The air is humid, thick and hard to breathe, even more so down there in the suburbs. It looks like it’s going to rain any second, the heat is suffocating.
It’s not like they want to stop and look at the scene that’s unfolding in front of them, but they have no other choice if they want to cross the dingy alley and reach their destination at the other end of the bridge before sundown. Or before it rains, for that matter. The fight has just started and it seems to lean towards the dirty end of the spectrum, no mediator in sight and only the roar of a frenzied audience to shield the two fighters from the rest of the world.
In the air floats already the cloying scent of putrid mud, grease and blood. Death will overtake them in no time.
Sanghyuk clicks his tongue, clearly annoyed, before climbing expertly to the nearest low roof he finds. A hand is offered to Jaehwan, who takes it and begrudgingly jumps next to him. Taekwoon climbs up on his own, apathetic and quiet. They’re a few feet above the dirty ground, and the view of the fight is excellent. Not that the fight is a nice sight to see.
It’s obvious that the two fighters aren’t experienced and have no idea what they’re doing. The crowd howls when one of them kicks the other in the gut and makes him spit blood all over the dirty pit. In a few seconds, they’re beating each other up again with no trace of gracefulness, technique or respect for the other, spitting venom and acid past crooked teeth to try and throw their opponent off balance and gain the upper hand. Foul play at its finest.
Sanghyuk clenches his fists, angry that they have to witness such a low scene, livid because everything he’s breaking his knuckles for everyday gets ridiculed in unsupervised vulgar brawls all the time. He glances at Jaehwan, at the cut still not completely healed that crosses his cheek and his bandaged fingers, and seethes quietly. Taekwoon’s hand comes to rest firmly at the nape of his neck, his silent way of telling Sanghyuk that he gets him but that Sanghyuk needs to control himself. They don’t want to draw attention to themselves, not with such a crowd. He should have gotten used to injustice by now the same way he got used years ago to the dull ache of his permanently broken eyebrow or his open wrists.
Suddenly, a jackknife is pulled from a hidden pocket and a thundering cloud in the distance announces that the fight won’t last too long.
Jaehwan doesn't even want to look; it makes him sick that they have to kill each other for a living — even though it's the only thing they can do, the only thing he's good at. Taekwoon observes quietly, slightly invested but not paying full attention either; he knows he plays in a completely different league. His hand still rests on Sanghyuk’s neck, and his fingers curl at the same time he holds Jaehwan’s wrist wordlessly. Sanghyuk's stare on the improvised pit is intent and he seizes the guys' strengths, compares them to his own and scoffs because he knows neither of them will survive the fight.
All of it is nasty, not pretty, but it's the life they have to live.
/////
The three of them have been friends for years.
A clique of criminals is what Jaehwan calls them. Most of the time it is meant as a joke, but there are times when Jaehwan’s eyes would go dark, clouded, and his words become burning poison and he does mean harm.
Those times, Taekwoon is quick to pick him up from the collar of his shirt and ask him if he'd rather be home.
It's cruel, because Taekwoon knows as well as Sanghyuk does that the last thing Jaehwan wants to do is be home. Or what used to be home for him, at least. They know that Jaehwan would rather feel someone else's bones splitting horrifyingly under his fists than his own helplessness leaving him at the mercy of others in that big mansion.
It's cruel that Taekwoon reminds him because Jaehwan's eyes go wide every time and he suddenly looks like a kid who’s about to cry, scared of the most terrifying nightmare. He barely ever does, though. He's learned not to cry like he learned that he was worth more than he was told back home all those years ago.
Jaehwan knows it and accepts the cruelty. Deep inside he thanks Taekwoon even through the flashbacks his harsh words have triggered, because he'd rather feel hot blood bathing him than the coldness of marble tiles under his feet and unsolicited hands on his body.
/////
Sanghyuk is not like Jaehwan, has never been. He never escaped a mansion; hell, he'd never seen one up close for that matter.
Unlike Jaehwan, Sanghyuk was born in the pit. Not quite literally, but almost. His mother was a good fighter, just like him, and she struggled all her life to keep herself safe with the strength of her fists and the wit she'd passed on to Sanghyuk. She was well-known and respected among her league, made a name for herself when she had nothing to lose.
Thanks to her Sanghyuk was a born a fighter, and he’s never been afraid of it. He's got a sharp mind, something his enemies have learnt to fear more than his muscles. He didn't always have those, after all.
Sadly, his mother wasn't around for too long. The situation in the streets became precarious what with the numerous riots and police repression that arose after the official ban of medicine supplies in the suburbs. After that, fights were no longer safe for a while.
She'd lost a nasty battle when Sanghyuk counted no more than seven years of life, and he was barely a green sprout back then. He was tiny, too thin and too hungry to be feared, but that was precisely what drove him to defeat any and everyone that got in his way. His mother taught him that no matter the situation fear wasn't an option, and so Sanghyuk had never been afraid.
/////
No one knows a thing about Taekwoon's past. His piercing eyes tell more than any word he could ever say, so neither Sanghyuk nor Jaehwan have ever asked seriously. That certainly doesn’t mean they don’t wonder. It doesn’t dull down the rumors and their quick steps into everyone’s ears, either.
In a way, Taekwoon seems to be made of a different skin than the rest of them, like he's been through so much he's needed to build a shield for himself to keep his sanity. He looks numb, though, like all that pain and suffering left him floating in a sea of unconsciousness for too long and he never came to completely.
However, he's the best companion that both Jaehwan and Sanghyuk could ever ask for. For all his numbness, he's quick to pick on mood shifts and even quicker to bring peace when they’re on the verge of a breakdown. Of breaking each other’s faces with brazen fists. Most days, if not all of them, Taekwoon manages to keep some sort of balance between Jaehwan's self-deprecating, sour comments and Sanghyuk's eagerness to sink his fists into injustice's throat until he hears its neck snap in half. What is surprising is that Taekwoon doesn’t lose it himself, that the fights and all that blood and death doesn’t get to him the way it does to them.
His calm demeanor is soothing in a way, but no matter how well he tries to mask his feelings, the glint in his eyes during a fight betrays that he's hiding more than he's willing to admit.
/////
If the fight itself wasn’t pretty, the aftermath of it all is downright revolting. As Sanghyuk predicted, none of the fighters have survived and now lay dead in grotesque positions observing the tainted world with blind eyes. On the mud-caked ground, scattered, lay one of the opponent’s guts, bloody and covered in grime. The other fighter has got his throat slit.
The whole alley is the perfect setting of a macabre story. Books could be written about it, about the brutality of both fighters’ fates, about the grease and blood splatters covering the walls of the nearby shacks, the rats running to feast on the fresh meat, the smell of death that now, undoubtedly, wafts into the air and seeps into their very bones. Books could be written about it but this story isn’t pretty enough to be shoved down the filter of romanticization. It would never make a good book, because the only tale to tell is that they all have death looming over them and they’ll more likely end up bloody and underground before long.
The crowd has dissolved almost completely; there’s nothing to see anymore. No one pays attention to the dead fighters anymore. They’re old news already.
It doesn’t take long for Jaehwan to hunch down and vomit. Tears are welling up in his eyes, but he doesn’t cry. He’ll probably break down at night, though. Taekwoon sighs. His first impulse is leaning down and running his fingers through Jaehwan’s hair but he stays still; Jaehwan needs space. Sanghyuk hasn’t taken his eyes from the macabre scene on the ground. His jaw is clenched tight, as are his fists. Poison runs through his veins in an acidic race that threatens to burn him from the inside, and the only reason he hasn’t run away is Taekwoon’s hand, firmly clasped on the back of his ratty jacket.
The alley is now empty. One, two, three seconds, and rain starts pouring down. Life is disgusting but it goes on.
Sanghyuk, Taekwoon and Jaehwan reach the bridge before sundown, and they never look back.
Mr reyes is the bestA fic by me

All of the squip squad was chilling in the drama room bored as heck
“Boy i sure am bored” said rich
As they were all dying of boredom suddenly mr reyes bursts through the wall on rollerskates, a backwards hat, and big 2018 sunglasses
“Hey whats up fuckers i got my hat on backwards and it’s time to fuckin party” mr reyes said
“MR REYES!” all the teens cheered
They were no longer bored and so glad that mr reyes, the best teacher ever, was in their lives.

Big Man with a Big Gun by frogdoggie
X/Story:  25 July 1998
Archive/X: 27 July 1998
TITLE: Big Man with a Big Gun
NAME: frogdoggie
E-MAIL: 
CATEGORY: SRA
RATING: NC-17. M/K. This story contains VERY GRAPHIC CONSENSUAL SEX BETWEEN MEN. WARNING! WARNING! ALSO EXTREME VIOLENCE. I can't caution you enough here. Seriously. So, if you don't like that type of thing - STOP NOW! Forewarned is forearmed.
SUMMARY: Hard to summarize. Kitsunegari. Salvation. Release.
FEEDBACK: YES PLEASE, AND THANK YOU SIR, CAN I HAVE ANOTHER? Comments, suggestions and healthy debate are always welcome. Flames? I use them to roast weenies, hamburgers and Italian sausages on the grill.
TIMESPAN/SPOILER WARNING: Out of time, out of space. Out of mind.
KEYWORDS: story angst slash Krycek Mulder NC-17
DISCLAIMER: Alex Krycek and Fox Mulder, belong to Chris Carter, Ten-Thirteen Productions and 20th Century FOX Broadcasting. No copyright infringement is intended and no profit is being made from their use. The lyrics for the song "Closer" by Nine Inch Nails copyright 1994 by Leaving Hope/TVT Music Inc., ASCAP. All rights reserved. No copyright infringement is meant here either.
IMPORTANT: WARNING! I can guarantee this piece will disturb you. Please read the author's note at the end. It is strongly suggested in order to gain insight into and an explanation for this story.
Big Man with a Big Gun
by frogdoggie
Hot night in July. Converted Warehouse. Dance Club. Bar. Whatever. A building in a bad part of town. My part of town. A state in the Queer Nation. Gay Bar. The Boiler Room. Oh Yeah. It boils all right. It boils my brains. Vaporize. Atomize. Sodomize my soul.
Loud. Lights. Smoke. Music. Techno, house, industrial, goth music, a myriad of styles. The DJ sets the mood. We writhe under his thumb. Aural puppets. Tortured, turmoil, manic sensory assault. Audio dynamite. Music that knifes right to the bone. Reverberates. Liquefies your guts. Rocks your cock. Cranks it up tight. Beat for the meat. Washing over me. I love it, I need it, I absorb it. The intensity. I need to get it up. Jerk it. Jack it up tonight.
I don't come to this places very often anymore. But, I've been coming here every night for a week. I'm here tonight. Dressed the part too. Head to toe. Tight, black t-shirt. Tight, black button fly jeans. Black socks. Black ankle holster and gun in case there's trouble. Black steel tipped boots in case there's lots of trouble. Black silk jock strap in case it's the right kind of trouble - and it will be. I know it will be. It's in the cards. Ace of spades.
The belt is the best touch though - the silver fox head belt buckle. Motherfuck it shines too. I gotta laugh. All for him. And I know he'll come.
I go upstairs. Upstairs bar - catwalk up high. The bar that overlooks the dance floor. I order Tequila. I slam back the first shot. A second. I turn. I look. I seek one face, one hard body. Who do I spy with my little eye? I watch through the sound, the lights, the fury into the roiling mass below. Mass of humanity? I'm not sure. Looks more like a fucking black mass. Orgy. Sounds like black sound. Black hole absorbing all light. Odor wafting up. The smell. The smell is more animal, carnal. Sweet. Sweat. Male. Arousal. Lust pheromones. Smell of cum. I inhale it. I seek one scent. And I know he will come.
I left my sign. The written spore. Message in the personal column of the local gay rag. The agreed upon paper just in case I ever want...need...need it, need him. The agreed upon message decided upon during our long seduction. Kitsunegari. Foxhunt. I told him the meaning. He knows why. He knows where. He'll come. Foxhunt. But tonight the fox is the hunter, the hound. Night of the Hunter. L.O.V.E. - H.A.T.E. Oh Yeah. He'll come.
And he did. I can see him. My shot glass in hand, forgotten for now. I move through the crowd. Bodies five and six deep. Push, crush to the catwalk railing. Leaning. Peering over, shot glass clenched tight. Etching the Boiler Room logo into my moist palm. I unconsciously raise the glass to my hot cheek. Run it down my face once. Let my hand drop. Wish it was a binocular glass flits through my mind as the glass drops as well. Rolls away. I grip the railing. Straining forward. And I see. I see. The better to see you with my besotted eyes. Spot that white face. Ghost white in the dark near the entrance. I can almost see the green eyes. Eyes glow for a moment, spectral in an arcing klieg light. Unholy illumination. Fallen angel. Lord of Light. Lucifer, Prince of Darkness. Satan. Monster.
The light moves. I see him move towards the dance floor. Close cropped brown hair. He's cut it again. Tight white t-shirt. Jesus, short sleeves. Head held high despite the stiff prosthetic arm. Amputee. It's as much a weapon as his fucking gun. Or his cock. Cock I felt that night. Pressing insistently against my leg. Pressing kiss to cheek. Hot, Intrusive. God. Devil. Devil in tight black jeans, zipper counterpoint to my buttons. Black Russian combat boots. Beautiful boy. Benighter. Beguiler. Betrayer. Be damned. Welcome to my nightmare, Alex. Come to Daddy.
He crests the tide spilling out onto the dance floor. Is caught up. I see him raise his eyes. They trap mine. I know he sees. He smiles. Wicked, wicked devil smile. Demon teeth, white. Tongue flicks. Forked? Illusion only as he licks lips. I know he won't come to me right away. He'll tease. Prolong the moment. Let me twist on my dick. So what. I'll wait. I can wait tonight. Prick. I know he'll come.
The music changes. Alex smiles wider. He knows this song. He should. The lyrics scream I am what I am what I am. Cocksucker. Closer.
you let me violate you
you let me desecrate you
you let me penetrate you
you let me complicate you
help me
i broke apart my insides
help me
i've got no soul to sell
help me
the only thing that works for me
help me get away from myself
He turns and grabs a body on the dance floor. At random? Any man? No, not really. This one is gorgeous. Black, African prince. Tall with dreadlocks. Naked from the waist up. White pants in stark contrast to show off his wonderful dark skin. Night man. Tight, white pants straining over his cock. Alex has taste. Knows true beauty it seems. He pulls the man close, groin to groin. Hip to hip. They become one body starts with close cropped brown hair, white face over tight white t-shirt sculpted into, against black smiling face, dark smooth muscular chest stretching down into white clad legs. One being. One rutting creature. Almost the beast with two backs. Aryan and Abyssinian.
Kisses. His mouth crushing. Tongues. Mouths dance. Vibration carries down the bodies. The bodies are one. They slide down, up, down, up...over, and over each other. They dance. Undulating like snakes in one moment, leopards the next. Muscles flex across bare back. Under tight white t-shirt. Lord God. Licking. Slamming, grinding cock against cock. Yin and Yang. Kings, chess kings. Do you want black or white? Mate. Checkmate. Jesus. I'm hard. Damn him. Damn him to hell. And damn me too. He'd better come or I'm gonna.
The music splits me. My body betrays me. Hate it. I hate it. My cock throbs to the beat. The words. The words. Oh fuck the words.
i wanna fuck you like an animal
i wanna feel you from the inside
i wanna fuck you like an animal
my whole existence is flawed
you get me closer to god
He does...the impossible...he knows I see. See it all. His lips parted. A snarl. His hair sweaty. One second plastered on skull, against brow, the next, flipping up, flicking wet. The dark other, The Night Man, groans. Moaning. Both his black arms grasping Alex's shoulders. Dreadlocks swinging. Eyes shut. Gasping. Both are gasping. Alex holding the strong, muscular, rippling, dark, sweating, back flesh with the false arm...real hand snaking down to unzip white pants. Flipping out hard, slick, swollen purple flesh. Dancing African trapped. Alex's white fist around his magnificent cock. Pumping, pumping in time to the music. The words. I have no words. But the song does. The lyrics say he's gonna come. Oh Yeah.
you can have my isolation
you can have the hate that it brings
you can have my absence of faith
you can have my everything
help me
tear down my reason
help me
it's your sex i can smell
help me
you make me perfect
help me become somebody else
I can't help myself. I'm gone. Heavy balls pressing against my thigh. Cum heavy. I part my legs slightly to relieve the pressure. Hands gripping the rail. I sweat. Runs down my neck. Down my back. Wet. Cock twitching, confined. Life of it's own. I hate that too. I hate myself. I stare. Transfixed. I'm moaning too. No one hears. Drowned out. I stand and stare. I lean forward into the railing. Bodies pressing closer all around me do the same. Hypnotized by the homoerotic heat below. Bodies conceal. Darker between us as we press close. No one sees. I touch myself through my pants. I can't stand it. Fumbling with the buttons. Opening all. I reach in. Flip it out. Stroke. Hot, hard. Weeping all ready. Crying for him. Hate. Beast. Alex. Oh God I wanna come.
i wanna fuck you like an animal
i wanna feel you from the inside
i wanna fuck you like an animal
my whole existence is flawed
you get me closer to god
Down, down I look down past my hand fisting my slick, heated flesh. My eyes locked on Alex, on the African. On the dance. Dance of death? Totentanz. Rictis like deaths head of pleasure on both partners. Blur of motion. White hips encased in black, black hips encased in white, bucking. Bucking into a strong white hand. Black head thrown back. Alex's lips moving against his neck, egging him on. Urging, urging. Oh Christ Jesus. I know what he's saying. I know the sex words. The command. Come for me. Come for me. I...I jerk and jerk and crank. Come on you bitch. Alex, get him off so I can come. The light is blinding. Sound deafens. I feel someone else. A stranger's hand snakes in, grabs my straining hard on. Fuck me please! Help get me...subtle anonymous voice. "Let me do the work. Watch." And I do and I see. I see. The African shouting. Alex jerks hard. The Night man screaming into the white noise of words, of words.
all through every forest
above the trees
within my stomach
scraped off my knees
i drink the honey
inside your hive
you are the reason
i stay alive
Alive. Alive. Alive. I grip the rail with both hands throwing myself hard forward. My good Samaritan stranger fisting me fast. Slippery wet but exquisite pressure. Up, down. Up, down. Sliding sex rhythm in time with the music. I am so close. The unknowns voice once more echoing what I know Alex said "Come for me. Come for me." I explode with the African. Erupting in unison. "That's it, that's it!" Alex and the other, my helper, yell. I glance down. He's really wringing me out. God, oh God it feels so good. I try to shriek out over the balcony into the crowd. My mouth opens in a silent scream. African twin below. Purple cock below me, spurting. I join him. I rain from above. Raining milky cum down onto the teaming multitude below. Jism baptism. Blessed be the fruit of my loins. Fuck. Fuck me. Fuck you. Fuck them all.
xXx
Thud. Thud. Thud. The music reaches even here. The words muffled. But the beat reaches. Beat for the meat. Meat for the beast.
Men's room. Relatively clean. Mint smell. Urinal mints wafting aroma in the air. Stalls. Mirrors. I gaze into the mirror. Hazel eyes I hardly know blink back. Dazed. Full lower lip even more full. Sex swollen. Christ. I run a hand over my mouth. Faucet. Water. Water over my face. Cooler. Better.
I swat paper towels out of the dispenser. Grab before they hit the floor. Some float down. Fall. Lie on the tile. But I have a wad to wipe my hands and to wipe away my shot wad. He will come echoes in my mind. No shit.
I fled in here. Fled from the stranger and his helping hand. I didn't want him. Didn't want to know him or see him. I wipe myself off as I lean against the sink. Breath coming in gulps. Still shaking, leftover orgasmic rush making me quake. Wiping. Wiping sweat and cum from my crotch. Wiping my sweating face. My neck. I let my mind go blank.
Sounds. Quiet. Furtive. Someone in a stall. Low moaning. Sex sounds. Wet slurping. I glance to the side. I can just see the top of the man's head above the stall. Blond hair. If he looked up I could see his whole head. See his face. But he's looking down. Looking at..kneeling legs is all I see. Someone sucking cock. I look away. But I can hear the sounds. Fuck. When will he come? I button back up.
"Come here often, sailor?"
Alex.
I'm getting old and slow. Or distracted by *Stall Man* as he rattles the metal walls with his climax.
"Shut up and get out," Alex growls in their direction. Gun drawn. Sweet Jesus.
Lovers startled. Zip up. Gone. Gun reholstered at the ankle. Malicious chuckle.
"I knew you'd come," I whisper.
He moves close. Presses hot hips against me. Pushes me back against the sink. Good hand grips the back of my head. False steadies my shoulder. His mouth on mine. Oh GOD. First kiss. Well first on the mouth. Did you think we? No. We've never, ever been...Did you think it? Before? No. Virgin. I've never had him. He's never had me. I did say we had a long seduction didn't I? Well, we did. Culmination with kisses. Kiss draining my soul. Soul sucked right out of my mouth along with my saliva and my breath. I gasp. The terrifying necessary possession. Means to an end.
His mouth. Insistent. Aggressive. Slanting over mine. Over and over. Lips swollen as well. Probing against my lips. I open. He moves right in. Insinuates. Snakes. Snake. Snake in the garden. Tasting. Sucking. Sucking him in. I taste. Whiskey taste. Cigarettes. He smokes? Or the African. Tongues dance. I can even feel his fillings. Metallic after flavor. Sucking. Sucking some more. I can't breath. Oh God. I'm fucking drowning. He breaks away. I moan. He glances down. Smirking wickedness.
"Looks like you came too," he laughs
"Fucker," I growl.
"Flattery will get you nowhere."
"Right," I sigh.
"Dance?" he asks.
"No."
"Home then?"
"Yeah."
"Your place or mine?"
"Mine," I answer. And we leave.
xXx
Two AM. Apartment door. Deadbolt lock. Knob lock. Keys. Keys in pocket. Keys out. Key in locks. Unlock. The great unlocking.
He's inside. Inside my home, my life, my defenses. In my head, in my mind. In my pants. Christ he won't even wait.
"Don't you want a beer or something, Alex?" I choke on the name. Hands roaming, down. Between my legs. Lord God. Fucking plastic arm thing. Shit. Cold. I whimper.
"No."
"Well fuck you then."
"Oh Yeah," he moans.
Slams me up against the closed apartment door. I go weak in the knees. He holds me up by my mouth with his mouth. Sucking my air again. Hands up on my head now. Probing, Probing. I hold my lips tight this time. Fighting. Doubt. Guilt? Fear? Disgust.
He stops. Pulls back. Stares into my eyes. Sea green passion in front of my nose. Pupils dilating. Breath coming against my lips.
"Mulder?"
He says my name for the first time and it's a question. The obvious question. Muther may I? Mulder may I? I let him breath. Count one mississippi, two mississippi, three mississippi. This is it. No going back. My life. His life. Salvation? Redemption? or Condemnation? Damnation? More likely Resolution. Definitely release.
I open my mouth, bring my hands up and pull his head to mine.
"Tovarishch," I murmer. He groans. He melts into me. Judas. Judas kiss. It's so good. Deep hot, searching. Hands roaming again. Pushing up my t-shirt. He leaves my mouth. Works down my neck. Over the rolled up cotton. Up over onto my chest. Tongue, lips, teeth on my nipples. Oh God. Good, good. Down my stomach. Belt buckle. Kissing silver. Reaching with one hand. Works the fox free. Buttons. He's agile with one hand. Opening, opening. All open. Impatient. Yanking. Jeans down and belt. Small intake of breath.
"Hmmmm. Silk. Nice," he purrs glancing up.
I smile wide. Lascivious. Knowing. Masking my real thoughts. Thinking -Yeah, bastard I knew you'd like it.
"Like?" I gasp out the half question.
"Oh yeah," he grunts, fondling the material. Yank. Short fucking attention span.
My cock springs loose. Bobbing in front of his nose.
"I like this too," he chuckles.
Cocksucker. And Dear God in heaven he does and oh Jesus Jesus. No No NO. Can't be this ggggggood. But it is. It is. I grab his head as he deep throats me. All the way in one swallow. I shut my eyes. That's it. That's it. I'm gone.
Hips thrown forwards I whine my pleasure. Suck it! Suck it! I moan. Begging for his mouth. Groveling, horrible groveling, pleading. Harder, harder. My voice rising an octave with each bob of his head. But it's so fine. So fine. So...hips bucking fast. Out of control. I don't care. I wanna. I wanna. COME! Now...and hurt him, hurt him. Gag you motherfucker. Thrusting deep inside hot, wet. Of fuck. I blow up. Shooting cum down, down. I'm growling loud and still thrusting. He's hanging on. OH FUCK ALEX! I can't stop emptying and he's smiling around my cock. I watch. Backflow erupts out of his mouth, down his chin. Even now part of me flees him. Mother of God.
He lets me go and I sink to the floor. Limp. Gasping. Fish tank. I could be a fish out of water.
"Good?" he asks.
Like he doesn't know? Overwheening piece of shit.
"Unbelievable," I answer, winded. I can barely speak.
"You have a bed in this place?" he inquires looking around, "I'd suggest the couch but it doesn't look like it'll hold up," he smiles. Smile like a lizard. Alligator. Crocodile. Ancient Monster.
I smile back. Show all my teeth. The better to eat you with Alex. Fox. No. Wolf. This is the wolf at the door.
"Yeah," I nod down the hall.
I kick off boots. Pull off socks. The gun and ankle holster. My pooled at feet belt, pants and silk jock. I struggle to get up. Naked from the waist down. Alex is watching my swinging dick and balls. I flop back down. Embarrassed at my lassitude. Alex waits. He kicks off his boots. Pulls off his socks. Takes off the ankle holster. Straightens back up. Puts the gun and holster on my coffee table. He wipes his face on his t-shirt. Extends a hand. The real one. I grasp it. Hoist myself up.
"Thanks," I mumble.
"No problem," he answers, "just leave the clothes and gun," he adds. We walk down the hallway. Alex undresses further as we go. I pull my t-shirt off and leave it amongst the trail of material he drops. Strange parody of Hansel and Gretel's bread crumbs. Hope it helps me to find my way better than they did. Shit.
Bedroom. Clean for once. No clutter. For fucking expediency. Expedient to fuck. Alex behind me. Breathing hard. Looking. Touch on my shoulder. Squeeze on my ass. His hard cock brushes up against the crack between my cheeks. I suck in breath. God.
"So?" he asks
"So what?"
"So, lie down," he suggests.
I do it.
"On your back. I want to look," he requests. Almost but not quite a command.
I do it.
He takes me all in. Eyes roaming. Focusing on my erection. And I am hard again. Damn. Achingly so. He licks his lips. Reaches over. Unstraps his arm. Tosses it onto a nearby chair. Turns to stare some more.
"You have a great cock," he nods.
I do my best to smile. To admire his as well. Erection. Jutting towards me. It seems to strain in my direction. Seeking. Guided missile. I want to....die? Gag. I dread this need. Abhor this desire. Desire and disgust. Pain and pleasure. The ulimate rush.
"Come here," I trill deep in my throat. He nods. I need speed now. Momentum. Rushing. Rushing towards completion. Conclusion. If I don't hurry I'll....die? Dying would be preferable to losing my nerve. Nerves? My nerves are on fire.
I swallow hard as the bed sags. Alex. Down next to me. Awkward for a moment on one arm. Levering over me. I support his shoulder. Grab both shoulders. Pull him close. Oh God. Skin to skin to skin to...Cocks. He's hard. Stiff. More stiff than his fucking arm. More stiff than his God damned gun. Half arm scraping along my shoulder. Even scar tissue, hard puckered flesh is sensuous. I whimper. He's grinning like a Godforsaken skull.
We move. Together. Grinding hips. Chests. Legs. I spread mine to give him better access. Pumping, thrusting. Licking. Sucking again. Lapping. Sniffing. Smelling musky, spicy scent of arousal. Breathless. Nipping. Biting hard once. I cry out. So does he. Alex growls one command and then no more words. Just sounds
"Get it up for me, Foxxxxxx," he snarls. And I do.
We slide over each other. Slick with sweat, pre-cum. I can feel every inch of him against my growing, swelling steaming flesh. I'm sinking. Sinking into sex. I want his sex. I don't. I do. Don't. Won't. Will. No will. My will is gone. I...it, it's too much. I can't stop it. No stopping it. To the end. Good. Let it come.
I'm moaning. Whimpering. Groaning again in counterpoint to his mewling voice. Mewling like a cat. Or a catamite. Whore. Slut, to slut, to rut. I want to rut to...
"Top or bottom?" he asks at last.
Why ask? I know what he wants. Oh Christ moment of truth. Truth? I can barely think it. Won't voice it. Won't let him...Oh God. I will. I know what I need. Necessity again. Resist? No. Can't resist. Or Serve? Service. Service him. Service with a smile. Service to the end. Receive. Gotta, gotta get it. In. Inside. Inside my...soul. And oh yeah, I know what he wants.
"Up my ass," I gasp.
"My pleasure," he hisses.
My pain.
Night stand. Rickety. Drawer pulled open in haste. Almost knocks it over. Condoms. Lube. Astroglide.
I glide. Gliding in my mind. Watching wide eyed. Alex's teeth holding foil. Gripping, tearing. Rips foil. Shakes the condom out. Impasse. Hard to do that one handed. He looks up at me. Non verbal request for help. I grab the rubber. Put it on his tip. Roll it down over his cock. Unfolding. His cock is hot even through the latex. He sighs as I stroke him a bit. I lie back down.
"Want it on your knees?" he asks.
"You?" I reply. Critical he think he has a choice. I give him the choice. I hold my breath. Hope he'll choose....
"No. I wanna see your face."
YES! I need....him...On me. Over me. Between my legs. Holding him still. Trapping. Oh Yeah.
"Works for me," I grin. Deaths head of my own. Can you see it Alex? Can you see?
He nods. Squeezes out the lube. Warms it against his stomach. Slicks up his hand. Motions for me to raise up my legs. I do. Knees bent. Then lifting. Up. Onto his shoulders. Over both. Splayed. Open. Shifting. I grab a pillow. Ram it fast under my ass. His hand between my butt cheeks. Probing. Wrinkled flesh. Finger insinuating inside. Possessing. Oh God. Only one and I'm coming off the bed all ready. Do I need it, him, this bad? Christ Jesus yes. I am damned. Damned to hell. Damn him to hell. Motherfucker. Fuck. Finger fucking. Oh LORD.
"Relax, you're tight," he whispers.
Tight? Well, I'm new at this. But he's not the first Thank God. And I will loosen. Relaxing. Riding it. Feeling him push in a second finger. I arch my hips as he pumps into me. Teasing. Oh God, please. Angle up. Hit me. Hit....he's making me wait for it. Bastard.
"Like it?" he husks.
"You know I do," I moan.
And God help me I do. I want more. I want it all. All of him. Inside. Hard, fast and deep. Splitting me. Spitting me. Fucking and then spitting inside. But I won't beg for it. No way in hell. It will be hell but...but...
Third finger and I yell out as he does hit me where it counts the most.
"Oh SSSSShitttttt!" I yelp. Prostate. Searing pleasure. Alex laughing as I buck. Helpless. He holds me.
"Nice action," he chuckles as I pump my ass into his hand.
I can't speak the pleasure mixed with pain is too much. We move together. Strong hand, fingers thrusting. Half his hand slides up my ass. GODJESUS. Once, twice. He pulls out his hand. Grabs the lube. He's smiling. Smiling. Slicking up his cock. This is it. This is it. I close my eyes.
"Ready?" he asks
I nod, "Do it."
His cock. I feel the head. I swallow. I'm swallowing him. Ass taking him. Cock pressure. OH GGGGGGOD! Pressing in. Filling. Tight. Too tight? No. Oh Jesus he's hard. It feels so good. Deeper. Deep. Come on. Come on. Do it. All the fucking wwwway! He's sighing as he thrusts his hips. Balancing against me with his half arm. Whole arm gripping my leg. He feels me relax. Tight muscle yielding. I grunt in pleasure. He grunts one last thrust. In up to his nuts. I open my eyes.
"Good?" he whispers.
"Great," I can't say any more.
"Keep your eyes open," he commands.
No problem I have no problem. Because now I must see. Wanna see it all. He looks at me for a minute then he pulls back and rams in. GOD DAMN! GOD DAMN!
"You tight bitch," he spits out.
"FUCK ME HARD!" I scream. And he does. Ramming, ramming fast. Oh fuck! Oh, Oh, So fucking good! Up. Push up. Riding, writhing. I grab his half arm to steady him. He's gone. Lost in lust. And so am I. Unbelievable pressure, just short of pain. Humping, humping. Arching up to meet each hard, pumping thrust. I can't believe. Want to deny. Deny everything. But it's...so...cockfucking...good.
"Move, move, don't stop," he's gasping as I buck up against his balls. Slapping. Mine are crushed. I snake a hand to my cock. I need it. Jerk it. Please. He knows. He grabs forward. Grabs me. I lower my hand. Grip the bedspread. He can do this with one hand? Oh yes he can. I can. I can come I can...OH OH OH. Cranking. He's doing it. Doing it to me. Doing me. On me. In me. Up me. Over me. Between my....FUCK I'M SO CLOSE. And then the words. See, yes, I knew. I knew. Right.
"Come for me Fox! Come for me."
UUUUUUUUUUUUHHHHHHHHHHH! Screaming. Screaming. Roaring. White hot explosion. Shooting. Milky streams of liquid fire. It feels like lava and fire gushing out of my cock. Fantastic flame. Oh God in heaven. Bright light. Blind. I'm blind. Fuck blind.
Alex. Wringing me. Wringing me out as I cum. Great gushing spams. He's holding back to give it to me. And then it's too much even for him. Drops my dick. Grabs my hip. Pulls out almost all the way. Clear backthrust. I keen in sudden agony of body, of soul as he crashes back into me. OH CHRIST that hurts but only for a second and then I feel like I'm coming again but from inside, deep, like a woman must feel. Hitting it. Hitting it. My muscles clamp down like a vice. OHHHHHHHHH. Wailing. Howling. Lost. No, Found.
Alex crying loud. Climaxing at last. Shrieking with it. Jesus. Bastard. Bastard beast. Riding right up my ass. He rocks back. Arm and stump outstreached. Christ crucified for a moment. Using just his hips to send him to heaven. Eyes shut. Mouth open wide. Breathing, huffing, gasping. Grunting. Straining. His ass pumping, still pumping, never ending orgasm and he leans back down over me. Still milking himself inside. Will it never end? Oh yes. It will. It's about to end for sure.
I hear the sound. Barely. Behind. Quiet. So silent. Thank God. I thought....he'd be too late. My surprise. My savior. My friend. My first. My lover. My life.
My eyes fill with love. Love for him. The one. The gun. The big man with the big gun. He sees me. Understands. Forgives. Part of the plan. He smiles. I speak. I speak.
"Walter," I whisper.
"What?" Alex hisses from between my legs.
Walter Skinner smiles. Grins large. Showing all teeth. Wolf grin. He is the wolf as well. The fucking alpha wolf. And this is his territory. His field. The killing field.
I grab Alex close. Tight. He grunts still dazed. Fuck blind too. But dawning realization. I smile.
Walter looms behind him. Gun. Gun to the beast's head. Alex's green eyes go wide. Stare into mine. He knows. He knows. Fucker. You fucker. See. See me. See death. See your death. I smile.
"See you in hell tovarishch," I hiss.
Click of the slide. He didn't even cock it. Wanted Alex to hear the bullet enter the chamber. The bullet with his name on it. Walter smiling. Smiling. Speaking.
"Good night Irene," he laughs. Deep bass sound. Time stops. Suspended. Silence. Alex shuts his eyes.
"Keep 'em open," I shriek, pounding on his back. "I wanna, I wanna see you die motherfucker, motherfucker...."
BBBBBOOOOOOOOOMMMMM!
Gunshot loud. Jesus. Jesus. Blood. Bone. Brains. Splattering. All over. All over me. Oh God. OH GOD! So Good. So Good. Walter laughing. Laughing. Alex slumping. Green eyes open. Dead. Head lolling. Dead. Beautiful. Blood trickles from his mouth. Thank you. Thank you. So glad. This is for you Daddy. For you and for Scully. For You. For Scully. Scully! Sculleeeeee!
xXx
"Mulder! Mulder! Jesus, Mulder, Wake up."
"SCULLEEEEEE!"
"Mulder!"
Coming back. Coming back from where? The dark place. The Night Place. The dark night of the soul...."
"Wwwwwwhat? Oh Christ."
"You were having a nightmare. It's ok. I'm here. It's ok."
Warm sweet feminine touch. Caring. Compassionate. Loving. Lover. I come back. She brings me back. My love. My lover. Scully.
"Oh God, Scully. Terrible."
"Relax, Mulder. Let me hold you. Here. Shift up."
I do. Into her arms. Against her soft, warm tits. Woman flesh. Mother flesh. Mothering comfort cushions.
"Jesus. A nightmare," I whisper, burying my head against her aromatic skin.
She strokes my back. My brow. Brushes my sweaty hair back. It will be all right. She makes it all right. I snuggle close. Bliss.
"Was it Samantha again?"
I glance up. Look into her kind, angelic face. Lovely. Clear alabaster skin. Brillant spark of intelligence filling electric incandescent blue eyes. Open. Waiting for my answer. I begin to tremble under her touch. Shaking.
"Nevermind," she whispers, pulling me close.
But I will.
xXx
Author's note: I know this is a brutal and violent story. Not pleasant. It wasn't pleasant when I dreamt it. I dream sometimes, very vividly. Sometimes the dream is a nightmare. That's where this story started out. As a nightmare. When I woke up, shaking like hell, I made notes about it right away. I get story ideas like that quite often. So I wrote this story. Almost as an exorcism. As a catharsis. So I hope you will understand. Understand and contemplate what may lie coiled inside all our psyches. What should stay coiled except in our dreams.
Bests, frogdoggie
DISCLAIMER 2: Walter S. Skinner belongs to Chris Carter, Ten-Thirteen Productions and 20th Century FOX Broadcasting. No copyright infringement is intended and no profit is being made from his use either. -FINALLY...THE END OF THE WHOLE STORY-

A Scene to Forget by Subsume
Disclaimer: All dialog at the very beginning of this story is Chris Carter's and Frank Spotnitz's. The X-Files characters are property of CC and 1013 and FOX Broadcasting. I make no claims to any of the characters and parts of the dialog and take no profits from it--plus I am too poor to be worth suing. Material from the "@@@" to the end was written entirely by me with the able assistance of my beta readers, Cheryl and Sue. Note: I worship the ground CC walks upon for giving us these beautiful men to play with. 
Also note that some of the story requires a certain amount of knowledge of BDSM and its motivations. If you have that knowledge, the characters will behave appropriately (I hope!!) except for the nonconsent part. If you don't have a clue about BDSM, trust me that everything does ring true, except for the nonconsent part. I didn't want to encumber this already very long story with too much exposition; however, private email with questions and comments is welcome. Flames are also relished--I'm twisted that way.
Rated: NC-17 or higher for language, violence, torture, and nonconsentual male/male sex (which arrives in part two). Warning--Rape of major character (in part two) 
Spoilers: Tunguska/Terma 
SMT Rating: 9 (no broken bones) 
Gossamer: NO 
AXFC: NO 
MKRA: Yes
A Scene to Forget
by Subsume
The whip descended again and Fox Mulder cowered on the ground, hands thrown up in the air to defend his face and eyes, afraid to turn over to avoid the whip because he might be trampled by the agitated horse his captor rode. //What the FUCK is this?// he mentally shouted in confusion as he warded off another blow from the whip. His shocked mind mercifully shut down even before he was knocked unconscious.
**************************************
He didn't know what woke him, but the first thing he became aware of was pain. Throbbing, intense, nauseating pain in his head. The second thing he noticed was an incredible stench. A combination of piss, shit, garbage, and the piercing scent of stale sweat and fear, with an edge of rotting flesh. He sat up painfully, squinting against the light coming from a tiny barred window high on the stone wall, making his head pound even more. After a few moments, he noticed a persistent whispering coming from somewhere. He couldn't understand a word and finally realized that the voice was speaking Russian.
"I don't speak Russian!" he cried out petulantly, sending an intense bold of pain through his head. "Then no one has told you?" the voice continued, switching to English. Mulder carefully rose to his feet, grunting in pain, and approached a crack in one wall where the voice seemed to be issuing. He peered into the crack, seeing the other prisoner's eyes looking back at him.
"Told me what?" Mulder asked.
"That you were brought here to die. To wish you were dead," the man said matter-of-factly, speaking about something he had long ago come to accept.
"I wasn't brought here. I came here...looking for something," Mulder replied.
"The only thing you will find here is death...and suffering."
"What is this place?" Mulder asked numbly.
"This place?" the prisoner explained.  "A gulag. A place where the guilty rule the innocent."
A sudden loud noise shocked them both. Mulder turned in fear and his friend in the next cell shut up immediately. The door to his cell was flung open and Alex Krycek, missing his jacket and hat, was thrust inside and began desperately pleading with the guards in Russian. One answered him with an air of finality and shut and locked the cell door. Krycek tried to open the door and then turned his pale, sick, and frightened face to Mulder and panted "We've gotta get out of here. They're going to torture us." He crossed the cell and went to the window, trying to move the bars. Mulder followed him with his eyes.
"How do you know?" Mulder asked warily, secretly glad to see Krycek again because his was at least a familiar, if hated, face.
"They were questioning me," Krycek replied, agitatedly pulling at the window bars. He turned away from the window and stood in front of Mulder. "Trying to get me to confess," he continued.
"To what?" Mulder asked.
"To being a spy," Krycek said.
Despite the pain in his head, Mulder charged Krycek and slammed him up against the wall, tearing a grunt from him. He ground his forearm across Krycek's throat. "What did you tell them," Mulder demanded furiously, mouth drawn tight in anger, positive that Krycek had betrayed him, accused him, thrown him to the wolves.
"That we were stupid Americans,  lost in the woods." Krycek gasped, forcing the words past Mulder's crushing arm.  He grabbed at Mulder's arm trying to tear it away from his throat but it was like iron. The rocks of the cell wall scraped painfully against his back through his thin T-Shirt as the full length of Mulder's body pressed him fiercely into it.
//Oh, how I hate you// Mulder thought, staring into Krycek's dark green eyes.
"Mulder," Krycek said slyly. "You're going to need me in here." Krycek watched the shifting emotions in Mulder's eyes and he could feel Mulder's body relaxing just a bit as he processed what Krycek said. Krycek pushed sharply at Mulder in response to his easing off and Mulder continued to back away, his body language showing he knew that Krycek was right.
"Don't touch me again" Krycek said menacingly and stepped away from the wall, raising his head slightly in triumph as Mulder stared at him angrily and then turned away. Krycek felt smug about his new power. He relished this reversal of fortune. The constant physical abuse Mulder heaped on him was wearing rather thin. Now,  Mulder could only know  what Krycek told him, and Krycek hadn't told him much of anything truthful, nor would he. Krycek hadn't worked for the black-lunged bastard all this time, not to mention his other masters, without learning a few manipulative tricks.
Time passed as the two men sat against opposite walls of the cell. Mulder had no idea how much time, but he noticed that the quality of the light coming from the window changed and the cell became even colder. He was glad that the man in the next cell had kept quiet all this time. Mulder had a feeling that the fact that Krycek didn't know about the English-speaking prisoner was going to be of prime importance to his survival.
********************************************
More noises in the hall put both of them on alert. Mulder waited tensely for the door to be opened again, but instead the food flap at the bottom of the door flipped open and two tin cans of some kind of liquid were pushed into the cell. Krycek grabbed for one and handed the other to Mulder. Mulder took the can eagerly, feeling the delicious warmth spread from the cup to his fingers, and gulped greedily at the broth; he was so cold and so hungry. Then he noticed movement in the liquid and spit out his mouthful, reaching into the soup to pull out a struggling cockroach. He held it in front of him, looking at it with revulsion. Krycek saw the insect and both men flung their soup cans away in disgust.
Suddenly, seemingly in response,  the door to the cell was shoved open and a guard with a billy club entered, speaking to Krycek in a harsh tone, grabbing him from the floor and pressing him to the wall. Krycek, in a panic, answered back and kept on talking. Mulder rose to his feet and watched as the guard clutched at Krycek's shirt, apparently arguing with him and threatening him with the club. Krycek continued to speak rapid Russian, eventually having some effect because the guard backed off and began to speak more calmly.
"What were you saying?" Mulder interrupted, frightened and angry to be so dependent on the man he considered nearly his worst enemy, the man who was his former partner, the man who betrayed him and Scully, the man who probably killed his father and was an accessory to the murder of Scully's sister,  the man he hated with a black passion, hated... and.....?
"That I want to see his supervisor" Krycek explained.
The guard and Krycek began talking again. Mulder followed the conversation apprehensively, once again mentally cursing the fact that he had taken French in school instead of a useful language. After more talk, the guard jerked his head for Krycek to follow him.
"Da svedanya," Alexei Krycek said to Mulder and, with a cryptic look, left the cell. The guard slammed the door and Mulder turned away with a grimace, scared to be without the one person he knew in Russia but still relieved that Krycek was gone.
"That man is *not*  your friend," whispered the prisoner from the next cell when he heard Mulder's cell door bang closed. "He speaks indifferently to the guards. Formal language, as if to an equal. You...are deceived."
"Who are you?" Mulder asked, swallowing bile at the knowledge that his worst fears were realized.
"A prisoner, like you. But I have committed no crime." replied the man.
"Why are you here?" Mulder prompted, attempting to gather as much information as he could, losing himself in the familiar routine of questioning an informant. The man explained that the prisoners were there to work, to find the rock, to be experimented upon, to be tortured, to be exposed to the "Black Cancer," to ultimately die. The more Mulder heard, the more frightened he became. He had no idea how to get out of this situation. Scully didn't know precisely where he was, and neither did Skinner, so there wouldn't be a rescue party coming for him soon, or ever. A sick feeling began to spread in the pit of his stomach, and he was glad he hadn't been able to eat the swill they were served. He didn't think he would enjoy adding the stench of vomit to the already miasmic air of the cell.
The cell door suddenly burst open once again and three guards charged inside, grabbing Mulder and pressing him to the floor on his stomach, but not before he got a glimpse of a fourth man in glasses holding a syringe containing  a pale, murky liquid--obviously intending to inject him with it! Blind panic raced through Mulder's body and he struggled against his captors, but  to no effect. The three burly guards held him easily as he tried to look over his shoulder at the other man who leaned down and swiftly injected the contents of the syringe into the back of Mulder's neck.
"NOOOO!!!!!" Mulder screamed and then knew no more.
*********************************************************
@@@@
He heard gruff voices, scraping sounds, Krycek's voice speaking rapidly and pleadingly. //Oh good// Mulder thought //Whatever's happening is happening to him, too//.
He felt both pain and numbness, an odd combination. He tried to move but was unable. He carefully cracked one eyelid to get his bearings but not give his captors any indication that he had awakened. His vision was blurry, but he could tell he was lying on his back on the floor on top of his own ropebound arms, which had gone numb. Three guards were standing by a table. The man with the glasses, the one who had injected him, was sitting behind the table questioning Krycek, who was kneeling on the floor on the other side of the table, unbound, talking fast and gesturing. He occasionally pointed at Mulder and then at himself. Mulder must have made some noise of frustration at being unable to understand what was being said, because everyone in the room suddenly turned to look at him and two guards strode over and roughly hauled him to his feet. He cried out in pain from the jerking of his arms and then from his knees hitting the floor as he was shoved down again. When he dizzily raised his head, he found he was kneeling next to Krycek in front of the table, with the man in glasses looking at him appraisingly. Krycek glanced at him and swallowed hard, stuttering out more Russian while nodding at him. Then, with his head turned as far as he could get it towards Mulder, he let one eyelid drop down in a slow  wink. Mulder stared stupidly at him, knowing it was a signal but not what it meant. //Probably some kind of trick// Mulder thought, his natural paranoia cutting through the drug. Krycek turned back to the man behind the table and kept up his pleading. The man stood up and motioned to a guard. The guard stepped forward and slapped Krycek as hard as he could on the cheek, sending him crashing into Mulder and knocking them both to the floor.
Mulder moaned from the pain in his tingling arms and tried to get back to his knees at least, if not his feet. But one of the guards, a huge man with spiky brown hair,  leaned down and grabbed his shoulders, forcing him onto his back using his full weight, making Mulder arch and cry out in pain. The guard began to scream in his face, covering him with spittle. Another guard had Krycek on his stomach on the floor and was kneeling on his legs as hard as he could. Krycek grunted and tried to wriggle away, but the man only sat on the backs of his thighs and held his arms together at the elbows. Mulder began to try to buck off the man holding him, but it was like trying to buck off a cement truck. The third guard knelt down by Krycek's side and started to wrap his pulled-back arms in a carefully-held length of barbed wire. Krycek began babbling at top speed, practically screaming the coarse-sounding Russian words. The man with the glasses said something and the guard with the wire stopped trying to wrap it around Krycek. The man holding Mulder down abruptly flipped him over on his stomach and began taking the ropes off his arms. By the time the ropes were off, Krycek had been seated in a chair and was talking more calmly with the man in glasses, the man who had injected him and was probably the Commandant of the gulag. Mulder was picked up and a chair was dragged around for him. He sat gingerly and kept his eyes on Krycek, wondering what he could possibly have said that had resulted in this miraculous change in fortune and watching the spread of pink on Krycek's cheek from the guard's slap. Despite the fact that Mulder had been terrorized beyond any point ever in his life, even beyond the point of terror that his father had routinely subjected him to as a child, he found himself getting a trifle distracted. He couldn't seem to focus or concentrate. He couldn't understand a word that was being said; it was like a foreign movie with no subtitles. All he could tell was that apparently Krycek had said some kind of magic word and now everybody was happy. He closed his eyes and tried to calm his heart beat. Now that the adrenaline was wearing off, he could feel the remaining effects of the drug that had been injected into him, some kind of powerful tranquilizer. It made his thinking fuzzy. He jerked awake with a start and was astonished that he had nodded off for a second. He sensed a change in the room now, a shift in mood. He was puzzled and looked at Krycek, who was smiling cryptically at him, green eyes hooded. He looked at the guards and the Commandant and saw that they were looking back at him with a certain interest that he did *not* like. He decided to risk speaking to Krycek.
"What the hell have you been telling them, Krycek?" Mulder whispered urgently, shifting his gaze from the guards to the Commandant and back to Krycek.
"That you were mine. That I fucked you regularly and you loved it rough." Krycek hissed.
"Motherfucking son of a bitch!!!" Mulder exploded and leaped out of his chair at Krycek. "Bastard!!! Goddamed fucking asshole!!!!" he screamed, and beat on Krycek as he landed on top of him on the floor. He only got in a few good punches before two guards dragged him off and held him in a choke hold.
In a blind rage, Mulder struggled against the guards and heard Krycek and the Commandant laughing as Krycek stood and made a show of dusting himself off.
Krycek, speaking in Russian to the Commandant, stepped up to the struggling, swearing Mulder and began to stroke his face and hair. Mulder kicked out with his feet and did his best to bite Krycek's hands, while nearly strangling himself in rage against the guard's forearm.
"Now, now, *Fox*, what's all the fuss?" Krycek asked sarcastically, deliberately using Mulder's hated first name, dodging Mulder's snapping teeth and flailing feet. "You know how much you have always wanted to fuck me." He laughed delightedly at the hatred in Mulder's eyes. "That's why you're always hitting me. Even when I'm handcuffed and no threat at all, you hit me. You should know all about the psychological process that transforms attraction into aggression. I certainly do, and I don't have a PhD like you. Mulder, I have hated you and wanted you at the same time practically since I first met you. You were such a bastard to me, you know. But you are so fucking hot, too."
"Why are you doing this, Krycek?" Mulder managed to choke out.
"Why? Because when I told them about 'me and you' they got very interested. Things are pretty boring around here. They want us to put on a show for them. They say that if we entertain them, they will let us go." Krycek said, lying to Mulder with a straight face. //Oh, no, Foxy boy, that's not the reason. The real reason is that I want to humiliate you the way you have humiliated me. I want to hurt you the way you have hurt me. I want to fuck you the way I know you want to fuck me!//  Krycek's expression was one of sheer malicious triumph.
The Commandant began issuing orders and Mulder was dragged out of the room. Krycek and the Commandant followed, speaking in low tones and laughing in a very suggestive way. Mulder kicked and squirmed to get away the entire trip down the hall, but when their destination was reached and the door flung back by the third guard, he froze.
The door had opened to reveal something out of the Dark Ages, or out of someone's nightmare, or wet dream--a fully equipped torture chamber. Mulder's eyes panned the room in shock, taking in one odd device after another, taking in the chains, ropes, whips, rods, pincers, brazier, standing H-frame, steel examination table, wooden horse,  and the rusty stains on the floor. Mulder's legs gave out underneath him and his mind seemed to shut off. The guards held him and kept him from falling to the floor and turned to look at the Commandant for instructions.
The Commandant deferred to Krycek and made his way to his favorite chair to view the entertainment. He would enjoy himself, and, assuming that an identity check did not confirm the black-haired man's story, he had two more prisoners to add to the experiment when the fun was over. If this "Alexei Krycek" was indeed Comrade Arntzen of the KGB, then he would get the promised promotion and a ticket out of this hellhole. //A win/win situation// he thought, and sighed happily.
Krycek rubbed his hands together and thought about what he'd like to do to Mulder first. Get him trussed and get the brazier going. He knew Mulder's terror of fire and was going to enjoy using it against him. Those few months as Mulder's partner had given him all kinds of information to use against him in this "scene." He instructed the guards to chain Mulder to the frame, with his back facing their audience. Once the stunned but feebly-resisting man had been affixed to the frame with his legs spread and his arms over his head, Krycek ordered the guards to start the brazier. After it was going, the guards joined the commandant against the wall,  waiting to enjoy the show, but ready to help if needed--oh yes, ready and willing to help.
Krycek wandered around the room, picking up "utensils" here and there and began a running monologue in English to further terrorize Mulder and increase his own pleasure.
"Oh, Foxy?" He began, checking to see if his victim was aware yet. "Are you still with us?" He crossed the room and slapped Mulder hard across the face. Mulder groaned and leaned back against his bonds and shook his head, trying to focus on Krycek, his hated enemy. He struggled against the bonds, testing them, but he was stuck fast. He stared black hatred into Krycek's face and wished him dead.
"There's my boy, back in the land of the living. But I have a feeling you will be hoping for death before the night is over." Krycek chuckled and ducked the wad of spit Mulder somehow managed to collect in his dry mouth and spew at him. "Naughty boy, Foxy," Krycek smiled, translating the comment into Russian with a play on the word "Fox", and the audience laughed, too. "You're going to have to be punished. Well, even more so than I already had planned, that is."
"You cocksucking bastard," Mulder spat out. "You fucking prick. You........" Mulder's curses faded away to inarticulate growls of hatred and frustration. His fists clenched above the shackles and the long muscles in his legs spasmed trying to jerk out of the ankle chains. One muscle at the side of his jaw jumped as he clenched his teeth, glaring at his tormentor.
"Telling me what you want, are you? No, no, Foxy, you misunderstand. *I* tell *you* what I'm going to do, and right now I am going to get these clothes off you. I'm an artist and I want to see my canvas." Krycek stepped over to one of the tables and picked up a large, very sharp, butcher knife. He could have had the guards strip Mulder, but Krycek knew the added terror the knife would provoke in his victim. Seeing his hated enemy come at him with a sharp knife while he was helpless should ratchet up Mulder's fear level very nicely. Krycek glanced with studied nonchalance at the blade of the knife and walked back up behind Mulder. He suddenly leaned into Mulder's back and laughed as Mulder convulsed away from him.
"Better hold still, Fox, or you will get a nasty cut, and I don't think they have any Bactine around here." Krycek grabbed the back of Mulder's shirts and pulled them away from his neck, inserting the knife down the collar. He pulled the knife tightly against the fabric and the knife was so sharp it parted the cloth relatively easily. Krycek cut the clothing until it was slit all the way down the back. He then did the same to each sleeve, inserting the point of the knife at the back of Mulder's hand and drawing the knife along the back of Mulder's arm to the large slit up the back. Once both sleeves had been cut, Mulder's clothing fell away, exposing his smooth back. Krycek ran his hands up and down Mulder's back, leaning to whisper in his ear. "Now I can get at you, Foxy," he sighed his breath into Mulder's ear. Mulder shivered and tensed his entire body at Krycek's touch.
"Fine with me, Fox, stiffen up--but eventually things will change, you know. Or maybe you don't. I never *did* get a handle on just how perverted you are while we were partners. All I ever saw  were your stroke books and vids. Pretty tame stuff. But maybe you never showed me the good ones? Huh, Fox? Any dark secrets? Ever walk on the wild side? Answer me!" Krycek had moved around the frame while he was talking and now stood waiting in front of Mulder, his face maybe an inch away from the other man. Mulder's beautiful lips were pressed tightly shut and he just shook his head at Krycek, refusing to speak.
"Maybe you need some incentive to cooperate with me, Fox." Krycek said and secured a short pair of pincers. He picked up a coal from the brazier and walked back in front of Mulder, relishing how new fear swept over Mulder's face at the sight. Mulder began to sweat. Krycek stepped closer to him and brought the coal toward one of his tiny crinkled nipples. A few hairs on Mulder's chest sparked up and disappeared, making Mulder gasp and leaving a smell of burnt hair.
"How perverted are you, Fox? Answer me! Have you ever had sex with a man?" Mulder shook his head once, sharply.
"No? Not even in England?" Mulder shook his head again.
"Not even with that ape Skinner?" Mulder jerked back and shook his head no, but still refused to speak.
"Ever practiced BDSM with anyone?" Mulder hesitated, but then shook no.
"Now, you hesitated that time. What did you mean by that? SPEAK!!" Krycek shouted suddenly, and pressed the coal against Mulder's chest just above his left nipple then immediately pulled it back, noting the small raising blister. Mulder shouted, more in fear than in pain and jerked back as far as he could in his bonds, gasping.
"I want you to speak, Mulder," Krycek's voice dropped to a low growl and he brought the coal up to Mulder's face, closer and closer to his cheek.
"No, no....I don't know." Mulder gasped out, stiff as a board, his eyes locked on the coal.
"Come on now! You know what I mean. Have you ever given or received pain during sex, have you tied anyone up or been tied. I KNOW you understand domination since you've been all over *me,* especially when I was handcuffed. Well?" Krycek blew on the coal, fanning the heat into Mulder's face.
Mulder blinked and swallowed, his adam's apple bobbing convulsively. "I...I...I h-have bitten people, women....and been bitten...and I have tied a person, woman....up with a rope once...and I... used my handcuffs a few times. Happy?" Mulder sucked in air and looked at Krycek's eyes, trying for some advance warning if Krycek intended to burn him again. He loathed fire, and he loathed that Krycek knew he did. His chest stung, but he knew it was a minor burn. His fear level didn't drop, however.
"Now that wasn't so hard, was it?" Krycek gloated and pulled the coal back from Mulder's face. Mulder's relief was palpable.  "But you didn't mention me, unless that's what you meant by using your 'handcuffs a few times.'" Krycek glared into Mulder's face. "But if we were 'sharing a moment,' I should have at least gotten a kiss. Kiss me now to make up for it."
Mulder's look was incredulous and his mouth dropped open slightly in shock. Krycek moved the coal close to Mulder's face again, and leaned his own face closer. "Kiss me, Mulder. I'm a very good kisser, and with that mouth, you should be, too." He placed his mouth on Mulder's softly, barely there, feeling Mulder tremble at the touch and pushed ever so slightly forward. Mulder suddenly jerked his head way back and let out an inarticulate howl of rage and pain and fear and humiliation and.....what? Mental anguish of another kind? Mulder brought his head forward onto his chest, avoiding Krycek's eyes and sucked in big shaky gasps of air while the Commandant and guards laughed slyly.
Krycek laughed, too, feeling Mulder's torment. The kiss had been very sweet and Mulder wasn't handling it very well. Krycek couldn't keep the grin off his face as he put the coal back in the brazier and put the set of pincers down. He walked over to the wall where the whips and rods were hung and debated which one to use first, letting Mulder calm down a little. //Ah, a nice soft suede cat// he thought to himself, wondering why such a light warm-up tool was here in an *actual* dungeon. He glanced at their audience and figured this room was probably used for more than mere "interrogations."
Krycek picked up the suede cat-o'nine-tails and swung it back and forth, gauging its heft and balance. He slapped it lightly against his leg and walked behind Mulder, whose head was still down on his chest. Mulder was breathing heavily and sagging a bit in his bonds and they hadn't even *started* yet. Mulder definitely needed a wake-up call. Krycek raised the flogger and started a rotating motion with his wrist that brought the tails of the cat in contact with Mulder's back lightly and smoothly and nearly continuously. He rotated his wrist and arm faster and brought more power into each stroke as Mulder's head raised up off his chest and his back arched away from the lashes. But Krycek was still only "tickling" him, teasing him, slowly raising Mulder's threshold of pain as his endorphin level rose, as his *arousal* level rose. Krycek began a cris-cross stroke with more force, bringing the blows from one shoulder to the other back and forth, one side of Mulder's back to the other, careful not to wrap around his torso, keeping the focus on his back from neck to the top of his jeans. Mulder's panting grew louder as the strokes kept coming and coming, not stopping, changing from one side to the other. He was panting now in time with each stroke, and Krycek knew it was time to switch to a heavier tool. His "playmate" was warmed up enough.
Mulder's gasps lost their rhythm when Krycek stopped the cat's motion, but he nearly dislocated his shoulders jumping away from Krycek's hands as they now smoothed over his back, feeling the heat and rubbing the already-fading red marks his flogging had caused on Mulder's back. "You did really well, Mulder. But that is just the beginning. You should be feeling kind of light headed now, kind of warm and unfocused, are you?"
Mulder nodded before he could stop himself and Krycek laughed. He ran his hand around Mulder's waist to his stomach and lightly brushed the front of his jeans, pulling away quickly before Mulder could react. There was definitely a "presence" there, and Krycek nodded to himself. Krycek went back to the wall of weapons and put the suede cat back up. He now picked a heavy,  braided leather cat with knots on each tail.
"Foxy, my boy, now *this* is going to sting." Krycek said as he returned to his spot behind Mulder. Krycek  was now oblivious to their audience, he didn't care if they ever confirmed his "identity." All he was thinking about right now  was manipulating Mulder's emotions and physical reactions by inflicting pain on him. Krycek wanted him to cry, to sob, to beg, to sigh, and finally to submit and obey, and if necessary he would use every tool in this room and every trick he had learned over the years to make that happen. He swished the new tougher cat a few times and then began the same flogging motions as with the suede, but this time Mulder nearly leaped out of his skin. He shouted in pain and leaned as far away as possible as the stinging thuds kept coming in an inexorable rhythm that overwhelmed his senses. Mulder squirmed and writhed, jerked, tried to squat, tried to stand on his toes, shook his head over and over, but the flogging never stopped or faltered. It only increased, harder, faster, the rhythm more solid and immutable. There were sparks before Mulder's eyes, he could only hear the blood rushing back and forth in his head, he felt like he had left the floor and was floating, he didn't know he was moaning in time to the strokes, he was blind and deaf. A tingle began at the back of his skull and traveled down his spine and then into his groin, where it settled warmly. Krycek kept the movement of the cat steady, allowing Mulder to ride the sensation, not jarring him or knocking him off his inner balance. Krycek had never scened with such a quickly responsive partner, even the ones who *weren't* forced. Mulder was a natural; he was feeling everything that Krycek wanted him to feel. Krycek pushed his will out to Mulder with every stroke of the flogger. //You *will* feel this, you *will* deal with this, you *will* face this, you *will* take this// Krycek chanted in his head in time to the strokes. Krycek was beginning to pant with exertion and Mulder was rocking gently in his bonds now, not trying to get away anymore, just moving with each blow.
Krycek slowed down gradually and finally stopped, stepping forward immediately to run his hands over Mulder's body and this time Mulder was so inwardly-directed he didn't jerk away. He was stoned on more than just the injected drug; he was also feeling the effects of endorphins, the body's own natural pain killers that had changed the pain of the flogging to a bizarre, mind-numbing pleasure. Mulder tilted his head back and sighed as Krycek rubbed and soothed his flesh; he forgot to be angry and tense. Just as Krycek had predicted.
"Mulder, you have no idea how good you are, how exciting it is to flog you." Krycek whispered into Mulder's ear, licking the rim and feeling the shivers run down the body in his arms. He put both hands on Mulder's hips and then slid them forward to cup and fondle Mulder's now hard cock and vulnerable testes through his pants, readjusting them more comfortably.  Krycek could feel Mulder beginning to tense up again at these liberties, gathering the energy to protest, and quickly whispered "No, baby, don't move. Don't move. I'll tell you when I'm going to hurt you again and it's not right now." Mulder relaxed and let his next-to-worst enemy fondle and caress his genitals.
Mulder didn't know how he came to be feeling so light, so relaxed, so free. How did being chained and whipped let one's spirit loose? He had studied sadomasochism, of course, but had never experienced *this.* This was nearly a transcendent experience, like what he had read happened to religious seekers and pilgrims. He didn't know if he felt this way because he was drugged and helpless, because someone else was in control, because of Krycek's skill, because this was how being flogged always felt, or if his mind had just given up and packed it in. All he knew was that for the first time in so long, so very long, he wasn't in emotional turmoil. His mind seemed calmer, his heart either freed of it's burdens or just carrying them better. He felt a strange kind of peace, and was oddly grateful to Krycek for giving it to him.
Krycek kissed Mulder's earlobe and his neck and Mulder gave in with a slow sigh and tilted his head to allow Krycek more room. Krycek lavished kisses on both sides of Mulder's sensitive neck in reward, feeling him tremble at his touch, sucking his earlobes, licking the back of his neck. Krycek was on a Power high from Mulder's capitulation and felt invincible. Nothing was going to stop him from taking Mulder all the way. Nothing. Not even his growing feeling of tenderness toward him.
Krycek gave the back of Mulder's neck one more kiss and let go of Mulder's cock at the same time. //No more kisses for *you*// he thought. He expected a moan (of protest?) and Mulder gave him one. Krycek sighed with satisfaction and went to the wall again, looking for his next tool. He decided on a rod of flexible plastic wrapped in leather--a wicked weapon that could slice or tear flesh in the wrong hands. Krycek knew how to use it properly to the best effect and he was much better with a rod than trying to use the single tail whips the guards routinely wielded on the prisoners. He hung the cat up and took the rod back behind Mulder again.
"Mulder, remember I said I'd tell you when I was going to hurt you again?" Krycek waited to see if Mulder would reply.
"Yes," Mulder said, softly, barely audible.
"I'm going to hurt you again." Krycek stepped back and took a running step and lashed out with the rod at the middle of Mulder's back.
Mulder shrieked this time. He didn't scream, he didn't bellow, he shrieked. The pain was so intense he forgot how to breathe. He tried to inhale to shriek some more, but couldn't. Before he could get his breath back, Krycek had struck again, this time across his shoulders. Mulder felt like his head would come off. He began to cry, tears leaking down his face. The only way he could get air in his lungs was to sob it in. Krycek landed blow after blow, all between the middle of his back and his shoulders. He could feel his skin puffing up, swelling and welting in response. He couldn't control his body anymore. It was doing whatever it wanted to do, jerking back and forth, while he just tried to learn to breath again and bear the pain. He was grunt/sobbing continuously now and trying to scream with each new slash of the rod. Would Krycek ever stop? Would Krycek kill him this way? If he couldn't get air soon, he would die.
Just as he knew he couldn't bear another slash, Krycek stopped and began a new pattern of comparatively light taps. Tap, tap, tap, tap, all over his back and buttocks. Tap, tap, tap, a bit harder in counterpoint to the continuous stinging pain from the welts. Tap, tap, tap. Oh, he was going to go insane. He suddenly began gasping for air again, he could breath again. He took deep lungfulls and tried to hunch away from the pain in his own flesh, but it was a part of him now. Krycek had created it and then given it to him and it was his to deal with. Krycek stepped forward to him again and massaged his waist, deliberately not soothing the fire in his upper back. Mulder sagged into him, trying to rub his shoulders against him, to make him take some of the pain back, but  Krycek moved away, refusing.
"Hold still now." Krycek said and Mulder obeyed instantly. He reached around in front of Mulder to the front of his jeans and began to undo them, expecting Mulder to panic. Mulder panicked. "Hush, hush. I'm not going to hurt you there. Yet.  And  I will always tell you when," he whispered soothingly into Mulder's ear. He licked up Mulder's tears where they had trickled down his face and neck.
Krycek stopped opening Mulder's fly and pondered whether to interrupt the flow of the scene to have the guards move Mulder to the wooden horse, or if he should test the limits of Mulder's new submission by moving him himself. He tasted Mulder's skin, made salty from tears and sweat, and decided to exercise his own control and keep the guards out of it. "Fox, I am going to take you down from here and move you to a new location. You will not move except as I tell you, and then you will do it instantly. Is that clear?" Krycek whispered calmly but firmly.
Mulder's chest hitched in a half sigh, half sob and he nodded, his eyes screwed tightly shut.
Krycek looked over at the Commandant and requested the keys to the frame's shackles, explaining that he wanted to move Mulder to the wooden horse. The Commandant nodded in agreement and a guard stepped forward with the keys in his hand. Krycek took the key ring and quickly waved the guard back. He didn't want the guard invading his space.
He went back over to Mulder and while he unlocked Mulder's feet, he looked up at the long curve of his lean back, at the welts and stripes he had put on Mulder's flesh. //I made this// Krycek thought to himself with a tight jolt of pride. He unlocked the other ankle and stood in front of Mulder to unlock his stretched arms. "When I release this arm, Fox, you will immediately put it behind your back and freeze. Clear?" Krycek asked as the shackle snapped open and Mulder's left arm was free. Mulder did as he was told and bent the arm around to his back and then held his position, his head down and eyes staring glassily at the floor. Krycek unlocked the other arm and brought it down, holding Mulder's wrist and using his arm as a leash to lead him to the horse. Krycek watched every movement of the other man's body, ready to catch Mulder if he fell but also ready to beat him to the ground if he attacked. He held tightly to the sweaty wrist and towed Mulder across the room to the horse and brought him forward and down to lean his upper belly and chest against the leather-covered wood. This was not the thick, benign leather gymnastic horse or the simple, slender wooden saw horse. This horse had a much more sinister use--specifically for restraining prisoners in a bent-at-the-waist position.
"Let your arms hang down in front of the horse, Fox," Krycek ordered, and came around quickly to put Mulder's wrists into the cuffs affixed to the horse's legs midway to the floor.  Once Mulder was secure in the front, bent over the frame of the horse, upper stomach on the leather and wrists caught tight in the cuffs, Krycek stepped behind him and began to unfasten Mulder's jeans again, facilitated by the sizable gap between Mulder's legs and the horse.
Mulder gave out a low moan, swallowed, then said with forced mildness, "Don't do this, Krycek."
"Oh, but I want to, Fox" Krycek replied with a smile, drawing Mulder's zipper down. "I guarantee you we will *both* enjoy this." As he said the final word, he ground his hips against Mulder's vulnerable backside, letting him feel his hard prick.
Mulder didn't try to squirm away, knowing that his futile wriggling would only stimulate Krycek further. Mulder was coming down off his endorphin/drug high now and was feeling numb and lethargic. Even thinking was taking too much energy. It was easier to just "go away" in his own mind, hide in a dark corner of his own consciousness, than it was to try to fight and lose, as he knew he would. He sighed and tears slipped out from under his closed lids.
Krycek pulled Mulder's jeans and boxers down the narrow hips, teasing himself by revealing the rest of Mulder's body slowly. Mulder had a gorgeous ass, but then Krycek didn't really expect anything different after seeing him in his speedo at the pool when they were partners. He continued to slide the jeans and shorts down Mulder's legs and calves, bunching them up around his ankles. Krycek then tackled Mulder's shoes and socks, lifting one leg at a time with no protest from Mulder, pulling the wadded clothes off in one mass and tossing them behind him, Mulder's shoes clunking against the floor.
Mulder was bared in all his glory, bent over the wooden horse, shackled and tamed, quiescent but beginning to shift slightly in discomfort, trying to keep his head up. Krycek walked in a slow circle around the horse, savoring the sight. The welts and stripes on Mulder's back, some rapidly becoming blue bruises were marks of Krycek's ownership, power, and dominance. He reached out and rubbed the painful-looking marks and Mulder moaned. He ran his hands down Mulder's back to his buttocks, cupping and squeezing the resilient flesh, testing the muscle below the smooth skin as Mulder tensed. Krycek stepped up and wedged his erect, jeans-covered cock between the cheeks of Mulder's ass and grabbed the sharp points of his hip bones, pulling back hard. He became aware of a low sound and looked around at the guards, but they just stared back with bright eyes, leering. He let go of Mulder's hips and leaned around the side of the horse, looking at Mulder's now upside down face.
Mulder had his eyes squinted tightly closed and was shaking his head back and forth, saying "no no no no no no no no no no no" under his breath over and over again. His face was dusky pink and sweaty, or tear streaked, it was hard to tell. Krycek felt a small stab of pity, but quickly suppressed it, remembering that this was the man who hit and punched him with violent glee at every opportunity. It was payback time.
Krycek stood up and went over to the large tables along the wall and once again checked over his options. He wanted something to help focus Mulder's attention, something to keep him from wandering away into his own head. He picked up some thongs of soft leather and was inspired. He went back behind Mulder and suddenly reached between his legs and grabbed his cock, still hard despite Mulder's obvious distress. Mulder jumped and clamped his legs closed, until Krycek slapped him hard on the ass and ordered him to relax. Mulder obeyed and Krycek watched his handprint emerge in bright pink on Mulder's ass cheek.
"I told you that I would let you know when I was going to hurt you again, didn't I?" Krycek said, fondling the length of Mulder's penis from behind and cupping his tightly drawn up balls. "Okay, well, this may or may not hurt, but I'm going to tie some leather thongs around you and pull them tight." He crouched down and forced Mulder to spread his legs apart by pinching the insides of his thighs until he moved the way Krycek wanted him to. Krycek wrapped one length of leather thong around the base of Mulder's cock several times as tightly as he could, effectively creating a cockring. He took Mulder's testicles in one hand and pulled the sack back, making Mulder grunt and flinch but not close his legs.  Krycek then put a loop of the thong around the very top of Mulder's scrotum and pulled it tight, drawing one end of the leather up between the two balls, twisting the end through the loop and pulling as hard as he could to separate the testicles. Krycek tied the two thongs together as tightly as possible and then stood up and backed away, still holding the free ends of the thongs. Mulder had to stretch his whole body back to lessen the pull on his penis and testicles. He drew his legs back, now standing on tip toe, and began to groan as Krycek kept pulling.
"So, I guess this did turn out to hurt, after all, huh, Fox?" Krycek smiled, enjoying Mulder's attempts to ease the stretch of his genitals and the resultant play of muscles in his buttocks and legs. "Well, I guess I have your full attention now, don't I? You had better answer me!" Krycek punctuated the last command with a sharp yank on the thongs. Mulder groaned louder.
"Yes, you...h-have my attention," Mulder growled through clenched teeth.
"I have your attention...what?" Krycek demanded with another jerk of the thongs. "I think you are in a position where  you need to show respect, don't *you* think so?" Another sharp pull. "Say 'yes, Sir' when you reply to me, Mulder." Another yank.
"Yes,  S-ss-ss-IR!!!" Mulder howled as Krycek yanked hard on the thongs, making him feel like his cock and balls were about to be torn off his body.
"Now that's definitely an improvement," Krycek said smugly and let go of the thongs. He turned to the Commandant, who was sitting cooly in his chair watching the show, unlike the guards who were to a man rubbing lumps in their pants, and asked for lubricant. It was time. He couldn't wait any longer to take Mulder.
The Commandant pointed to a box on one of the tables of implements. Krycek opened the box and found several tubes of lube, some having already been opened. He picked up a new tube and unscrewed the cap, squeezing out a tiny bit of gel onto his hand, rubbing it between his fingers. It was odorless and colorless. Just like a generic KY. Perfect.
Krycek went back over to Mulder and ran his hands over Mulder's fine ass, trussed cock and balls, and smooth legs. He put the tube of lubricant on the horse next to Mulder's right hip and began to unfasten his own pants, stripping them off and pulling off his socks and shoes as well. He wanted to feel Mulder's buttocks and legs against his skin, and besides he hated men who fucked with their socks on.
"Foxy my boy, you are about to get fucked to within an inch of your life." Naked from the waist down, only wearing his T-shirt, Krycek cuddled up against Mulder's back, draping himself as far over him as he could. Mulder groaned from Krycek's weight grinding his diaphragm into the horse, making it hard to breathe.
"No, please," Mulder whispered.
"No, please...what?" Krycek asked, driving two fingers up into Mulder's side, just below his armpit and into a very sensitive bundle of nerves at the edge of his shoulder blade. Mulder shouted in pain and tried to arch up to throw Krycek off him, but Krycek just dug his fingers in deeper. "I'm not stopping until you say it, Mulder." Krycek grinned evily.
"No, please...Sir." Mulder yelled. "Don't do this. I'm sorry for everything I have ever done to you, Krycek, I am, I really am..I..." Mulder stopped, biting his tongue, humiliated that he had begged, that he had even tried it. He *knew* nothing short of a bomb blast would stop what was going to happen to him.
Krycek didn't bother to answer Mulder, he just reached for the lube, squeezing out a goodly amount onto his fingers. He decided to be kind and stretch Mulder's anus before he entered him with his cock. //I really am too nice to you, Mulder// Krycek thought, nearly giddy with lust and power //But you *have* been such a good boy so far//. He rubbed  the slick fingers of his right hand into Mulder's ass crack, feeling for the tiny opening. "Are you a virgin back here, Mulder?" Krycek asked. "And you had better respond properly."  He reached between Mulder's legs with his other hand and grabbed the dangling thongs, pulling gently.
"Yes, Sir." Mulder said  quickly but with no inflection, determined not to show any more emotion that could be used against him and humiliate himself even further.
"Then I'll be gentle. And you'll be properly grateful, hear me?" Krycek pulled the thongs one more time and let them go again, putting his hand on Mulder's ass cheek and digging his thumb into the crease to open Mulder up for his fingers.
Mulder held still, rigid as a board as one of Krycek's fingertips penetrated his rectum and he gasped, trembling. The finger stopped for a moment, then slid smoothly all the way inside. Mulder let out every bit of air in his lungs in a low, surprised "Ahhhhh" at the bizarre sensation. It didn't hurt, but it felt so strange. He sucked air back into his body as Krycek began to move his finger in and out slowly, trying to relax his sphincter. He felt Krycek slip another finger up inside him and that hurt, causing him to involuntarily clench his ass around Krycek's fingers and try to move away from the probing. Krycek stroked his back with his left hand and began to slowly fuck him with the two fingers of his right hand. Mulder felt his stomach muscles quivering and his balls trying to draw up in their leather prison. "Oh....ah.... no," Mulder said under his breath, hoping Krycek didn't hear him.
Krycek moved his fingers slowly and smoothly and began to look for Mulder's prostate. His fingers curled downwards, feeling for the hardness of the gland, finding it, and then giving it a firm *rub* that sent spasms through Mulder's legs and caused him to groan aloud.
"Hah! Gotcha. Felt good, didn't it, Foxy boy?" Krycek said triumphantly as he set up a rhythm where he probed and then *rubbed* on alternate strokes. //How does he know how it feels// thought Mulder //unless he's been fucked up the ass himself// That thought, along with the movement of Alex's fingers in his ass, made Mulder's cock throb against its bindings, sending bolts of pleasure through him. //Oh, no. Not that. Anything but that// Mulder thought //I can handle the pain and humiliation-- certainly have enough practice--but to feel pleasure from my own rape is too fucking much// Mulder moaned softly.
"I am so sure I have your attention, Foxy, that I am going to take the bindings off your cock so you can come really good for me, aren't I nice?" Krycek said the last in a tone that dripped sarcasm. He pulled his fingers from Fox's asshole and wiped them on the man's hip. He reached between Mulder's legs and began to undo the bindings, finding it tough going.
"Looks like I'm going to have to cut them off, Mulder. The bindings,  not your balls. Ha! Had you going there for a second, didn't I?" Krycek snickered and walked over to the table, selected a smaller knife than the one that he had used to cut Mulder's shirts off, and returned to his victim. He crouched down and carefully cut the thongs around Mulder's cock and balls, not even nicking him once, feeling Mulder's involuntary tremors at the thought of a knife so close to his genitals in the hands of his enemy.
Once all the thongs dropped away, Krycek gently massaged Mulder's penis and testicles, enjoying how heavy and responsive they were. The penis bobbed and smacked against Mulder's lower belly and the skin on his scrotum crawled, drawing his balls up close to the base of his penis. //Oh, that feels too good// Mulder thought, desperately trying to shift his focus away from the rubbing, teasing hands on his cock (someone else's hands for a change) and onto something else, anything else. His mind flashed on Scully and he recoiled in horror. He didn't want to bring her into this even in his own mind. He thought of the cockroach in the soup and  with that image was able to grasp a bit of self control. He felt Krycek enter him again with two fingers then slowly open them wide inside him, then pull out with his fingers still spread causing another bite of pain.
"Okay, I think you are loose enough. I don't want you too loose, after all. I want to feel you clamping around my dick, Foxy, making me come " Krycek said in a jovial tone,  lubing his cock and moving into position behind Mulder, spreading his cheeks and rubbing the head of his penis on Mulder's anus, beginning to press inside. "Don't worry about anything, Mulder, I'm clean. I've got test results from before to prove it and I haven't gotten laid recently, what with being on the run, locked up in a missile silo and left to die, then joining that militia and all." Krycek snorted. "And I know *you're* clean. Can't pick up too many diseases from phone sex and beating off, can  you, Fox?" Krycek smiled as he felt the head of his penis enter Mulder's tight ass.
"Aghhh" Mulder cried out, squirming as much as he could to get away, then shaking his head from side to side knowing it was futile. Nothing he could do would stop the invader. It felt so huge,  like a baseball bat was being shoved up him. He was in severe pain and it was getting worse. "No no no no
..stop....stop...please...I can't take it...stop," he finally choked out,
sobbing in agony. Krycek responded by slowing his assault and by pulling back a little for every bit of ground he gained. In this manner, he slowly rocked his way balls deep into FBI Special Agent Fox Mulder.
"Oh, God, Fox, you are so tight and hot," Krycek moaned, head thrown back, not moving,  just feeling the slick hot muscles of Mulder's asshole clamp his cock like a vise.
"Uh, uh, uh, uh," Mulder pant/groaned. He tried to will his ass to relax and accept the invader so that the pain wouldn't be so bad. Gradually, since Krycek seemed content to hold still, Mulder's involuntary muscles did relax and his pain did ease considerably. Mulder had broken out in a cold sweat as he was penetrated by a penis for the first time and he shivered. The only parts of him that were warm were his burning rectum forced open around Alex Krycek's cock and his buttocks and backs of his legs in contact with Alex's hot body.
With a sharp hissing intake of breath, Alex withdrew from Mulder's ass just to the head of his cock and then slowly repenetrated as gently as possible. Both men sighed when Alex was once again buried up Fox's ass. Krycek rubbed Mulder's ass and hips, grinding his own hips forward to get his cock  as far into the other man as possible. "Oh, this is better than I ever imagined it would be, Mulder," Krycek said in a dreamy tone of voice, and began to fuck Mulder's spread open ass with all the skill and care he knew.
Mulder clamped his teeth down hard on his tongue and breathed in spastic bursts through his nose as he was repeatedly rammed full of cock and then emptied, shoved full, then out, in, out, grind, grind, out, back in hard, hard, out again, this time completely. He panted open-mouthed at the withdrawal, his anus trying to twitch itself closed. Then Alex was back, repenetrating him, this time with no pain at all. None. Just an indescribable pleasure as he was opened and used, Krycek's penis hitting his prostate and giving him even more jolts of pure pleasure. He couldn't take any more. //Come soon, you bastard, come so you don't make me come// Mulder thought, absurdly convinced that this incident would never have ended up having happened at all if he could only refrain from coming. No orgasm would equal complete deniability.
"Oh, this is too good, Mulder," Krycek groaned, holding Mulder's hip bones in his hands and laying over him, twisting his own hips so that his cock rotated and ground into Mulder's fiery clinging ass. Mulder was so good to fuck, Krycek forgot where he was and where and why this was happening. They might have been lovers for all Krycek cared. All he knew was that he had never felt anything as intensely pleasurable as Fox Mulder's squeezing asshole. He began a steady rhythm that he knew  would make him come fairly soon, but he couldn't help it. He had to. He reared back, spread his feet slightly for leverage, grabbed hold of Mulder's hips even tighter and proceeded to fuck the hell out of him.
Mulder couldn't believe what was going on either. He didn't think anything could feel *this* good. His mind refused to analyze what was happening to him. He could only feel it. As Alex's thrusts became harder and more demanding, Mulder spread his legs and pushed back toward him, opening to him without conscious thought, moving instinctively. Suddenly, without his cock even being touched, he began to come, shooting with incredible force, spraying the wood in front of him with his semen, having the come literally fucked out of him. The power of his climax made him try to arch up and he cried and moaned in frustration when the cuffs on his hands prevented him from doing so.  He had never come so hard in his life. He moaned and twisted his body as much as he could, writhing in unwanted, hated pleasure.
Krycek felt Mulder's orgasm through the squeezing of his ass muscles and the movement of his hips. The nearly sucking pull of Mulder's ass plus knowing that he had made him come pushed Krycek over the edge and he shot his come again and again into Fox's bowels. It seemed he would never stop coming.  He slowly fell forward and rested against Mulder's back, feeling his cock twitch in response to Mulder's internal shivers.
Both men lay panting with exertion, covered with sweat,  feeling the post-orgasm lethargy stealing into their limbs. Krycek knew he should get Mulder up off the wooden horse. For some reason (maybe the fact that Fox was the fuck of Alex's lifetime thus far),  Krycek now felt solicitous toward Mulder and wanted to get him out of his uncomfortable position. He very slowly and carefully pulled his still hard penis out of Mulder's stretched rectum. He stood for a few moments breathing hard and then bent to examine Mulder's anus for signs of trauma. Luckily, there were no visible injuries, just a dilated hole where before the orifice had been tightly shut. Krycek rose and walked around to the front of the horse, looking at the back of Mulder's head as he let it hang down. Krycek grabbed the discarded key ring, found the cuff keys, then unlocked the cuffs on the horse. He tenderly took hold of Mulder's shoulders and began to raise him up, holding him and supporting him back and off the wooden horse to lie on the floor near his wadded up clothing.
Krycek then did something he had no reason to do. He picked Mulder's upper body partially off the floor and cradled him in his arms. He leaned down and began to kiss Fox softly and slowly and with a great deal of care. Mulder shivered and returned the kiss with dreamy intensity until it was an open expression of....what?....*shared* passion, some kind of *mutual* connection? The thought suddenly jolted Mulder out of his daze and he pulled back from the man, the enemy,  who had raped him, crawling naked a few paces away from him across the floor to his own clothing. With his back to him, Mulder didn't see the look of hurt and regret in Krycek's eyes.
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Author's note: Everything that comes before the "@@@" is mine. After that, CC and FS take up the dialog again while I provide the descriptions and thoughts. I'm trying for a seamless slide back into "Terma."
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Krycek sighed and gathered up his pants, putting them on in a sudden hurry. He watched Mulder trying to put his own jeans back on without standing up. //Probably too weak to get up// Krycek thought, oddly proud that he'd worn Mulder out but melancholy at the same time. //At least I know it was good for him, too// he mused, zipping his fly.
"Here, let me help you," Krycek offered, trying to pull Mulder off the floor, but Mulder bared his teeth and slapped at him, knocking his hands away.
"Don't you touch me again," Mulder growled furiously, unconsciously echoing Krycek's own words earlier in their cell.
When the guards saw Mulder attempting to get his clothing back on, the guards, who until this time had been content to watch the show from their place at the wall, simultaneously moved toward Mulder. They weren't going to let him get dressed before they had their fun with him, too.
Krycek began yelling at the guards, stepping between the three of them and Mulder, who had scrabbled back and pulled himself up using the horse and was shoving his feet quickly into his pants legs, not bothering with his boxers, socks or shoes. Mulder didn't need to speak Russian to know exactly what the guards wanted. They wanted him...his sore, no-longer-virgin ass to be precise. He pulled his jeans up and zipped his fly, almost catching himself in the zipper in his haste, and feeling absurdly comforted by one mere layer of cloth. He was also shocked at Krycek's sudden protective behavior, as Krycek stood between him and the guards, still yelling at them, beginning to crouch into a fighting stance.
Krycek feinted left, but then lunged to his right, toward one of the implement tables. He snatched up one of the knives lying there, brandishing it menacingly while growling in Russian. Mulder was leaning shakily against the wooden horse, trying to gather enough strength to get a knife of his own. Before he could make his move, the guards began a flanking maneuver to get around Krycek and grab him.
A sharp order rang out and everyone turned to the Commandant, who rose from his chair and walked toward Krycek as the guards very reluctantly backed off. The Commandant made a placating gesture at Krycek while speaking calmly. Krycek, however,  glared at the guards and continued waving his weapon in short arcs. Mulder watched the Commandant's face over Krycek's shoulder as the man spoke in a friendly and casual tone, obviously trying to convince Krycek to put down the knife.
The Commandant turned to two of the guards and barked orders. The guards shot resentful looks at Krycek and left the room, slamming the door on the way out. Krycek relaxed a bit and Mulder let out a sigh of relief, watching the remaining guard  who was now busying himself pouring a bucket of sand or ash on the coals in the brazier. The man glared under his brow at Krycek and his Commandant, obviously furious to have been denied his turn at Mulder. He caught Mulder looking at him and pursed his lips in a kiss. Mulder frowned at him in disgust and moved behind the wooden horse. Mulder turned his attention back to the conversation between his erstwhile rapist/now protector and the Commandant of the gulag.
Krycek pointed at Mulder and shook his head at the Commandant, making a cutting gesture with the knife in emphasis. The Commandant laughed and explained something in a reassuring manner. Krycek now relaxed and lowered the knife to his side and turned to smile at Mulder.  "Mulder, its okay. He's really going to let us go," Krycek said,  slipping the knife carefully into his back pocket. "This guard is going to take you back to the cell while the Commandant and I work out some details. I'll come and get you in a bit and we'll leave this place."
"Yeah, right, Krycek. I don't trust you for a second! How do I know you'll come and get me again? Why can't I just stay with you?" Mulder said belligerently, damned if he was going back into that stinking cell.
"While I am touched that you don't want to part from me," Krycek said sarcastically "the Commandant doesn't want you around inflaming his guards. He wants you safely out of sight until we're ready to leave."
"Uh huh. I'm fucking irresistible, aren't I, Krycek? Gotta lock me up to restore discipline among the guards. I'm not buying it, you bastard. I'm *not* going back into that cell!" A muscle jumped in Mulder's jaw as he clamped his teeth and stared defiantly into Krycek's hated face.
"Yes, you are irresistible, you *must* know that," Krycek said quietly, without a trace of sarcasm. "Look, I know you don't trust me. You have no reason to. But I *swear* to you, Mulder, I will get us both out of here. I have to work on this guy, get friendly, make some deals, and I can't do that if I have to keep 'defending your honor' from every horny guard in this dump!"
"I'll watch my own ass, Krycek," Mulder said with false bravado, knowing that he was too weak and hurt to effectively defend himself. He hated being so vulnerable. He balled his fists and dug his nails into his palms, using the pain to try to clear his head. "I don't need your protection. Just do what you have to do with this guy to get us out of here......I want to go h-home." Mulder fiercely swallowed back the sudden, desperately-unwanted tears that ambushed him and made his voice break.
Krycek shook his head sadly, finding himself genuinely moved by Mulder's distress. "It's not going to work that way, Mulder." He said softly. "You *have* to go back to the cell. You'll be safe there."  Krycek wanted to reach out to Mulder and erase that hurt, frightened, angry look on his face with a tight embrace. He was actually feeling remorse for what he had done to the man. He had given in to his own worst impulses, taken advantage of the situation to get back at Mulder, and now his victory only left a bad taste in his mouth. He wondered if Mulder had ever felt sorry for treating *him* badly. //What difference does that make now?// Krycek thought, disgusted with himself.  //Turns out payback was a bitch for *both* of us//
Mulder sensed Krycek's mood, sensed the sympathy. He looked into Krycek's eyes, trying to confirm his sincerity. Scully's every thought showed in her eyes; he could read her so easily. But Krycek was different. Krycek was a born liar and manipulator. Mulder didn't know if Krycek had ever felt an honest emotion in his life. He wanted to believe that Krycek was sorry about what happened. He wanted to believe that Krycek's going head-to-head with the guards in his defense was genuine. He knew he couldn't get out of this situation on his own and swallowed again as the sense of his abject helplessness washed over him, making his stomach muscles clench and sending a cold, sick, shiver through his body. He closed his eyes and took a deep breath, wrapping his arms around his chest and hugging himself tightly. "How long do you think it will take, Krycek?" He said without inflection, not accepting the need to be returned to his cell, but not seeing any way out.
"I don't  know, Mulder." Krycek answered. "I'll try to make it as fast as possible, believe me." He reached out and gripped Mulder's arm, giving it a gentle reassuring squeeze and was delighted when Mulder did not pull away from his touch.
Mulder forced himself not to move, to accept Krycek's attempt at comfort. //One day, Krycek, one day I'll have a chance at you again, and I *will* kill you. I will// He opened his eyes and stared calmly into the other man's eyes, face blank and expressionless, hiding his feelings behind that well-used shield.
Krycek squeezed his arm again and gave it a little pat. He turned back to the Commandant, who gestured they leave the room. The guard walked over to Mulder and gripped his arm, preparing to escort him out. Mulder pulled sharply away and shouted "Let go of me!!" Krycek glared at the guard and pushed him away from Mulder. Krycek turned to the Commandant, who issued angry orders to the guard. The guard nodded and looked sullen, then bent and picked up Mulder's and Krycek's shoes and remaining clothes, shoving them into Mulder's arms. The Commandant turned and marched from the torture chamber, followed by Krycek, then Mulder, and trailed by the guard who slammed and locked the door.
Mulder walked behind Krycek and stared at him as he moved easily down the fetid hallway. He didn't think it was possible to hate someone as much as he hated Alex Krycek. He remembered the times he had been angry with the younger man in the past, virtually every time he saw Krycek's face, actually,  with his sultry green eyes and that fuck-me, smirky mouth that Mulder just *had* to punch before he could be tempted to kiss it.. But those times paled in comparison to the anger and hatred he felt now. The fact that Krycek had beat him, raped him and made him come, as well as his near total dependence on him to get out of this place, raised his hatred level to such new intensity  that it nearly choked him. //But if you can get me out of here.........//
They stopped at his cell. The guard unlocked the door and Mulder reluctantly moved to step inside, turning to look at Krycek. Krycek smiled reassuringly at Mulder and gently grabbed his shoulder, stopping him.  He took his shoes and socks from Mulder's arms. "I think I'm going to need these," he said. Mulder only stared at him, cradling his own shoes, socks, and underwear against his chest, then he walked all the way into the cell. The cell door was shut and locked again and Mulder stood shivering shirtless and barefoot in the cold.
He sighed and wished he still had his shirts, but they were lying in shreds on the floor of the torture chamber. He sat down against the wall, careful not to hurt his bruised and welted back and sore behind, to put his balled-up socks back on his dirty feet.  The prisoner in the next cell began to talk to him. He hardly listened as the man told him a story of death. Mulder was so tired and emotionally drained  that the man's words didn't really affect him anymore. //I've heard this before, haven't I?// he thought. Right now, he was having more trouble with his socks than understanding the horror the man droned on and on about. He really wanted to just deal with his socks. His feet were cold. This was a simple problem with a simple solution, one he could handle. But his socks weren't cooperating, they were sticking and seemed to be too small. He turned his attention to the other prisoner, preparing to ask him to please shut the *fuck* up so he could concentrate on putting his socks and shoes back on, when suddenly the door to his cell slammed open. He stared glassily at the two guards as they came into the cell and the Commandant shouted orders  (again? or for the first time? he couldn't remember) and he was thrown to his stomach and yes, there was the syringe and he shouted and he passed out.
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
@@@
Mulder came awake and couldn't remember where he was. He knew he was very uncomfortable. No, actually, he was in pain. He tried to sit up, but couldn't move. He felt the end of his nose slip into something that felt like a wire hole. He opened his eyes and tried to figure out what was going on. He realized he was trapped under chickenwire, tightly bound to a rough wooden surface. It hurt his damaged back. He couldn't raise his arms, he couldn't turn his head, he couldn't see where he was. He became aware that he was still only wearing his jeans. //No shirt, no shoes, no service// he thought hysterically, his lips pressed to the wire.
A shadow passed over his head and he saw a guard walk by. Suddenly the air was filled with screams from other men. His heart began to pound rapidly, thudding in his ears, almost blotting out the screams. He looked wildly around as far as he could see and then caught sight of the end of a pipe high over his face. The pipe began to drip, then it spat a foul black substance right onto his mouth, underneath his nose. He clamped his mouth shut tightly and tried not to inhale any of the liquid up his nose. He struggled to move and get away. He wanted to wipe the crap off his face but he couldn't move his arms. The screams died just as he felt the strangest sensation. It felt like the liquid was moving on its own, over his mouth and up his nose, sliding inside him. Revolted, he lay stunned and staring until a black fog came over his vision and he just *went away.*
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
"Prisoner?  Hey, Prisoner?" the voice whispered urgently.
Mulder lay on his side in the cell. He wasn't as cold as he had remembered being before, but he was much, much sicker. He felt like he was going to throw up and his head ached. He suddenly remembered the crawling black liquid and he clutched frantically at his face. Nothing there, but now his head hurt so bad he went weak from the pain and rolled slightly onto his sore back, moaning. //Fuck, my arm hurts, too// he thought, clutching his left biceps. He rolled back onto his side and slowly sat up, trying not to be sick, still clutching his arm. From the light coming in the cell window, he guessed it was now morning. Of what day, he had no idea.
"I thought maybe you were dead," the man in the next cell said.
Mulder found that at some point he had been dressed in entirely new clothes, a prison uniform. He was curious why his left arm hurt so badly, so he pulled his uniform jacket down to look,  trying to jar his head as little as possible. "How long have I been lying here?" he asked the other prisoner.
"Hours. I don't know. The first time is bad, very bad, " the voice replied.
Mulder wondered which of his most recent "first times" had been the worst. His first torture session, his first anal rape, or his first experience as a lab rat?   //It's pretty much a toss up//  he thought numbly, looking at his left arm where there was a small bandage. He picked off the bandage to see what was underneath. His small pox vaccination scar had a small scab of blood. Not much that could account for such pain. He rolled the bandage up and tossed it away and shrugged his jacket back in place. "They've done this to you?" Mulder asked the other man
"Yes, it becomes easier each time, until it kills you," the man answered honestly.
"What did they do to me?" Mulder asked, fighting back a wave of nausea.
"You have been exposed to the 'black cancer'."
"What cancer?" Mulder crawled over to the hole in the cell wall to see the other man.
"The cancer that lives in the rock," the prisoner replied, cryptically.
"Who are you?" Mulder asked, needing a distraction from his many physical woes as much as the information.
"I was a geologist, quite well-known in my field, actually. But now, I am just a test subject."
"You helped them find the rock?" Mulder asked, his mouth filling with saliva as if he was about to vomit. He swallowed hard.
"I was there when they brought up the first fragments. This was before the mining, before we knew  what lived in Tunguska rock," the prisoner answered, almost apologetically.
Mulder clutched his face again, remembering the feel of the slithering liquid invading him. "How many men have died here?"
"Hundreds, maybe more. The search for a cure.....goes slowly." The man replied with a slight chuckle.
"Is that what they say the tests are for? To find a cure?" Mulder asked, caught up in the story now.
"No, no, they tell us nothing. We are left to guess or imagine the reasons for our torture. But.. what else could it be?
Mulder crouched on the floor, the mention of torture reminding him of Krycek again and Krycek's promise to get him out of this horror. His tiny spark of hope in Alex Krycek, that Krycek would indeed get them out, that he hadn't betrayed him yet again, that Krycek had been sincerely sorry for what he had done to him, was dying away. He had to ask.....
"What happened to the man who was in the cell with me, Krycek?" Mulder inquired, trying to fan the spark of hope.
"He is most likely dining with the men responsible for our torture," came the brutally honest reply.
Mulder closed his eyes in dispair at the confirmation of Krycek's most recent betrayal. The spark went out.
"I heard laughter when they left your cell," the prisoner continued.
Mulder opened his eyes, looking at the other man through the crack. "I'm not going to die," he said calmly.
"No?" asked the prisoner. "Why not?"
"I have to live long enough to kill that man Krycek." Mulder replied.
THE END.......
Well, this was a lot of work but a lot of fun. I wonder if CC will inspire me again?
Bye.
MULDER (slapping Krycek): Stupid-ass haircut!!
**********************************************************************
‘They’ll be saying who’s going the vault tomorrow. There’s even an Overseer already picked and I reckon I know who.’
That was Peter, sat comfortably in the house kitchen, his feet resting on the table as he chewed his toast thoughtfully. Elias looked up sharply.
‘Tomorrow? Shit, I forgot.’ He sighed, combing fingers roughly through his hair. ‘Wait. The Overseer’s been announced already?’
‘No! Not yet anyway.’ Peter chuckled with wry amusement at Elias’ panicked face. ‘But bets are high on one person. She did better than the other candidates in a peace-keeping task. And since VTU want to send their very B E S T, then they’ll go with her.’
Elias managed a chuckle at that. The way Pete said VTU perfectly matched the way he’d said B E S T. ‘Oh her. I don’t even know her name. But hey, she can keep the peace. Works for me.’
The breakfast table turned quiet. Pete gave Elias a slightly worried look. ‘Hey. You reckon you’ll be okay when it’s announced? I mean... Not everyone can go in. We know that.’
‘I know.’ Elias was quiet, his face etched with not only another mechanical ding but intense worry. ‘I mean... Will you? If we don’t get to go in, you know, together?’
Peter paused then dropped his feet off the table. Leaning forward, he grasped Elias’ hand tight. ‘Honestly? No. But I know this is for the best. Deep down, I want us in there as we are. But if it comes to it... I’m okay if only one of us gets into that vault, then gets out to make it better. Because no matter what happens out here, it won’t get better until it’s all burned down. You got me?’
Elias gave a small nod. He didn’t trust himself to say anything.
‘So one of us can go in and one of us stays out here. But we’re still together where it counts and we’ll still fight that good fight, right?’
‘I see it. Yeah. I can... see that. But.. All the same. You know which I’d rather like.’ His voice seemed small.
Peter sighed then nodded. ‘Don’t get me wrong. I know too. But they want the best. And you’re right in there if anything. I’m borderline. So I have a coin toss to help me.’ He rubbed Elias’ hand gently then managed a smile. ‘I got an idea. Let’s go to Point Pleasant. A day out. We’ll spend it not thinking about it until it happens then come back.’
‘Y-yeah... That’ll work.’ Elias managed a weak smile.
-------------------------------
It was a good day in Point Pleasant. The sun was out, the promenade was buzzing with activity. Elias stood under an umbrella, leaning on the wall as he tried to lick up the slivers of ice cream already escaping from the heat. Peter just chuckled.
‘Well eat it quicker! You always have those so slowly.’ He only smirked when Elias poked his tongue at him. ‘It’s meant to be eaten cold, not melting.’
Elias shrugged. ‘What if I like it this way? My teeth just freeze if it’s cold.’
Peter rolled his eyes then shrugged. ‘Fine.’
The next excursion was the Mothman statue. They both took turns to have pictures taken at the front and back. The back ones were most notably fun because it mainly involved the pair making appreciative gestures toward the ample rear the sculptor had given Mothman. Elias had often wondered why it wasn’t bigger himself.
As they strolled through the town, it felt peaceful. Like this was home. While many residents questioned Mothman, they sure as hell did not question the tourism it bought. Everything was Mothman themed. And the pair loved it.
They still had to walk carefully. Just good friends. Out for a day trip to see Mothman. Elias struggled with this part. It hurt to have to walk a couple of feet apart. His feet wanted to get closer.
Towards the end of the day, it turned cooler. The two of them sat on the wall nearest the bridge where the legendary Mothman had appeared. For a moment, Elias looked wistful. Then he spoke.
‘You remember when we first saw him? In the woods near Flatwoods?’
‘Yep. Vanished before we could see him properly.’ Peter looked thoughtful. ‘That was date night. You said it’d be perfect if he showed up then we saw his eyes and we chased for a picture. I think we spooked him.’
‘I remember. You said ‘Quick get the camera.’ We did and then just gone. I like to think he gave his blessing to us though.’
‘I bet he did. Then we saw him a couple of weeks later. That was near Bastion Park.’
Elias grinned. ‘Yeah! That was definitely him! No human could have made that dark shape. Or smoke. Didn’t leave any traces though.’
Pete nodded and shuffled closer. It was quietening down so a few feet apart was now just inches.’He never leaves them. Likes to keep us guessing. But it was good to see him.’
‘Just has the reputation.’ Elias sighed and rolled his eyes. ‘This country was going to shit before Mothman. Just seeing him doesn’t mean shit’s going down. He’s a creature. He’s just behaving.’
‘Hey now. Dial back that blood pressure.’ Pete rested his hand on Elias’ shoulder. ‘We know the truth. Point Pleasant kinda does. If no one else does...’ He shrugged. ‘Fuck ‘em.’
Elias visibly relaxed. ‘Yeah. Fuck ‘em. Shit, I’m going to miss this. Being able to come here, see the statue, just relax. I’ll miss the whole cryptid gig.’
Pete nodded then looked up at the darkening sky. ‘Same. It’s not been safe to do any cryptid hunting for a while. And I reckon Vault 76 isn’t gonna have any.’
Quiet again. Elias sighed. ‘Let’s go. Don’t mind saying this but I need to just forget until tomorrow.’
‘Yeah. Let’s go.’
----------------------------
Forgetting can be done by a number of ways. One involves alcohol and lots of it, but that’s generally a student-considered pastime. That had alreday been considered and was already being acted on by other members of the house share.
The way Elias much preferred had involved some alcohol but also being locked away in the bedroom and only being able to emerge with a stiff gait that would take a while to walk out. It hadn’t truly worked but he’d felt better. So had Peter if his huge grin was anything to go by.
The announcement was due on campus. By this point he was walking somewhat normally but now he was feeling stiff for another reason entirely. The successful candidates would be announced class by class so as to minimise disruption and discussion.
Simon had walked in, his expression grim. Elias had tensed up while the names were announced then it happened. He was called out. His lecturer wasn’t. Relief at once flooded his brain then was replaced by dread. Simon had simply left the room, his face going red.
The corridors were subdued. Some who hadn’t been called out were angry and held back by the security bots. But mostly it was quiet resignation from those who didn’t make it.
Those who had, the mood was mixed. Elation, joy, anything you could think of was was present. But some were in floods of tears. Best friends, people they’d known to carry them through, they wouldn’t be coming with them. It was almost too much.
Elias found Peter by the statue. Just by his expression, Elias knew the news.
‘Sorry.’ He muttered, seating himself at the base. 'I'm so sorry.'
‘It’s okay.’ Peter sounded so dejected. Elias felt his heart jump to his mouth as he leaned over for a tight hug. ‘I kinda knew it’d happen. I just... Hadn’t expected to be hit so hard.’
‘Can only prepare so much.’ Elias felt his voice practically crack.’My lecturer didn’t make it either and he practically guided me through the courses.’
Peter wiped his eyes then blew his nose noisily. ‘You made it then. You’re in. You’ll be safe when nuclera annihilation hits us all.’ He managed a smile. ‘I’m pleased for you. Really. I am. You’ll get that vault going solo, I can bet on it.’
‘Don’t talk like that.’ Elias hissed and looked away sharply as tears stung his eyes. ‘I don’t.. I don’t know how the fuck I’ll do in there. Not while knowing you’re out here.’
Peter sighed shakily and wiped his eyes. ‘Elias. Listen to me. We all knew this. Morgantown is nothing in Vault-Tec’s eyes. Beckley is too. Point Pleasant, all of it. They want the best only and they’ll get it. They’re as corporate as you can get. But the bombs when they fall... they’re crueller. They wouldn’t care who they fall on. Those left might live a bit longer. But the bombs won’t care.’ He turned red-rimmed eyes to Elias. ‘If there’s anything I’ve wanted for you, it’s safety. I want you in there. I want you safe and secure, not out here getting burned up. Go in, if not for yourself but for me. Okay?’
Elias could only nod before walls of emotion crumbled and he couldn’t stop the shaking sobs wracked through him.
-------------------------------------------------
It was time to go in to the fabled Vault 76. The days before had been hard. Elias had gone through alternate phases of numbness then outbursts of fresh and raw tears that lasted hours. But he had agreed. He’d go in for safety. Peter would find alternate arrangements, he'd said so. This would be fine. Yes. It would be fine.
Fine.
He went in with a numb expression, little hope and knowing very few of those around him.
The heavy vault doors closed. He was still numb even as he was shown his domicile. It was only when he was safe in bed, with the door closed that he gave vent to the violent sobs that he had wanted to release for so long. From the looks of it the next morning, he hadn’t been the only one.
--------------------------------
25 years later. He was back.
Out in the wilderness, Elias strolled through the remains of a small town. It was one of many smaller ones that the Ash Heap had had around it. He knew it had a name but memory was playing funny tricks with him these days.
It had ghouls in it. Fan-fucking-tastic. He sighed then crouched behind a wall, readying the power fist he carried as a secondary weapon. The Deathclaw gauntlet was close to needing repairs anyway.
Fuck. Things always needed so many repairs out here.
Gunshots came from somewhere to the west. He remained hidden. The raspy grunts and inhales told him it was Scorched. The Scorched always fought the ghouls so this made it even easier.
The gunshots continued. Ghoul moans and growls became less. Then it was quiet. Only the shuffling of feet nearing him could be heard. Elias offered up a silent prayer then whirled out.
The Scorched grunted when it saw him. Its expression changed from confusion to a snarl then back to confusion. It inhaled sharply then shuffled closer. Elias swallowed then readied the fist. Then he stopped.
The Scorched was trying to speak. They could talk. It was either ‘One of Us!’ or ‘Not us!’ But this one was saying something else.
He scanned the heavy deformed crystalline features. The fist was lowered just a little. ‘Wait... I think I know you...’ The name was on his lips befgore he could stop it. ‘Pete... What happened to you?’
It was. The crystals deformed parts of his face. But the eyes told it all. It was Peter. Elias could feel it rising up, that well of emotion. It had been dug so deep it took time but he could never forget one thing: just how that man had looked at him all that time ago.
The Scorched managed one word. ‘E-E-Elias?’ Then the eyes shifted. There had been humanity there. Now it was gone. ‘Not us!’
The words came as a slap in the face. The eyes darkened and showed nothing but bare hostility. Elias raised the power fist once again. As he spoke, he could feel his vision blurring. ‘I am so sorry.’
It was short. It was quick. It knocked what had once been Peter’s head clean off. The body thudded to the ground.
Elias stared at it with tears streaming his grimy cheeks. Kneeling down, with effort, he put his hand on a crystalline shoulder. ‘I’m so sorry. Forgive me.’
----------------------------------
The fire burned bright in the night. Peter had wanted a cremation so he was getting it. Elias stared at the flames blankly.
That was it.
His one hope.
His link to the past he hoped would survive. Gone. He’d gone through Vault 76 hoping that there’d be a reunion. That Peter would have been okay.
He’d seen the Responder camps. They’d survived. They’d managed to a degree. Peter could have been with them.
He stayed until the fire died down, until its ashes joined those of the Ash Heap. Then he stood up and he walked away.
It hadn’t been murder, he told himself. The Scorched blight had done that. It had killed Pete’s humanity. He’d only delivered the mercy killing. But it still fucking hurt.

Falling by DBKate
X/Story: 26 July 1998
ArchiveX: 30 July 1998
Falling
by DBKate
Category: Mulder/Krycek slash
Rating: NC-17
Disclaimer: Don't own 'em.  CC does.
Summary: Uh, I think this is a PWP.  Dunno.  You guys tell me. &lt;g&gt;
For Alicia.  Hope this is okay for our "gentlewoman's" agreement. :-)
Quaint Russian customs have their good moments and their bad ones.
The good ones are when the kiss of friendship hits the correct spot, at the right time, and the person receiving it knows exactly that you've given him a distinct and very clear message.
The bad ones are when your target turns his head, you miss his cheek entirely, and the kiss lands directly on his lips. It gets even worse when you realize that you aren't making any motion to pull out of the kiss, but are rather falling into it, as one would topple from a window ledge in a slow motion movie scene, gently tumbling further toward some unknown destination, either safe and soft, or harsh and deadly.
But the very worst -- or, the very best part is...
When you realize that you haven't fallen alone.
And to imagine, I'd only come here to say "hi", thought Alex Krycek, as his lips took Fox Mulder's beneath them and his tongue began to explore the insides of his mouth, stoking the velvet of his inner cheeks; feeling the rough edges of his teeth.
A fearful, cautious part of Krycek wanted to pull away, but, in whole, he was powerless to.  Especially since Mulder's hands quickly went to the lapels of his leather jacket, pushed it over his shoulders, and he heard the soft clatter of metal zippers and buckles fall to the hardwood floor. The kiss deepened, and then ended suddenly, as Krycek's lips traced their way across Mulder's jaw, with neither pair of eyes willing to meet.
"Jesus," breathed Mulder in his ear, and Krycek's cock twitched in response.
Yeah, maybe there -was- a God, Krycek thought deliriously, as his tongue worked his way down Mulder's neck, with short licks starting at the earlobe, slower and longer ones running along the taut tendons along his throat.  He fought back the urge to simply push Mulder down onto his couch, and lose himself violently within him, but instead took it slowly, his single hand beginning to roam.
With a pinch, a tug, at each nipple through the thin cotton of Mulder's t-shirt.
A gentle slide along his ribcage, hand curling behind slim hips.
There was a fast, hard pull forward, groin against groin, and he heard Mulder gasp into his collarbone.
A furtive whisper.  "Alex, I..."
"Shhhh," came the reply.  More laps along finely stubbled skin, kisses pressed against Mulder's shoulder.  "Shhh."
There was another deep kiss, and silence followed, but Mulder refused to remain passive.  Krycek felt a strong pair of hands snake their way around his own hips, grasping tightly, pulling forward and then caressing sensitive areas along his back.  There were patterns traced against bone, muscles kneaded, until Krycek's hips began to move of their own violation against Mulder's body, their cocks coming in contact, through denim and soft cotton.
It was his turn to moan, and he did so, into Mulder's mouth, the vibration keening against both pairs of lips.  Krycek could feel his control slipping, and the couch was beckoning; if only he could get Mulder there and not...
But before he could debate it any further, Mulder had pulled back and knelt before him, with both hands tugging at his zipper.
Oh, there -is- a God, Krycek thought, as he heard the grate of the metal fastener being opened and felt his jeans being tugged down, not all the way --just enough to give access; just enough to trap his legs together, bind him in place, root him to the spot...
And make him wonder why he hadn't tried this years before.
The first, warm wonderful licks against the underside of his cock nearly made him fall down, but Mulder's hands held him up, and kept him from sliding down to the floor.  Then, without warning, he was engulfed, and the world became no more than sensation, hot and spiraling through his belly and legs, and when Mulder looked up at him, hazel eyes peering up at him, even as his mouth still worked below, Krycek exploded, crying out, with lights of every color bursting before him -- briefly, but brightly so.
He shut his eyes tightly, forced himself to breathe, as Mulder rose from his knees, and caressed him once more, with a warm kiss against his throat. Another whisper in his ear, this time hoarse and faintly amused.  "Now, is there something else you wanted, Krycek?"
"Yeah," Krycek breathed back.  "There is..."
Without another word, he gently pushed Mulder backwards, and Mulder sat down hard onto his leather couch, smiling faintly.  He sat almost expectantly as Krycek knelt before him,  pushed his knees apart, one at a time with his one hand, and crawled between his legs.  Mulder obligingly lifted his hips and helped with the removal of the sweatpants, the underwear; pushing up his t-shirt to expose a taut belly with its faint line of dark hair rising to his waist.
Krycek lowered his head to the cock in front of him and began slowly. Teasing licks along the rim, pressing his tongue against the underside, against that -spot- that never failed, tickling the tiny, weeping slit at the top with the tip of his tongue, while waiting, just waiting for...
The buck of slim hips.  The short, involuntary thrash.
The breathy moan. "Oh, Christ, Alex."
And, without hesitation, Krycek took Mulder down to the root, greedily, without thought or niceties, hand and mouth working in concert toward their goal.  Mulder was straining to be silent, but his resolve broke and Krycek could hear the gasps and cries surround him.  He sucked harder, moved faster and everything blurred into heat and sound and motion, with him and Mulder gasping, moving, ...
Falling as one.
After it was done, after both had safely landed, Krycek looked up, saw Mulder, still smiling, almost laughing at him with his bright eyes.  To his amazement, he felt himself flush under the scrutiny, and rose, almost angrily, to pull himself together, but not before a pair of hands reached out to him.
Curious, he stared at Mulder...and then, took one of the proffered hands.
Only to find himself pulled forward, onto Mulder, to find his and Mulder's lips entwining once more.
And both of them falling yet again.
~~~~~~~~~~~
Okay dokey!
Any comments are welcome.
A Tale, Told by xof

---------

Silence weighed heavily in the dark night air. Several minutes passed as Vince remained at the bank of windows, moonlight shining over his shoulders and his back still turned to the bedroom door. He could feel Stuart's presence behind him; could feel the worry hanging between them that caused Stuart to stare his way.
But still Vince did not turn round, waiting in the silence for Stuart to say his peace. Slap or caress as he may.
Stuart's voice split the tension as it sounded low in monotone as if he were reciting a list of facts that happened to someone else instead of revealing the darkened cause of his oft-held harshness.
"Brendan Harris. Professor. I still remember the name. Years of trying to put it out of my head and it's still there." Stuart released a breath before continuing, "Lit professor my first term at University. Chestnut hair, tan skin and hazel eyes . . . pale but golden like lion eyes. Body hard from rowing. You'd never have thought he was forty, even thirty if he was a day. He was forty-two when he took me." His sad emphasis on the word 'took' made evident by the thickening of his Irish brogue, Stuart continued. "It was like he could look at anyone and pull them free of inhibition, free them to find the depths of whatever they strove to achieve. He inspired his students and fascinated me. Wanted him from the first sounding of his shoes crossing into the lecture hall. And being me, I set out to have him. Didn't know it would end up being more than a moment, more than a shag. I just threw myself into what I later learned was a game played by a master, with me acting as pawn. Expendable but with a use."
Stuart's words stopped for a moment, his feet bringing him forward without sound until he was at Vince's back. He didn't touch. He only stood close as the heat of his body bled forth to warm Vince's back despite the distance between them.
"Two weeks in and the day came. I'd watched him every class . . . talking, teaching and moving across the hall. Watched his body until my focus was lost to the written word we were studying. And he knew. He knew I was looking, acting the twat. He called on me that day, asking a question I didn't know the answer to for not listening. Told me to meet him in his office after. And all I thought was, 'perfect.' Showed up twenty minutes late thinking it would put me more in his mind. He was standing with his back to me like you are now. Rigid and fierce in the half darkness of his office. One light shining on the desk, and everything else in shadow." Stuart raised his hand, lightly teasing his fingertips through Vince's hair - keeping a connection to his lover as his story was told.
"Me standing there, waiting what seemed like forever for him to turn or to say something. Put on my best smile so he'd see it when he turned, knowing what it did to most. But he just stood there; didn't move and I started worrying. All of a sudden he's around the desk and moving in on me fast. A head higher and all of him muscles, he came crashing against me. Drove me back until I was caught between him and the wall. I was trapped, staring up at him in shock like a mong. And all I can see were his eyes, almost glowing in the half light, looking through me with a focus I'd never known. He was all man, all want. No thought of danger. Just need. His hands claiming me, running over my body as he jerked my shirt over my head. Callused fingers ripping my pants open, clutching my cock. I had no say in what was happening. My brain was on hold, my body was his. The only thoughts in my head were, 'ya a'right,' and 'yes,' as he watched my face." Stuart ran his hand down Vince's spine, feeling the tension underneath his lover's skin.
"It's okay, Vince. He just took me by surprise. I still wanted him. Just didn't know until later that surprises were his kink of taste. Surprises and risks, they were what Brendan liked best. Second only to control." Tracing his fingers along the length of Vince's arms, Stuart twined his hands palm to palm with Vince's own before continuing. "He had me there, pants gone and shoes yanked off, pinned bare-arsed to the wall before he even snogged me the first time. Brendan tasted of Cognac, always did though I never saw him off his head. Just when I'm finding my bearings in the kiss, he jerked his hand to his pants and freed his cock. I could tell he was doing something, but he wouldn't stop snogging me. Next thing, I'm half in the air. He lifted me up by the hips and I'm clutching at him with hands and legs trying not to fall but he's got my back braced on the wall and my weight in his hands. Then I felt it, his cock pressing between my cheeks. I'm thought, how the hell did things happen so fast. There was never a question of who was getting shagged once he rushed me. Somehow I'd known that, but the reality of it had me leaking like some git getting wanked for the first time. He pulled my hand down between my legs so that I could feel he'd sheathed and lubed himself. I was groaning like a fool when he started pressing inside. It'd been forever since I'd been shafted. He took it slow, staring into my eyes.drawing it out as I felt every inch till he was balls deep and I'd run out of air. There's me hanging off him as he drove into me, slamming inside so damn good. And he was huge, this man. Felt like he was gonna shove up through my throat. Never felt so possessed and used in all my life and I loved it. I loved the helplessness of it, the command of him and the giving over to how it made me feel. I came so hard without even touching my cock, spunk staining his sweater as he clutched me close and gasped out the only word he'd said during the whole scene. He grunted, 'Fuck,' and then he came as he slammed me back into the wall."
Winding their clasped hands round Vince's waist, Stuart bowed his head to rest on his lover's shoulder. "Back was a mess of blues and blacks after that, but it didn't matter to me. I'd tasted the fire in him and cared little for the singe. Threw all my 'had him' thoughts out the door and chose not to think about what going back for more meant. The change in me after . . . I didn't care to reason. All I knew was he wanted me again. Six weeks gone thereafter and I'd done anything he wanted. No matter how bizarre or risky the place, the timing or the act as long as a condom was in reach. I wasn't in control of any of it. Opposite all my familiar inclinations to have 'em all and only once. He was the fix for my addiction as my grades dropped, as I stopped going out and as I stopped coming home to visit. But I didn't see any of that until it was too late. I didn't see that he never talked to me, that he never acknowledged knowing me in public or that as the days fell back, he stopped wanting to see me as much. The only thing my brain knew was one day we were fine and the next thing, I was cut off entirely."
Stuart squeezed Vince in a hug as he finished. "I was half mad after that. He'd refused to see me. Took up following him back to his one night and then I saw everything so fucking clear. He was with a man, younger than me even. Brendan had him naked across his lap with hands tied and blindfolded, shagging him. I stood watching through a window.seeing my own replacement being fucked just as I had been before. And I knew my self again. I knew what I'd let happen, how I'd given over in the rush and willingly stayed lost in him. Saw clearly how I'd gone wrong. Was running the list of don'ts through my head the whole walk back to my room. Don't shag older men. Don't shag anyone again, if I'd had him the once. Don't get close to those you do shag. Don't give up control. And don't get caught. My mantra set in stone."
Turning Vince in his arms, Stuart whispered. "You're the exception to every rule, Vince. Older," he laughed before getting serious again. "More than once. Oh so close. And I'm thankfully caught. As for giving up control, you are the only one I trust. It's time to find myself in surrendering to you. With you. Help me, Vince. Help me give over. Tell me what you want."
. . . and the story will continue with Part 5 of "Love is a Many Splintered Thing".
I put the phone back in the cradle. Another mission, and I know just who to send.
Michael. Of course.
I always send Michael for the difficult missions. Because he's
the best, and because that gets him away from me. He's too
tempting to have around. That cool face and manner, so controlled
and always watching everyone and everything, and I know that if I
let myself go, I'd do my damnedest to find out what would crack
that exterior. Crack him.
I could do it. I could get him to come to me, and I could get him
to do whatever I said. All that I'd have to do is threaten his
Nikita. Oh, yes, his precious Nikita. He'll do anything for her
if you know how to phrase it, and I'm an expert at that.
I'd like to be an expert at making Michael moan, but I know
better. I'm in charge here, and I'm going to stay that way. It
wouldn't be good for my image and position to have anyone know
that I want Michael in my bed, that I want his mouth to suck my
cock until I can't take it any more, that I want to fuck him hard
and fast and keep fucking him until he cries out my name, that I
want to forget all about Section One and its fucking problems in
the thrill of coming in his tight ass. I'm sure he could make me
forget about everything if he tried.
I can control myself. I always have. And I can have anyone or
anything I want...as long as what I want isn't something I know
is bad for my position. So I won't have Michael. But who knows?
The day may come when it wouldn't be bad for my position to have
him. I might need to teach him a lesson.
Someday, Michael, I promise us both as I watch him walk through
Section with that sublime arrogance he always has. Someday you'll
be mine, and you'll love it.
Someday. But not today.
The End

Road Stories I - Superpumper by  Nicole S.
X-Files  M/K
Title:  Road Stories I - Superpumper
Author:  Nicole S.
Rating:  NC-17 for bad language and m/m sex.
Archive to Allslash and Archive X.  Anywhere else, okay if my name is attached.
Series/Sequel:  Set after my Boys Series.
Feedback please! 
Spoilers:  None whatsoever.
Disclaimer:  They don't belong to me, they belong to Chris Carter, 1013 Productions and Fox.  I don't make a cent off of this, I swear.
Summary:  Sometimes you run into friends in the oddest of places.
Mega thanks to Aries (Goddess of War) and Orithain for beta. This is Orithain's story - you wanted it so here you go!
They had been driving forever, so it seemed.  Mulder at the wheel, Scully with her maps navigating them to some small town barely on the map.  He was cranky, she was too damn perky.
Scully had been telling him all about her brother Bill, and some trip he went on to the Pacific Rim.  Every detail down to the mints on the pillows was explained and analyzed.  Did he expect any less from her?
He clenched the steering wheel in his hands, as she started in on the climate and weather patterns for Western Polynesia.  This was going to be a long day.
Scully's seemingly aimless rambling wasn't the only thing making him cranky this morning.  Alex hadn't been home in two weeks.  Mulder received an e-mail on Monday from Alex which just said *out on business*.  He didn't want to know what *business* he was up to.  All he knew was that he wanted him home.
His head was pounding.  He knew Scully was just making conversation, but if she didn't shut up soon, he was going to drive them both into the path of an oncoming semi!  He had to stop somewhere, and get out of this fucking car. Finally, half an hour later, and descriptions of every food item available in the Philippines, salvation.  A sign loomed up ahead *Superpumper, Open 24 Hours*.
"Thank Christ," Mulder muttered as he steered to the off-ramp.
Scully babbled something about wanting some Pringles and maybe a Diet Coke. All he knew was that he had to get out of this car.  He parked in the gas bay and threw Scully the keys.  "Do you mind?"
She looked at him and furrowed her brow.  "You okay?"
"I have a headache.  I'm going to get some drugs and go to the bathroom.  I'll meet you out here."
"Sure, fine."  Scully raised her eyebrows as she unlocked the gas cap.
Mulder strode into the store.  The usual truck stop fare was on display.  Junk food, cheap souvenirs, air fresheners with naked women on them.  He skipped the Playboy Bunnies and instead picked up the jumbo bag of sunflower seeds, a bottle of Tylenol and a bottle of water.  He cracked open the Tylenol and washed two down with a healthy drink of the water.
Leaving the convenience store, he decided to drop his purchases back at the car.  He told Scully, "Nature calls", then made his way to the washroom.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~`
Alex lost them.  Shit!  He knew where Mulder and Scully were going but that was beside the point.  If you're going to follow someone, you shouldn't fucking lose them!  He banged his hands on the steering wheel in frustration before turning up the music.  The bass shook the windows as the black car with the tinted windows sped down the highway.
He was pissed at himself, not only for losing them, but in the way he lost them.  He was sleeping.  Exhausted from a two day drive to catch up to them, and a night of watching Mulder's room, he nodded off about 5 a.m.  He was getting sloppy in his old age.  He had tried to sleep earlier but couldn't, and when they left that morning, they simply drove right past his car, not noticing him through the dark windows.
What was he going to do?  For two weeks he was tailing them inside the city but was not told to keep on them until the day before last.  He hated this, being within feet of him and not being able to contact him, hold him, touch him, smell him.  He also felt cheap and dirty following his lover around.  The key Mulder gave him last month was rarely used.  He had that smoking bastard either watching him or making him do some stupid job that kept him away from Mulder.
Alex sighed and tried to stretch his arms out.  He needed to stop.  There was a gas station up ahead.  He turned onto the off-ramp to the large gas station with restaurant, gift shop and semi-bays.  He parked around the back and went into the washroom, deciding to get a coffee later to wake himself up.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Mulder flushed the toilet and did up his pants.  He heard someone come in, then water running..  Exiting the stall, he walked over to the sinks where the other person was washing their face.  Mulder began washing his hands, then froze.  Staring back at him from the mirror was the dripping image of Alex.
Alex stared back.  At least he had caught up with them.
Mulder calmly rinsed his hands and extracted a length of paper towel from the dispenser.  He dried his hands before he ripped off another length and handed it to Alex.
"Thank you."  Alex took the paper towel from Mulder and dried his face.
"You're welcome."
Alex put the used towel into the garbage can.  As he was doing so, he brushed Mulder's arm with his own.  A jolt of electricity shot though him.  He steadied himself against the sink and gazed into Mulder's hazel eyes.
"Alex?"  Mulder said questioningly.
"Fox."  Alex licked his lips.
"Fancy meeting you here."  Mulder's hand reached out and traced a finger along the V-neck of the sweater Alex was wearing.
Alex sucked in his breath, his cock started to press against the denim of his jeans.  He swallowed.  "I...uh...I.  I'm just going for a drive."
"I see."
"To..."  He sighed as Mulder moved closer, his hand caressing his hip. "...to see the trees...the fall colours."
"Why don't I believe you?"
"I can't imagine why you wouldn't," he breathed.
Mulder pushed him backwards to the end stall.  This one was slightly bigger than the other ones but not much.  They squeezed in together, Mulder backing Alex up against the wall.  His face moved in closer and closer, until his lips were brushing the trembling man's before him.
"Where have you been?"
"Working..."
Mulder's lips were millimeters away from his own.  Alex wanted to lick them, taste them, fuck them.
"Alex, you left me with a raging hard-on again."  He rubbed his crotch against Alex's obvious hardness.  He could feel the younger man shiver.
"I'm sorry."
"Are you?  Why don't you show me just how sorry you are?"  Mulder moved ever so slightly forward and finally kissed his lover.
Alex almost slumped against the wall, ecstasy overtaking him.  He could feel the wave of passion move down his body, making his nipples stand on end, his cock pushing harder against his jeans.  He moaned as Mulder's tongue entered his mouth.
"I don't have much time," Mulder said, as he popped the button on Alex's jeans.
Alex did the same to Mulder, starting with his belt.
"Hang on."  Mulder removed the holster, containing his gun, clipped to the back of his belt.  He put it in his overcoat pocket then removed his overcoat and jacket, and hung it on the hook on the back of the door.  "It's Armani you know."
Alex rolled his eyes.  "If I get it dirty, I'll buy you a new one."  He kissed him again, his tongue sweeping the hot interior.  Finally Mulder's pants were undone.  They fell to the ground.
Mulder pulled Alex's jeans down around his knees.  He looked at Alex's engorged member.  He reached out, it twitched as his fingers danced along the velvety shaft.
Alex let out an almost silent moan.  His hand caressed Mulder's hardness. "Fuck me Fox,"  he whispered.  His tongue snaked along the smooth, clean shaven jaw, kissing his neck above the starched collar.
Mulder lowered his head to meet Alex's lips before spinning him around to face the wall.  He entered a finger into the still leather-clad man to stretch his tight muscle.  He quickly entered another one as time was of the essence. Scissoring his fingers to make the hot opening wider gained whimpers from Alex.
Alex was going crazy.  It was weeks since they had made love.  There was no time to be gentle about it.  He needed Mulder, and he needed him NOW.  "God, just fuck me, Fox!"  He hissed.
Mulder replaced his fingers with the head of his glistening cock.  He pushed in half way before stopping to catch his breath.
Alex was trembling, his fingernails trying to dig into the ceramic tile on the bathroom wall.  Finally, Mulder fully buried himself inside his ass.
Mulder waited just a second before he slowly began to thrust in and out of Alex.  He reached around to Alex's cock, which was weeping copious amounts of pre-cum.
"You excited there, Skippy?"
"God, yes.  Harder Fox, let me feel you.  Fuck me hard."
Mulder pumped harder, slamming into Alex's ass.  He was pulling out so far that his own ass cheeks caressed the metal wall behind him.
"That good, Alex?"
"Yeah.....oh god that's good....oh fuck me...fuck me, Fox."
Alex couldn't hold on much longer.  He gritted his teeth and came with a grunt against the tile wall.
Mulder was close behind him, a few more strokes, then his balls released their fluid up, out his cock, and into Alex's ass.  He let out a grunt of his own as he milked every drop from himself.  They stood there, joined for a few seconds, letting their breath return to normal.  Mulder kissed the back of Alex's head before pulling out of his ass.
Alex turned around, and kissed the flushed agent on the lips.
"I gotta go," Mulder said, as he reached down and pulled up his underwear and pants.
"I know."
"You should wait here a minute or two.  Scully's outside."
"I know."
"You sure know a lot, dontcha, Skippy?"  He kissed his lover again before putting on his overcoat.  Alex remained silent but smirked back at him, his green eyes blazing.
"Bye, Alex."
"Bye, Lover."
He kissed him one more time before exiting the stall.  He washed his hands then left the washroom.
Alex pulled up his jeans and cleaned himself up.  He looked at his watch.  Ten minutes should give them plenty of time.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
"Where the hell were you?  I was just about to go in there after you."
"Gee Scully, I told you I was in the washroom.  You know, nature calls."
"Hmph, Men.  You're always on our case about taking too long, when you take forever to perform one simple duty."
They both got in the car, Mulder still driving.
"Did I tell you what Bill told me about the washrooms in Singapore?"
Mulder just nodded his head and grinned.  At least he had a mental image to keep him busy for awhile.  He looked in the rearview mirror.  A black car could be seen far in the distance.  He smirked to himself and nodded at Scully again.  Yes, this was one fine mental image he had, and nothing was going to ruin it.
THE END
“A Slow Descent”
By C.K. Blake

Jared rolled his eyes and stood up as soon as he saw Mike get into some big ass redneck’s face.  He was almost tempted to let Mike get his ass handed to him on a platter, but then who was going to play the drums?  Jared sighed as he got up from his barstool and approached the action.  He caught the redneck’s arm before he could begin to lay into Mike.

The redneck swung around and drunkenly glared into Jared’s chest and then tilted his head up and rethought his next move.

Jared smiled pleasantly down at the man and said, “Now we can handle this one of two ways.  You can try to get to him through me, or you can let me buy you a drink and he can get his ass back up on that stage so we can enjoy the rest of the show.  I think I like option number two.”

The redneck nodded and said, “Yeah, sounds ‘bout right.”

“Good,” Jared said, and held up his arm in the direction of a waitress and signaled for a couple of beers.

Jared then shifted a stony gaze toward Mike, and for once Mike didn’t press the issue as he hauled ass up on stage.  No one had really pressed their luck in the last couple of weeks with Jared, not since Chris had come back and would sit in on set for a song or two and jammed with Steve for hours back at the motel.

While Jared seemed to be a force to be reckoned with, Chad hung out with Mike, getting drunk, partying, and having a good time.  Tom sometimes joined them, but mostly just watched from the sidelines to avoid trouble.  Jensen had pretty much kept to himself, except for when Jared managed to coax him into having a little fun.

Jared popped the top on his beer, toasted the redneck who hadn’t kicked Mike’s ass, and headed back to the bar.  He sat in the stool, his elbow resting on the bar as he looked up at the stage.  He watched as the guys jammed, Mike beating the fuck out of the drums, Tom and Steve strumming, and Jensen’s fingers making love to his guitar while his voice made love to the audience.

Jared took a pull from his beer and then felt the familiar slap on his back from Chad.  He shifted his gaze and spared his friend a grin as Chad said, “So, how are things?”

Jared shrugged.  “You’re right here with me man, you oughta know.”

“Yeah, well why is your momma calling me to hear from you?” Chad replied.

Jared’s eyes widened.  “My mom’s called you?”

“Yeah, Megan too.  They’re worried about you, JT.  Did you even tell ‘em you were taking off?  And all I heard from Meg was ‘I hope that Sandy bitch is happy.  I’ll scratch her eyes out if I ever see that skank again.’”

“Meg seriously called her a skank?” Jared asked in disbelief.

Chad nodded.  “Yeah, and I told her to wash her mouth out afterwards, cause your little sister can’t cuss till she can legally drink, and she’s got a few years to go before that happens.”

“Damn right, and what did my mom say?”

“Man, why don’t you call and find out for yourself?  She’s told me you haven’t talked to her since hanging up on her a couple of weeks ago, and do I even wanna know why?” Chad asked and snickered at the rosy hue that burned up Jared’s neck and flared across his cheeks.  “What did that son of a bitch do while you were talking to your momma?  Come on man, details.”

“God, you’re such a girl,” Jared accused and Chad flipped him off.

“Whatever man, just saying, had to be pretty big to get you to hang up on your momma, you pansy,” Chad said, and took a pull from his long neck before he heard Steve call Chris to come on the stage.  Jared’s head snapped toward the stage and he watched as Jensen took his plug out of the amp and headed off stage.

Jensen put his guitar away and headed toward them with his guitar case in hand, looking pissed off beyond belief.  Chad took one look at Jensen and decided he didn’t want to be around to witness Jensen gettin' all pissy, he’d been there, done that, and gotten a few t-shirts in the last couple of weeks.

Jared gave a nod in Chad’s direction as he headed over to a group of pretty young girls.  Jensen sat down in the stool next to Jared and tapped the bar.  He asked for a shot of tequila and downed it as soon as the bartender poured it.  He was about to ask for another when Jared dropped his hand onto his shoulder.

“Hey, what’s up?  You done for the night?” he asked.

Jensen nodded.  “Yeah, Chris talked Steve into letting him sing tonight, and Mike dropped it on me during our last break and I said, ‘Fine, fuck it.  You want Kane up here you can have him.  I’ll finish out the next half hour then he can have at it.’  So yeah, he’s worming his way back into the fucking band.  He left us hanging five fucking years ago and now he comes back and we’re supposed to welcome him like he’s the second fucking coming of Christ or something.  It’s bullshit!  Fuckin’ bullshit!”

When Jensen turned his head toward the stage and slapped the bar for another tequila Jared shook his head and sighed.  He had to get Jensen away from this, give him some time to cool off.  He tapped Jensen on the shoulder and when those green eyes looked up at him he smiled and said, “Hey, why don’t you get a beer and we go in the back and shoot some pool?”

Jensen’s lips twisted into a grin and he gave a nod.  “Now that’s what I’m talking bout, Jay.  That’s why I keep you ‘round.  You know what I need when I need it, and I’m gonna lay your ass out flat on that pool table and show you exactly what I’m made of.”

“Yeah, well I know a few trick shots,” Jared replied absently as Jensen took the bottle from the bartender.

Jensen snorted and smirked.  “I bet you do, but I wasn’t talking about shootin’ pool, I was talking about fucking you seven ways to Sunday on a pool table in a private room.  There’s nobody back there Jay.  Tell me you don’t want me,” Jensen said, his voice low and husky and he threw his arm across Jared’s shoulders.

Jared nearly choked.  “We’re at a bar in Houston, Texas.  If we got caught fucking here, we’d be hung by our dicks, man.”

“It’ll be fun, and nobody’s looking.  I’ll suck and fuck you dry.  Tell me you don’t want it.  Come on,” Jensen rasped and his hand glided up Jared’s stomach until it rested over Jared’s shirt covered chest, his thumb idly stroking across Jared’s nipple, and Jared hissed and took a quick pull from his beer, because damn if Jensen wasn’t going to get his way.

----------

Chris smiled as he adjusted the guitar strap on his shoulder and then lowered the mic, looking out across the crowded room.  Damn this felt like coming home, and he was flooded with memories of happier times, back when him and Steve and Jensen were friends, and Mike was a little easier to handle, and Tom was a little tag along desperate to be in the band with the cool guys.

“So folks, you’ve been listenin’ to Smeckles all night long, but before they were Smeckles and had the pretty boy front man, I was the singer for this little band, and it feels good to be back.  I’ve been to California and the LA scene ain’t nothin’ to the free air of Texas.  So forgive me if I’m rusty, but here goes,” he said, and then his fingers fell across the strings and the band kicked up to join him.

“I ain’t gonna lie,
Well, I been drinking here all night
With an old friend of mine,
Her name is misery.

I ain’t been crying,
No and having a real good time
With miscommunications,
She always talks to me…”

He crooned the song, his voice carrying emotions that he usually kept locked away.  He was reminded why acting was easy compared to this.  Singing led to putting all of his emotions out there, and while he loved it he wasn’t sure that he wanted it.

He closed his eyes and let the words out, his fingers caressing and tugging on his guitar strings.  He opened his eyes and looked over the crowd, his eyes sweeping toward the bar.  He took a quick breath and continued, but in the back of his mind he wondered where Jensen had gotten off to with that guard dog of his.

“I just called to tell you
That I was wrong,
You were on my mind…”

----------

Once Jared stepped through the door that led to the room with the pool tables, Jensen shoved him against it, effectively shutting out the music from the main bar.  Jared barely had time to check out the room and make sure they were really alone before Jensen was pressed against him, his mouth working wonders against that sensitive spot below his jaw.

“Wanna ride you long and hard, Jay,” Jensen growled into his ear, and Jared felt a shiver slip up his spine as he bent his head down and their lips met.

Jensen’s hands were working at Jared’s fly, the button slipping free, and then the sound of Jared’s zipper falling filled the room.  He swallowed hard and then Jensen stepped back, his fingers curled in Jared’s belt loops as he pulled the taller man after him.  He spun around and pushed Jared back against the pool table, his hands shoving Jared’s jeans and boxers down his long legs, until they pooled at his ankles and then he roughly shoved Jared’s knees apart, his hand cupping Jared’s hard cock, a smirk on his face as he pulled back from the kiss.

“How bad you want me baby?  Tell me how bad you want my dick up your ass, cause I’m gonna lay you out on this pool table and fuck you till you can’t move,” Jensen said, his voice husky, and his eyes dark with want, and then they sparked with humor.  “And don’t get those big feet stuck in the corner pockets Jay.  We’d have a hell of a time explaining that.”

Jared actually laughed as he scooted up onto the pool table as Jensen stepped into the place between Jared’s legs.    Jared crossed his ankles at the small of Jensen’s back.  He shivered as Jensen’s hands glided up his bare thighs, and then Jen’s left hand ventured beneath his shirt gliding up until his fingers stroked a sensitive nipple while his right hand curled around Jared’s aching cock.  A whine escaped Jared’s throat and he had the good graces to blush at his blatant show of desperation.

“You want me that bad, baby?” Jen asked, his voice husky, as he gave Jared’s dick a slow, leisurely tug, and then licked his lips.  “Tell me what you want, how you want it, baby.  Tell me and I’ll deliver.  I’ll deliver so fuckin’ good you’ll have stars in your eyes.”

“Want you hard and deep,” Jared managed to say around a groan, before his eyes fluttered shut and his head fell back as Jensen’s thumb slowly circled the head of his cock, spreading the precum.

“Good,” Jensen whispered against his ear, “Cause that’s how I want it.”

Jensen swallowed a groan as his lips attacked Jared’s mouth, his tongue slipping inside and promising dirty things to come as his hand tightened over Jared’s aching cock.

----------

Once the last of “Rattlesnake Shake” faded Chris jerked his head toward Steve, and said quietly, “Man, I gotta take a piss.  Cover for me with one or two of your songs.  What do ya say?”

Steve shook his head and sighed before he stepped up to the mic and Chris leapt from the stage and made a beeline for the bathrooms.  Steve sent a sharp look in Mike’s direction and then looked at Tom and mouthed, “Chloe Bowed Her Head”.  Mike rolled his eyes and gave a nod, and Steve turned to face the crowd, his fingers caressing the guitar strings as his velvety, whiskey coated voice drifted to the mic.

“Hotwired on a Friday night
drove beyond every city light
took a look around at the unseen
from a letter and a photograph
I found trouble in a two-room shack…”

Chris smiled at the familiar sound of Steve singing as he headed to the bathroom.  He relieved himself in the urinal nearest the door, washed his hands, shook them dry and caught his reflection in the mirror.  He shook his head, his long hair flopping around and then settling.  He took in a breath, wondering how to get his head back on straight.  He knew coming home was gonna be hard.  It wasn’t so much that the guys had moved on without him, were good without him.  It was seeing Jensen again.

Jensen was the spark that sent him running in the first place, and every time he faced Jensen he didn’t know what he wanted to do, beat the shit out of him or run as fast and far away as possible.  “Christ man, he used to be your best friend,” he said softly before he shook his head again and headed out of the bathroom.

He looked around the bar.  He saw Chad off in the corner with a bunch of young girls, probably trying to impress them with stories about the band that he was hanging out with.  All the more power to him if it got him laid.  The kid probably needed more help getting action than Mike did.  Chris chuckled at the thought and then his eyes drifted to the door of the poolroom.  He’d just started in on his first song when he’d noticed Jensen and the giant head toward the room.

He passed a glance over his shoulder and saw Steve doing what came natural to him, his head thrown back as words poured out of him.  Then he headed toward the poolroom.  His hand hovered over the doorknob, something inside of him telling him that if he opened the door he’d be intruding on something.  He shook the thought away and opened the door as the words of one of Steve’s song drifted to his ear.

“Are you still staring at the same old sky
or have you moved along
to one with no clouds and a few more stars
where the streets aren’t so loud…”

Chris’ eyes widened at the sight before him.  The giant was sitting on the pool table, leaning back on his long arms, head thrown back, moaning.  Jensen was bent down between his legs, the giant’s cock in his mouth, his eyes closed, his cheeks hollow as he sucked, and then the giant’s right hand shifted and he cupped the back of Jensen’s head as he said, “God Jen, gonna come.”

Chris swallowed quickly, wishing he’d listened to his instincts as he stepped out of the room and shut the door behind him as quietly as possibly.  He slowly let out a deep breath.  Christ, he needed a drink after seeing that.

He headed to the bar, asked for whiskey and downed the shot; Steve’s voice reaching him and shaking him to the core.

“I’ll wait for you
while earth spins around
I’ll go on watching over
everything you do
I’m under you.”

He quickly composed himself and then headed back to the stage, ready to finish out the set, and then go back to the motel and get as drunk as possible, anything to drive out the images of what he’d just seen.

----------

Jensen shifted his eyes to Jared’s face, as Jared came, and watched the flood of expressions that shaped Jared’s face.  He particularly liked how Jared’s mouth fell open with a colossal moan, his eyes falling shut, and those amazing fingers tenderly massaging his scalp as Jared came in his mouth.

When Jared finally came back to himself he looked down, his pupils full blown with the afterglow, a small smile on his face as his tongue ran across his lips.

“You’re amazing, Jen,” he whispered, and with his hand still cupping the back of Jensen’s head he guided him up and kissed the older man.

Jensen pressed himself close and Jared felt Jensen’s jean clad hard on against his inner thigh.  He pulled away from the kiss and then nuzzled Jensen’s throat as he breathed out, “Want you in me.  Want you now.”

Jensen jerked him down from the pool table, turned him around, and bent him over the pool table.  He absently wondered how Jared had managed to wiggle completely out of his jeans and boxers with him between his legs.  Looked like the kid really did have a few tricks up his sleeve.

At the sound of Jensen’s zipper, Jared pushed back and Jensen groaned at the friction between his own boxers, cock, and Jared’s ass.  Jared grabbed his hand, sucking three fingers into his mouth, getting them good and wet, and Jensen’s eyes fluttered at the sensation as he rubbed his erection against Jared’s ass.

When Jensen pulled his fingers away from that warm, wet mouth, he heard Jared’s voice, ragged and needy, “Make it quick, want you in me now.”

Jensen chuckled as he began to prepare Jared, starting with one teasing finger as he bent forward, his lips by Jared’s ear and whispered, “I’m the one that makes the demands, bitch.”

Jared let out a whine as he began to move against Jensen’s hand as Jensen added a second finger, and began to scissor them inside him, to stretch him.  Jared jerked when Jensen’s finger stroked against his prostate.  Jensen chuckled, and as Jared grew more impatient decided that he was ready.

He spit into his hand and pulled out his cock, coating it with his spit and precum, and then he was pushing into Jared, slowly, dragging it out to tease the man as much as he could before he lost control, because being inside of Jared had a way of driving him crazy.

Jared pushed back against him and then arched forward when Jensen’s cock hit his prostate.  He let out a low moan, and his eyes rolled into the back of his head when Jensen’s hand wrapped around his cock, which had grown hard again.

Jensen slowly pulled out and teasingly entered Jared again, despite his body thrumming with the desperate need to bury himself deep inside the younger man over and over again as quickly and hard as possible.  At the low, frustrated whine that Jared let out, Jensen finally lost it, and began to pound deep inside of Jared, his hips working like pistons as his hand worked Jared to a second orgasm, and he was pretty sure that he hit Jared’s prostate with every stroke.

Jared held fast to the sides of the pool table, his knuckles going white with his grip.  His breathing was ragged, and Jensen’s cock inside of him and Jensen’s hand jerking him off was blowing his mind.  It was even better than the things that Jensen’s mouth could do to him.  He could feel the pressure building in his balls and he knew he was on the verge of coming again.

Jensen’s body tensed, and he gave a few more hard thrusts, before Jared’s name slipped from his lips in a forceful groan, and he felt Jared stiffen beneath him before his hand was covered in Jared’s come.  Damn he’d gotten the kid off twice so far.  He hadn’t lost his touch yet.

Jared stiffened at the desperate sound of his name being grunted from behind him, Jensen’s voice throaty, and breathless.  That was all he needed and then he was coming too.  A few minutes later he heard Jensen zipping up and he wiped his hand off on the green of the pool table and quickly pulled his underwear and jeans back on.

When he looked at Jensen he noticed the cocky smirk on the older man’s face, and wondered if Jensen realized that it was the first time he’d said Jared’s name when he came.  Two weeks, and things were looking good.  He remembered the months he’d spent with Sandy, and while they were good they didn’t hold a candle to what Jensen could make him feel, how he could make him come over and over, and there was something else there too, something that worried him, because Jensen was so damn unpredictable.  The lust was shifting into something different, concern, maybe something more.

Jensen gave him a good slap on the back and said, “So let’s head back out.  The set should be over by now.  Hell, it’s already one in the morning.”

Jared snorted, “Man, it’s that early?”

“Wait till we get back to the motel.  You won’t be able to move tomorrow,” Jensen said, that cocky smirk in place.

Jared rubbed at his ass, which was a little sore, and gave a stretch to ease his abdominal muscles.  While it was fun, being bent over a pool table wasn’t exactly the most comfortable of things to recover from.

“Won’t take much, I’m already walkin’ funny,” Jared replied with a little grin, and Jensen laughed as he put an arm up around Jared’s shoulders.

“Let’s get a drink and then help those assholes load the shit up, Jay.”

They walked out of the poolroom and headed toward the bar.  A minute later they were nursing a couple of beers and the guys were coming down from the stage as the bar began to close up.

Mike was the first to reach them, and he looked them up and down, a toothy grin spreading across his face.  “God damn, you two just got laid.  No wonder Jenny was so eager to hop off stage so early.  So where’d you go?  The bathroom, or did you take it ‘round back?”

Jared blushed, and Jensen shook his head at the kid before he took a pull from his beer and smirked.  “Naw man, we just played a couple rounds of pool.”

Mike snorted.  “Must a been a hell of a game.  Who won?”

Jared blushed even more, and Jensen laughed.  “You know I’m the pool shark of this out fit.  Who the hell you think won, Mike?”

Before Mike could start in on questioning Jared, he stood up and said, “Hey, I’m gonna round up Chad, and then we’ll start loading up the equipment.”

Mike watched as the kid walked away and noticed his change in pace.  He cocked an eyebrow, turned to Jensen and said, “So it was that damn good, huh?”

“Fan-fucking-tastic, man,” Jensen said and took another pull from his beer.

----------

Once everything was loaded in the back Chris wasted no time in claiming the front seat.  Steve got behind the wheel and Tom scooted into the bench seat next to Jensen who was pressed in close to Jared, his hand possessively sliding up and down Jared’s right thigh.

“So what were you doing while Chris finished up the set tonight?” Tom asked curiously, and Jared noticed how Christian winced, and wondered what that was about as Jensen answered.

“Just had a couple of beers and went in the back to shoot some pool.  Had to show Jared a few trick shots.  He wasn’t so bad though.  He almost beat me that one time,” Jensen said with a chuckle, and Jared blushed as he felt Jensen’s chest rumbling against his side with the laughter, and Jen’s hand slipped down lower on his thigh than it should have.

Steve spared a glance back in the rearview mirror and met Jared’s hazel eyes and asked, “So how much did you lose to the pool shark?”

Jensen grinned and out right laughed as he lifted his hand and smacked Jared’s knee then said, “We’re negotiating my winnings when we get back to the motel room.”

Jared flushed bright red, and he noticed Chris give him a sideways glance before he returned his gaze to the road ahead.  Chris looked decidedly ill and Jared was curious about why.

“Hey, Chris, man, you feelin’ all right?” he asked.

“Yeah, just had one too many.  It happens sometimes.  I’m sure I’ll be feelin’ it in the morning, I’ll let you know how it turns out kid, and don’t let Jen ride you too hard, some times he can be a real god damned control freak,” Chris replied sharply.

Steve spared a glance at Chris before he returned his gaze to the road, Tom’s eyebrow lifted, wondering what in the hell he was missing, and Jensen stiffened against Jared, and turned to look at Chris, his golden green eyes narrowed as he dropped his hand on Chris’ shoulder.

Chris shook Jensen’s hand off and without even looking at him growled, “Don’t fucking touch me.”

Jensen withdrew quickly, his eyes dark with anger, and Jared knew that tonight wasn’t going to go beyond what had happened on the pool table.  Christian fucking Kane was one hell of a buzz kill.

When they finally reached the motel, they filed out of the van, just as Chad and Mike pulled up in Chad’s truck.  Jensen stalked off to their room and Jared followed.  Steve looked after them and then turned to Chris.

“So mind telling me what the fuck happened back there that has you so pissy, and what’s with you and Jen?  Thought you were letting that shit go,” Steve said, his eyes narrowed on his friend.

Chris sighed and then shook his head.  “That was before I saw Jenny boy’s mouth wrapped around that giant’s dick.”

Chris then grabbed his guitar from the back and headed toward his room.  Tom looked wide-eyed at Steve to get a confirmation of what he’d just heard.

“Um, did he say what I think he said?” Tom asked, just to be sure.

Steve took his cowboy hat off and ran a hand through his hair before he looked down at the pavement and then lifted his gaze to meet Tom’s.  “Yeah, Tommy.  Looks like Chris walked in on Jen and Jared together.  I’m just waiting on all of this to explode, cause it ain’t gonna end well, not with Chris still holding on to all that shit, and Christ knows Jen hasn’t forgotten.  Hell that’s why he’s practically hangin’ all over that kid, and that kid is gonna get fucked over the worse.  I can feel it in my bones, Tommy, and I feel really bad for that kid.  Jared’s a good guy.  Too good for all this bullshit.”

Tom nodded.  “Yeah, Steve, but what can you do man?  You can’t save the world, not even with good intentions.”

Steve snorted.  “Doesn’t stop me from wishing I could.  Jen doesn’t know what a good thing he’s got going for himself.  Hell, he won’t know till he fucks up and loses that kid.”

Tom was about to say something when Mike clapped him on the back and asked why everyone was so serious, and as he met Steve’s gaze they came to a mutual agreement that for now the conversation was closed.

----------

A shrill ringing sounded through the muddled fuzziness that was Jensen’s mind after a night of heavy drinking.  He shifted and smiled a little at the feel of the warm body pressed against his back.  He reached out blindly and grabbed the ringing phone.

Once he had it in his hand he realized that it was Jared’s phone.  He looked over his shoulder and saw that Jared was sleeping like the dead.  He flipped open the phone and in a sleep scratchy voice said, “‘Ello?”

“Who is this?  Where’s JT?” came a young feminine voice across the line.

Jensen froze, like something cold and heavy had just hit him in the gut.  “Excuse me?” he asked.

The girl let out a sigh.  “Look, whoever you are, can you just put my stupid brother on the phone, and who are you to be answering his phone anyway?  Another one of his stupid college friends?  Bet you’re just like Chad, that idiotic jerk!”

Jensen pulled back and held the phone away from his ear as the girl continued to rant, and then he forcefully shook Jared awake until Jared cracked open an eye and snarled, “What the fuck, Jen?”

Jensen held the phone out to him and Jared winced as he heard his sister’s shrill voice on the other line ranting over how stupid his friends were.  He slowly pulled his arms away from Jensen, sat up, sucked in a deep breath and took the phone.

“Ungh…  Meg, tone it down, I’m hung over, and don’t you dare tell Mom!” Jared said in a cranky tone.

Jensen fought a chuckle and then lifted a brow when he noticed how Jared’s posture changed and he said, “Hey Mom.”

“About college.  I just needed some time…God.  No…  It’s not about Sandy,” Jared said, pausing as his mother got in a few choice words.

“Sandy?” Jensen asked, his voice still scratchy with sleep as a lazy smile played across his mouth, and he began to trail his fingers along Jared’s ribs.

Jared bit down a laugh, and tried to squirm away, and Jensen’s smile turned into a playful grin.  Apparently Jared was ticklish.  A snort escaped Jared and then he winced and said, “Nothin’s goin’ on, just…  Yeah me and Chad are working for a band, we’re roadies.  The pay’s not much, but the guys are cool.  Who Jensen?  Yeah he’s the one Megan talked to.  No…They did not talk me into drinking myself into a slow death.  No more than Chad does.  What?  Meg said I had a girl?  No.  I’m rooming with Jensen, the lead singer.  God mom!”

Jared pulled the phone back and covered it with his hand as he glared at Jensen and said, “Will you stop it?  You’re not helping my case here!”

After another few minutes of silence on Jared’s end and Jensen still very eager to touch him, Jared finally huffed up and got out of bed, and Jensen watched in amusement as Jared walked bare ass to the bathroom and firmly shut the door behind him.  He rolled back over and buried his face in the pillow before he reached over and snatched up Jared’s pillow, inhaling the still warm, fresh smell of Jared, a playful grin across his face.  He shifted his head and caught sight of the digital clock on the bedside table.  Ten o’clock.  Who the hell called at ten o’clock in the morning?

Jared’s kid sister and his mom, apparently, that’s who.

----------

At the sound of insistent pounding on the door Steve rolled out of bed.  He looked toward Tom’s bed and saw Tom clutching a pillow across his face and groaning, determined not to get out of bed.  Fine.  Dammit.

He scratched the back of his head and then slipped into his jeans before he went to open the door.  He pulled the door open and froze when a pair of lips collided with his mouth.  He blinked when the girl pulled back and then he gave her a once over, a nice, pretty, leggy brunette.

Her dark eyes widened and she tried to look around him and into the room, no apology or explanation forthcoming.

“Uh, can I help you with something?” he asked.

She finally had the good graces to blush and then said, “Yeah, I was looking for Chris.  This guy over in room 105 said I could find him here.”

“That asshole,” Steve let out with a shake of his head, and then chuckled a little before he scratched his head again.  “Chris is over in room 109.  You must be that girl he met out in LA.  Nice to meet ya, I’m Steve.”

She smiled and ran a tongue across her lips before she replied, “Hello Steve, he told me a little bit about you.  Nice to meet ya.  He didn’t mention you were such a good kisser.  I better go find Chris.  Can’t seem to keep his ass outta trouble for long.  Oh and I’m Sandy, by the way.”

Steve shook his head as she offered him a wink and then sauntered over to Chris’ room.  Damn, Chris sure as hell could pick ‘em.  Then he let his eyes fall shut and wondered how this would affect Jensen, considering how he’d been all over that kid just to get a rise out of Chris, and it had worked all kinds of wonders last night with how Chris had acted in the van.

----------

“So did Jared say they were going to join us any time this century?” Chad asked with a little whine as he looked at Steve, and Steve shifted his gaze to Tom.

“Yeah, I knocked on the door and they said they’d be on the way.  Even gave Jared your truck keys,” Tom piped up.

“What’s got your panties in a such a knot, Murray?” Mike asked.

Chad rolled his eyes.  “You don’t know Jared when he’s missed a meal.”

Steve chuckled and then looked up as Chris and that leggy brunette came up to their table to join them.  Before Steve could make any introductions however, Chad’s eyes narrowed on the girl, and she stiffened next to Chris.

“What the fuck are you doing here, Sandy?” Chad bit out.

“Woah,” Chris said and looked from the girl on his arm to Chad and said, “You two know each other?”

Chad snorted and then growled a little, bristling as he fixed the girl with a glare.  “Yeah if you can call it that.  She strung my boy JT along for months and then turned around and mind fucked him before she took off to California.”

She glared at Chad as she said, “I’m here with Chris, not that it’s any of your business, and you don’t know a damn thing about what went on between Jared and me, and please, the guy had more than a few issues as far as the intimacy was concerned.”

“You fucking take that back,” Chad snarled.

Chris stepped between Sandy and Chad, as Chad got to his feet, and Chris said, “Come on man, let’s just eat.”

Chad shook his head.  “No.  She can’t be here when Jared shows up.”

“Wait, Jared’s here too?” she asked and then rolled her eyes.  “Why am I not surprised?  He always was following you around like a puppy.  And what are you even doing here?  This is a band, and you can’t play anything.”

Before Chad could reply there was the sound of a deep breath being sucked in.  Everyone turned to look and noticed that Jared had stiffened and was looking at Sandy with wide eyes.  Jensen’s arm tightened across Jared’s shoulders and Jared let the breath out in a fast whoosh.

“Sandy?” he asked, his voice tight, and his eyes taking on that kicked puppy look.

“Jared,” she replied coolly.

“What are you doing here?” he asked, his body thrumming with barely contained emotion as he noticed Chris’ hand slip around her waist possessively.

“I belong here, unlike you and your little groupie boyfriend,” she replied, and shifted her gaze pointedly to Christian.

Jensen shifted his gaze to Jared, and then narrowed his gaze on the leggy brunette, before he ran his tongue across his lips, cocked his head and said, “I’m sorry, I didn’t know we’d hired whores to join the crew.  Jay and Chad are the roadies, sweet heart.”

“Where do you get off calling my girlfriend a whore, you cock sucker,” Chris bit out, and then his eyes widened as Jensen’s narrowed to slits.

“Fuck you, Christian.  Fuck you and your little girlfriend.  Jay, what do you say we go check out that steakhouse up the road?  It’s gotta be better than this place,” Jensen said as he forced a smile across his mouth and clapped Jared on the back, more to get his attention than anything.

Jared just gave a nod and then they turned around and headed out.  Jensen took the keys to Chad’s truck from Jared and hopped in the driver’s seat and then they took off, Jensen squealing the tires as he pulled out of the parking lot.

“Damn if that wasn’t a little awkward,” Mike piped up, and Steve turned to him and said, “Just shut the hell up for once, man.”

----------

Jensen looked up from rubbing his belly before he took a sip of his sweet tea and then held the glass up as the waitress walked by to let her know he needed a refill.  He watched as Jared worked on his second slice of pie and shook his head.

“Christ man, where do you put it all?” he asked.

Jared swallowed and looked up at Jensen, a sheepish grin pulling at his lips, as he shrugged.  “Don’t know, I’m just really hungry.”

“Yeah, and this has nothing to do with that chick on Chris’ arm back at Denny’s?”

“I’m with you, Jensen.  She’s just someone I used to know, that’s all.”

Jensen lifted a brow at that.  “Hey, casual remember?  And she looked like a little more than that.  Shit man, you went catatonic back there.  So what’s the story?”

Jared sat back in his chair and leisurely licked the cream from his fork before he pushed what was left of the second slice of chocolate cream pie away.  “I met her in college and we dated for a while.  We were in some of the same classes and it was going great until she got bored and took off to LA to try her luck at acting.  I decided to take a semester off and here I am.  Guess it worked out.”

“Uh huh,” Jensen said, still not convinced, but he wasn’t going to push it.

It wasn’t long before they paid the bill and headed back to the motel.  Jensen sat down on his bed, his back against the headboard and the wall, tuning his guitar.  Jared had pulled out his cell phone and headed toward the bathroom for privacy.

Jensen let his foot bounce back and forth with the rhythm he was strumming, when he heard something that caught his attention from the bathroom, a sigh loud enough to break through his concentration.

Intrigued he put the guitar down, and quietly made his way to the bathroom.  He pressed his ear to the door and listened.

“Momma, I thought some time away would help, but Sandy showed up…  Naw.  It ain’t as bad as I thought it’d be.  I’m mostly over her…  I don’t know, maybe.  You know what, there is someone.  Someone incredible, they just don’t realize how amazing they are.  It seems like it’s goin’ so fast and I don’t want to mess it up.  Right now it’s just a casual thing, but I’m thinking I could want more…  It’s not like that!  God Mom!  We had the talk, I know all about protection.  Christ…  Sorry.  Yeah.  Love you too.  Tell Meg I’ll call her later, and I’m fine.  Bye Momma.”

Once he heard Jared hang up the phone he sprinted across the room and threw himself back on his bed and snatched his guitar from the floor where he left it, and began to absently caress the strings as Jared stepped out of the bathroom.  Jensen acknowledged him with a nod, but he couldn’t stop the smile that spread across his lips at what he’d just heard.  It was nice knowing someone felt like that about him.  It was nice to maybe be cherished, and just like that he realized that he was headed for a slow decent into either heaven or hell, he wasn’t quite sure yet which he was headed to, but he’d damn sure have fun along the way.
Disclaimer: Jim, Blair, and Simon, as well as Cascade, the Corvair,
Jim's truck, and the loft belong to UPN and Pet Fly Productions. The
sisters and their belongings are mine, as are any other original aspects
of the story. I'm making no money, and you can't get blood out of a poor
working peon, so please don't sue.
In this story, / indicate thoughts, * indicate emphasis.
With sincere thanks to my beta readers: Yvonne and Linda. They made
wonderful suggestions, whether I took them or not was up to me, so don't
hold anything against them. I also want to thank Carrie, Cheryl, and
John for the help they've given me while I worked on this series. This
is part of the "Tangled Web of Love" series.
This contains loving, consensual sex between a man and a woman, so if
you're not 18, or graphic depictions of sex offend you, go play
somewhere else.
by Gabrielle Bessey6/18/97
Mariah laughed as a stool was provided from somewhere behind the stage.
She sat down and adjusted the mike. While she waited for Jake, her lead
guitarist, to join her, she stroked the silk that lay across her belly
and felt the baby kick. When they both settled, she spoke to the
audience.
"Well, guys, it was bound to happen one day. Jake and I were
brainstorming over an arrangement when we started talking about doing
something original. Jake created the beautiful melody, and I wrote the
lyrics."
She stopped and took a sip of water. "Amazingly enough, it wasn't a
difficult thing to create a song that described how I felt--the hard
part came when I realized I had too much and had to trim some of the
lyrics. Maybe I'll save them for another song."
Mariah smiled out into the dimly lit club, instinctively looking toward
the table where Blair, her sisters, and their lovers were sitting and
listening. Everyone had shown up for Mariah's last performance until
after the baby was born. There were only five weeks until her due date,
and she wanted to spend that time making sure the nursery was ready.
"This song was written for Blair, who showed me that the world is still
beautiful, and that love will find you if you let it."
Jake began the soft melody, giving Mariah a moment.

With every aching breathWith every beat of my heartLove fills my empty soulOh, that's how it goes, that's how it starts
You walked into my lifeAnd you swept away the painCreated order out of chaosMade me whole, made me sane
Thought I'd never see the sun againNever thought I'd see the lightThen I saw your face and felt your loveA love I knew was right
With every aching breathWith every beat of my heartLove fills my empty soulOh, that's how it goes, that's how it starts
I hear your laughter in the nightAnd I see all of your tearsI know your joy and sorrowI share your dreams, your fearsWhen you hold me in your armsAnd I'm lost in the beauty of youI'm on top of the clouds and I'm truly alive'Cause I found a love that's true
With every aching breathWith every beat of my heartLove fills my empty soulOh, that's how it goes, that's how it starts
Mariah's voice petered out and Jake finished the melody. There was a
moment of silence before the crowed erupted and stood. They bowed and
smiled their thanks, then they made their way out into the audience.
Mariah shook hands with everyone she passed, accepting the hugs and
congratulations of her fans. When she reached the table with her family
and friends, she was besieged with hugs and kisses. Blair stood in the
back and waited for everyone to finish before he tried to get close to
her.
When she'd thanked the last sister and friend, she turned her head to
find Blair watching her with loving eyes that made her want to cry.
Mariah moved into Blair's embrace, wrapping her arms around his neck.
"I hope I didn't embarrass you."
Blair leaned back to look into her face. "Embarrass me? Are you kidding?
I'm the luckiest man in this room, and I want everyone to know it."
Mariah smiled into his neck, then pressed a kiss below his ear. They
stood swaying for a moment before Blair eased her into a chair. Mariah
sat up and tried to remove some of the kinks she'd had all day. Without
missing a beat in the conversation, Blair spanned her back with his
hands and began to massage the muscles. Mariah sighed and gently arched
her back as his fingers worked out the knots. Jim watched the pleasure
cross Mariah's face, winking at her when she looked over at him.
She winked back and let herself relax into Blair's touch. When he
finished, she reached back with her hand and trailed her fingers down
his cheek.
"Thanks, love. I'm surprised more dads at the Lamaze class weren't
clamoring for lessons."
Blair turned to kiss her palm, then he grabbed her hand. "You're
welcome, and I think they were afraid to let me anywhere near their
wives after they caught us before class."
Mariah laughed loudly as she remembered the shocked gasps from class
attendees when they'd come in to find Mariah straddling Blair's lap and
pressing an open kiss to his willing mouth. They'd both giggled as they
reluctantly separated and turned to face the front of the class. Later
that evening, the instructor had stopped them before they left and told
them she was glad to see people who were still enjoying themselves.
Mariah had given the woman a conspiratorial wink as she replied. "Every
chance we get."
Mariah felt her cheeks get warm as she remembered when they got home
after the class.
After a quick shower, Mariah stood in the bedroom toweling her hair,
wearing a robe but leaving it unfastened. Blair sat on the bed and
watched her. She stopped squeezing the water from her hair as she felt
his gaze on her. Flipping her hair out of her eyes, she turned to look
at him.
"What?"
Blair shook his head and smiled, holding out his hand for her to come
sit down next to him. When she sat on the bed, he grabbed a comb and
began to work on her hair, smoothing it down on the silk that covered
her shoulders. Mariah closed her eyes as he worked his magic and eased
the tension from her body. When he finished, he laid the comb on the
dresser and got up from the bed. Mariah opened her eyes and watched as
he grabbed a bottle of lotion and knelt on the floor next to her.
Squeezing some out onto his palms, he began to knead the muscles in her
feet and legs. He rubbed her knees, then made his way up to her thighs,
stroking her muscles with long strokes. Blair then sat behind Mariah on
the bed and eased the robe off her shoulders and clipped her hair up on
top of her head.
His palms were slick with lotion as he ran them down her arms and gently
rubbed her hands and fingers. Bringing his hands back up, he rubbed her
shoulders before inching his way down her back. Mariah sighed as he
stroked and smoothed the muscles in her back.
Blair kissed her shoulder before he whispered in her ear. "Stand up."
Mariah stood, and the robe slipped to the floor. Blair stood and pressed
up against her back, sliding his hands around to rest on her belly.
Slowly, he circled his palms against her skin as he massaged the lotion
into her. They both laughed when the baby kicked and rolled against his
hands. As Blair continued to touch her, Mariah felt a slow burn as she
felt her body respond to Blair's massage. She gasped as his hands came
up and cupped her breasts, rolling her nipples between his thumb and
forefinger.
Blair grinned as he licked her neck. "Feel good?"
Mariah's hands reached back, and her fingers dug into Blair's hips.
"God, that feels incredible."
"Good." He continued to caress and stroke her skin as Mariah writhed
against him. Even through the denim of his jeans, she could feel him
getting hard, and she wiggled a little more, grinning when he groaned
against her ear.
"Feel good?"  She giggled a little.
Blair growled as he turned her around his arms and teased her mouth open
with tongue. Mariah wrapped her arms around his neck as their tongues
danced with each other. With practiced fingers, she helped him get rid
of his clothes, then ran her fingers up and down his back.
Breaking away from her mouth, Blair nibbled down her jaw to her neck,
biting and sucking at the juncture of her neck and shoulder to mark her.
Stepping back, he looked at her. Looking into his eyes, Mariah shivered.
Blair smiled as he continued to look.
"Do you know how *incredibly* sexy you are?"
Mariah shook her head. "Tell me."
Blair licked his lips and tried to put what he saw into words. "I like
your hair tousled like that--like you've just gotten out of bed. Your
mouth is swollen from our kisses, and your eyes are wide and bright."
Mariah smiled. "Sometimes, I wondered if you still found me desirable.
Some men don't like to look at pregnant women."
Blair grinned. "Those men are morons. I have loved watching your breasts
get fuller, knowing they're so sensitive when I touch them; feeling the
fullness of your hips. The best part has been watching my baby grow
inside you--knowing that I helped do this."
As he spoke, Blair ran his fingers down her sides to her hips, pulling
her to him as he spoke. Mariah grabbed his shoulders and pressed a kiss
to his neck.
"You are so good to me." She sighed into the curls that brushed against
her cheek.
"And you are so good for me." Blair wrapped his arms around her. "Now,
where were we?"
Mariah pointed to the mark on her neck and giggled. Blair gently eased
her back onto the bed so that she was sitting somewhat on the edge.
Kneeling down, he slipped between her legs and pushed them apart to
nuzzle her pubic hair. Mariah gasped as she felt Blair's tongue slide
against her, and her fingers curled into the comforter. His hands came
up and stroked the underside of her thighs as he licked her clit,
sucking gently on the tender folds.
Mariah groaned as pleasure raced along every nerve, but she couldn't
move as Blair rubbed his tongue harder against her. Her body jerked and
shuddered as she came, hissing as her head fell back and her fingers
splayed against the bed. Blair held onto to her as she shivered, and he
watched as her head came back up. With tentative fingers, she traced his
nose and cheeks as she regained coherence.
"I will never get tired of loving you."
"Me either." Blair kissed the inside of Mariah's thigh and felt another
shiver.
Sitting down on the floor, Blair motioned for her to join him.
She grinned as she kneeled next to him. "You're going to need a crane to
get me up."
Blair stroked her arm. "It'll be worth it."
He turned her so that her back was to his chest, and he gently helped
her straddle him. With a long, satisfied sigh, Mariah sank onto Blair's
cock and rested her hands below his knees. He rubbed her hips and thighs
as she moved around, then kissed her back. She rocked back against him,
and they moved together with a slow, steady rhythm as they tried to make
it last. Mariah was still trembling when she felt Blair's fingers dig
into her hip, shuddering as he spilled into her. Blair sank back onto
the floor, still holding onto Mariah.
Her body relaxed as she sat there, Blair still inside of her, and she
looked at the parts of his body she could see.
/Got to try this when I'm not pregnant./ Mariah grinned.
"You know, love..."
A drowsy "mmmm" was his only response.
"You have very sexy feet."
Mariah turned her head to look back at Blair, finding him staring at her
with a lost expression.
"What?"
Running her fingers over the skin she could reach, she repeated her
statement. "You have very sexy feet. I just realized that--of course,
I'm not usually in this position, so I hadn't really noticed before."
Mariah felt his body shake, and she turned to find him laughing. With a
shake of her head, she eased off of him as he softened and kind of
leaned over his chest, trailing her fingers over his skin.
"You have a very sexy chest, too."
Blair grinned. "So do you."
"Before or during pregnancy?"
Blair stared at her breasts and stroked them. "That's a difficult
question to answer."
"Coward."
Blair laughed again. "I like you any way I can get you."
Mariah smiled. "You're such a smooth talker."
Blair quirked his eyebrows as he sat up. He leaned over and kissed her,
his tongue stroking her lips before he delved inside to rub her teeth
and the roof of her mouth with the tip of his tongue. When the kiss
ended, Blair rested his forehead against Mariah's.
"Let's go to bed."
Blair moved out of the way so that Mariah could maneuver herself onto
her knees. Using the bed as support, she lifted herself enough to sit on
the bed.
"I told you we'd need a crane."
Blair pulled the comforter and sheet down as Mariah grabbed a nightgown
and slipped it on. She climbed into bed, shifting pillows. Blair climbed
up beside her and waited until she settled before spooning up behind
her. Mariah had found that the best body pillow was Blair, and she
always got a really good night's sleep when he stayed the night.
As he rubbed her belly, Mariah stared into the darkness of the bedroom.
"Blair?"
"Hmmm?"
"Do you ever get scared? I mean, with everything that's about to
happen?"
She felt a soft kiss against the back of her head.
"Yeah, all the time. What with the way things are these days, and how
easy it is to screw with someone's head--yeah, I get scared. But I think
we will love this kid with all that we are, and we're going to do the
best we can."
"Let's do the best we can together, okay?"
"Okay."
Bringing herself back to the present, Mariah listened in on the
conversations around her. She felt Lauren tap her arm and turned to face
her sister.
"Don't forget about tomorrow."
Mariah shook her head. "I won't. Nobody bought any baby-sized handcuffs,
did they?"
Lauren shrugged and grinned. "Maybe Blair-sized, but none for the baby.
You need to be there by 2:15."
Mariah nodded. "I'm picking Blair up at eleven so that we can get the
crib, then we'll get some lunch. Do you and Jim want to join us?"
Lauren thought for a moment, tapping her chin with her finger. "Let me
see how it goes tomorrow."
"Sounds good."
Mariah looked over to find Jake waving her back to the stage. She leaned
over and kissed Blair's cheek, then returned to finish her last set.
/All this adrenaline is enough to give you a head rush./ Mariah stared
out over the crowd that was dancing around the tiny floor. She finished
the song with a flourish, accepting the applause and good wishes from
the audience. Making her way back out into the crowd, she thanked as
many people as she could before she sat down. Leaning back against Blair
to try and find a comfortable spot, Mariah picked up Blair's hand and
placed it on her belly. She knew the baby would kick at that spot, and
it thrilled Blair every time he felt his child move within her.
Sometimes, Mariah wished she had a picture of Blair's face the first
time he felt that flutter--a tear had slipped down his cheek as the
reality hit home. He'd knelt before her and pressed a soft kiss to her
belly, then laid his head against her. Mariah ran her fingers through
his curls as he wrapped his arms around her.
She also would have like a picture of him planning to tell Naomi that
she was going to be a grandmother. Blair had been so nervous, and Mariah
had started rubbing his shoulders and back, which led to an intense
round of necking that was interrupted by Naomi's arrival. She'd waltzed
into the apartment to find them spread out on the sofa, hands roaming
over each other's bodies. Her delicate cough had surprised Blair, and
he'd fallen onto the floor with a rosy blush on his cheeks. Both Mariah
and Naomi had laughed at his expression as he sheepishly picked himself
up. He'd hugged his mother, as had Mariah, then escorted both of them to
lunch. In the end, Naomi guessed before either of them could say a word.
"You're glowing, Mariah." Naomi brushed her hand over Mariah's.
Blair turned to look at Mariah's face. Naomi was right--her face was
bright with a rosy glow, and her eyes were shining with joy, love,
peace--any number of emotions that he himself was feeling.
Naomi hugged Blair and Mariah as they celebrated.
Blair and Mariah walked hand-in-hand through the garage as they made
their way to the elevator. Good-natured arguing filled the elevator car
as they made their way to the seventh floor.
"No, Blair, I am *not* naming any child on mine Ebenezer."
He slowly brought her hand up to his lips and began to nibble on her
fingers. He was still nibbling when the door opened and they stepped
off. Most of the detectives had gathered at the door into the bullpen
and were watching the display.
Mariah shook her head. "I don't care how good this feels. I'm taking a
stand...now."
As Sam came around the corner, she stopped to watch Blair and Mariah.
She saw the tip of his tongue come out and gently stroke Mariah's palm
before he released her hand.
"Please?"
Mariah sighed as she reached out and grabbed Blair's jacket, pulling him
to her so that she could kiss him thoroughly. By the time she was
finished, Blair and half the men in the bullpen were well on their way
to hard-ons.
"No."
Wolf whistles and claps ushered them into the office. They were led to
the back, near Simon's office, where the refreshments and gifts were
loaded onto a table. They got Simon's chair from his office and brought
it out for Mariah. Blair pulled a chair up next to her, and gifts were
divided among them. They both laughed as they opened little socks and
diapers and onesies. There were plug covers and thermometers and baby
bath sets in a variety of colors.
When Blair reach across her to put another gift on the table, he brushed
across her belly, and Mariah felt the baby kick her in the ribs. She
grimaced and rubbed her ribs. Blair immediately grabbed her hand, and
the rest of the onlookers became concerned.
"Are you okay?"
Mariah grinned and nodded her head. "Yeah, but I think I'm going to make
a rule that from now on, you can only touch the front of my belly when
you sing lullabies to the baby."
Blair looked confused. "Why?"
She grabbed his hand and placed it on the front of her belly. Everyone
watched as they saw the baby roll toward Blair's hand. "Because this
baby gravitates toward you, and I'm getting tired of being kicked in the
ribs or the kidneys."
Mariah rubbed his hand as it laid there. She looked up and found Jim
studying her with a curiously shy look on his face. Mariah reached for
his hand and placed it next to Blair's. They waited for a moment, but
the baby didn't move.
"Go on." Mariah kind of leaned over and whispered in Blair's ear.
Blair looked embarrassed, then shrugged. In a low voice, he began to
sing the lullaby from "Chitty Chitty Bang Bang", and Jim felt the baby's
foot kick against Mariah as Blair sang. Mariah smiled and Lauren choked
up a little when they both saw the wonder on Jim's face. When Jim moved
away, Simon stepped forward so that he could feel the baby. Most of the
detectives took a turn feeling the baby shift and move, and Mariah
thought how surprised the public would be to see these tough-as-nails
detectives get whimsical over baby kicks.
They cut the cake and passed it around. When the crowd had cleared, Sam
came forward with her package. Blair jerked back for a moment when he
saw her. They had not parted on good terms, and he didn't want a scene
that would cause Mariah any stress. Out of the corner of her eye, Mariah
saw Blair step back. She turned to find Sam standing in front of both of
them, looking a little nervous.
She handed Mariah the box. "Congratulations."
Mariah took the gift and offered Sam a piece of cake. "Thank you. Would
you like some cake?"
Sam took the plate, then looked at Blair. "I wish you all the best."
Blair nodded. "Thanks, Sam."
Sam gave them both a quick smile, then left the office. Blair let out a
sigh and draped his arm across Mariah's shoulders. "That could have been
worse."
Mariah slipped her arm around Blair's waist. "Oh, I don't know about
that. I think she knew what would happen if she tried anything."
Blair turned to look at Mariah, confused by the grin he saw on her face.
"What would happen?"
Mariah leaned closer and pressed a kiss to the corner of Blair's mouth.
"I would have used her teeth to make a new necklace."
Blair laughed and wrapped his arms around Mariah, pulling her close.
"God, I love you."
"Don't you forget it."
Two Weeks Later
Angela jogged over to Jim as he discussed softball strategy with some
members of his team. She slipped an arm around his waist and hugged him.
Jim returned the hug as the other team members watched, never breaking
the conversation.  They saw the resemblance to Lauren and knew she was a
sister, which explained the casual familiarity. Unconsciously, the
single guys straightened and preened slightly at the sight of an
apparently unattached Carruthers sister.
"Whatcha need, Angel?"
"I need a ride to Mariah's--it's my day to paint."
"Sure thing, kid."
"Thanks, Jim. You're a lifesaver."
"What flavor?" Jim grinned down at her.
Angela thought for a moment, then grinned widely.
"Wintergreen--definitely, wintergreen."
Jim was puzzled. "Why wintergreen?"
"'Cause when you bite a Wintergreen Lifesaver, it makes a spark." Angela
winked and sashayed back to the bleachers.
Holmes, one of the new guys, whistled when Angela was out of earshot.
"God, she's hot. Is she available?"
Jim smiled and held up his hands as if to hold the guys back. "You're
out of luck, guys. Angela is very definitely taken."
"Who's she with?" The guys were looking over each other's shoulders to
find out if Angela was with anyone in the stands.
Jim looked toward the bleachers. "I don't think Linda is here. Angela
showed up to support Lauren and us."
"Linda?!?!" Jaws dropped.
Jim laughed. "Yeah, Linda. You should see them--they make an absolutely
stunning couple."
There were sighs and head shakes as shoulders slumped at the idea of
another good one gone.
Mariah bit her lip as she suffered through another contraction. "Next
time, I'm getting the epidural. I don't give a fuck what anyone says."
Nurse Hills puttered around, muttering that women needed to get tough
and deal with it.
Mariah reached over and grabbed Blair's shirt in her fist, inadvertently
grabbing chest hair as well. He winced as she pulled him in close to her
face.
"Get her out of here." Her voice was low and rough, almost like
sandpaper.
"Try and breathe, Mariah."
She abruptly let him go and called out, knowing he could hear her.
"Jim."
Jim came into the room as Nurse Hills went out carrying towels.
"Don't let her back in here, Jim."
Jim looked around. "Who?"
"That bitch who just left. It's your job to protect the public--you let
her back in here and I'm going to throw her out of the window." Mariah
looked over at Blair.
"Find Dr. Smith and get me a new nurse. Nobody's going to have a good
time if she is in here when I deliver."
There was a dangerous glint in Mariah's eyes that told Blair she meant
what she said. They'd both had it with the incessant harping of Nurse
Hills, and Blair hustled out to the nurses' station to see about getting
a new ob nurse assigned. Jim patted him on the shoulder as he made his
way out the door. Moving to the chair beside the bed, Jim sat down and
held Mariah's hand. He looked around at the birthing room, noticing the
warm atmosphere that surrounded them.
Mariah squeezed his hand and began to breathe through a contraction. Jim
didn't say a word until it was over and Mariah collapsed against the
raised bed.
"Ice chips?"
Mariah nodded and took the chips Jim offered.
"Is she really that bad?"
Mariah swiveled her head, and Jim almost felt the daggers. "I guess
that's a yes."
Mariah sighed. "She's patronizing, arrogant, and rude. I don't want
someone like that around when my child comes into the world--having
those negative thoughts one of the first things the baby encounters."
Jim smiled. "Sounds like something Blair would say."
Mariah grinned slightly. "Yeah, well, it's true. She makes me angry and
tense, and I do *not* need that. This pain is...bad...enough." Mariah
grabbed his hand again, and Jim watched the monitor as another
contraction came and went.
"Looks like it won't be long now."
Blair came back in with Dr. Smith and a new nurse. Jim stepped outside
as Mariah was checked for dilation. He listened in, as did Lauren. They
were both relieved when they heard Mariah chuckle at something the nurse
said.
Mariah leaned her head against Blair's shoulders and sobbed with
exhaustion.
"I can't, I can't, I can't."
Blair's voice was a mantra in her ear. "Yes, you can. You can do this.
You are strong and you are beautiful and you're bringing our child into
the world. You can do this. I know you can."
Dr. Smith looked up at the pair, and there was a smile in her voice.
"You're doing great, Mariah. C'mon, give me another push."
Blair grabbed her hands and helped her sit up so she could push. He
grimaced when he heard her groan, willing his strength into her.
"Okay, Mariah, the head is crowning."
Mariah and Blair both looked at the mirror, past Dr. Smith, to see the
baby's head.
"One more really good push, Mariah."
Mariah pushed, biting back a scream as the warm, wiggly body of her
daughter found its way into the world. Blair wrapped his arms around
Mariah and hugged her, alternately laughing and crying, as she slumped
against the bed in relief.
"Blair, Mariah, it's a girl."
The indignant voice of their daughter made them laugh. Dr. Smith laid
the baby on Mariah's belly and motioned Blair over.
"Blair, do you want to cut the cord?"
He cut the umbilical cord where Dr. Smith indicated, then looked back to
see Mariah cuddling their daughter and cooing to her.
The pediatric nurse took the baby over to the other side of the room to
clean her up and do the necessary tests. Blair leaned down and kissed
Mariah's forehead, closing his eyes and whispering a prayer of thanks.
Mariah pressed a kiss to one of Blair's hands as they waited for their
daughter to come back to them.
In the waiting room, Jim and Lauren had to turn their hearing down to
the lowest level possible to block out Mariah and the rest of the women
who were in pain.
"How do they do it?" Jim leaned back against the wall, the concentration
from not listening giving him a headache.
"The result is definitely worth the pain."  Lauren looked over at him,
then picked up his hand.
Everyone continued to wait. Suddenly, Lauren and Jim stood up, both of
them hearing the cry of a baby in Mariah's room. They hugged each other,
and everyone gathered for a group hug as they waited to find out if it
was a boy or girl.
Blair made his way out into the hall and immediately found himself
enveloped in a family hug. He smiled gently.
"Mariah's resting." Blair looked up at Jim. "So is my daughter."
The group laughed as they celebrated another Carruthers woman in the
world.
"What's her name?" "How long is she?" "What does she look like?" "How
much did she weigh?"
Blair held up his hands. "Her name is Hannah Grace. She's 19 inches long
and weighs 8 pounds, 6 ounces. Mariah says she looks like me, but I
think she's as beautiful as her mother."
He collapsed into a chair. "Mariah was so amazing, she was just
incredible."
Jumping up, he headed back for the room. "I'll see when we can have
visitors."
Everyone just looked at each other and smiled, not surprised Blair
couldn't sit still.
There was only time for quick visits before the nurses ran everyone off.
By the time everyone came in and said a quick hello, it was four in the
morning, and mother, father, and daughter were tired.
Mariah had turned, awakening instantly when she heard murmuring. Turning
toward the window, she saw the sun peeking through the curtain, giving
Blair a golden hue as he held Hannah. When she concentrated, Mariah
could make out his words.
"Hello, little one. I'm your daddy. Now, I know this is kind of scary,
but it's going to be okay. Your mommy and I will always be there for
you." With trembling fingers, Blair stroked Hannah's cheek, then laid
his cheek against her head.
Mariah felt tears on her cheeks and moved to wipe them away. Blair
caught the movement out of the corner of his eyes and walked toward the
bed. He sat on the bed and handed their daughter to Mariah, watching as
she gently unfolded the blanket to get a really good look at the baby.
"She's got your curls." Mariah fingered the soft curls that lay against
Hannah's head. "I'm glad."
Blair's hand joined hers as they touched her face and counted her
fingers and toes.
They heard the door creak and looked around the corner to see Naomi
standing there. She stood watching them, her eyes shimmering with tears.
"You all look so beautiful."
Blair got up and wrapped his mother in a hug. Naomi buried her face in
Blair's neck and hugged him hard, then moved to the bed to give Mariah a
hug. Mariah handed Hannah to her grandmother, and Blair and Mariah
watched as Naomi carried the baby to the window to let the sun wash over
her.
She crooned a prayer over Hannah, then sat down to cuddle her for a
while. Mariah curled up on her side, tucking her body into Blair's side,
and fell asleep.
It was a long day, full of laughter, love, and an endless stream of
joyful visitors who ooh'd and aah'd over Hannah. Hannah took it all in
stride--even the flashes from the cameras that magically appeared.
Late in the afternoon, after everyone had left for the day, Jim and
Lauren snuck into the hospital room. Blair was rocking Hannah, and Jim
moved to stand behind the rocking chair and look down at the sleeping
child. Lauren gave her sister a kiss and pulled out her camera.
Mariah groaned. "Oh, please, more pictures?"
Lauren grinned. "You're going to be happy I took these one day."
Mariah nodded. "I know, I'm just tired of smiling all the time."
Lauren rubbed Mariah's hand. "Then don't smile. They'll be good
pictures."
They looked over to find Blair standing up and preparing to hand Hannah
over to Jim. For one brief moment, Jim looked terrified, then resolute
as he took the baby from Blair. Mariah nudged Lauren, who focused the
camera to get a picture. She waited a moment for the perfect shot, then
snapped the picture--she knew she'd be keeping a copy of this shot.
When Lauren had looked through the viewfinder, she saw Jim cuddling
Hannah close to his heart, as Blair looked on--one of Blair's hands on
Jim's back and the other on his daughter's head.
Neither men noticed the flash, Blair was too busy watching Jim for a
zone-out.
"What's going on, man?"
Jim smiled at his guide. "Just imprinting her, Chief."
"Good." Blair smiled and kissed the smooth skin of his daughter's
forehead. He never got tired of doing that--touching her, holding her,
smelling her. He adored everything about her, and he adored Mariah for
giving her to him. Looking over his shoulder, he smiled at Mariah, and
she felt her heart and breath catch.
Mariah sat up gingerly and wrapped her arms around her legs as she
watched them with Hannah. Looking over at Lauren, she grinned widely.
"I guess I've got some babysitters, don't I?"
Lauren sat down on the bed and leaned against her sister. "Did you ever
doubt it?"
"No, not really."
Lauren looked around the room and saw the tape lying there. She picked
up and looked it, seeing no identifying markings.
"Mariah, what's this?"
Mariah took it and put it in the cassette player. She pushed "play" and
a soft lullaby filled the room. Hannah shifted in Jim's arms and turned
toward the music as Mariah's voice poured out.

From the first moment I knewThat moment, I called you mineThe first whisper of loveI took it as a signThat I'd love you every one of my daysIn an infinite number of ways
Little one, do you hear my voice, hear me callLittle one, I won't let you go, and I won't let you fallI will hold out my arms and cover you with loveLittle one, you're my gift from heaven above
From the first moment I knewThat moment, I called you mineThe first whisper of loveI took it as a signThat I'd love you every one of my daysIn an infinite number of ways
Baby mine, you're all the dreams in my heartBaby love, this is just the startYou bring joy and laughter to a world without lightYou're the brightest start in the night
From the first moment I knewThat moment, I called you mineThe first whisper of loveI took it as a signThat I'd love you every one of my daysIn an infinite number of ways
Lauren sighed as the song ended. "That was beautiful, Mariah."
Mariah blushed a little. "Thanks. Blair and I wrote it about a month
ago, and we've been playing it to Hannah since then. Maybe it's
motherhood, maybe it's just sheer happiness, but I keep getting all
these little phrases popping into my head that express how I feel in
*just* the right way--I have to write them down."
She looked toward Blair and Hannah. "At this rate, we're going to end up
performing all original stuff when we're down at the bar."
Lauren nudged her. "That wouldn't be so bad, you know."
Mariah nodded. "Yeah, I know."
Hannah began to fuss, and Jim looked stricken. "What did I do?"
Mariah grinned as Blair gathered her up and brought the baby to her.
"You didn't do anything, Jim, she's just hungry."
"Do you want me to leave?" Jim turned toward the door.
"Only if you're going to laugh at me." Mariah started unbuttoning her
nightgown as she cooed to Hannah.
"Why would I do that?"
"Because we haven't quite got this nursing thing down yet."
Mariah moved her nightgown out of the way and unfastened her nursing
bra, bringing Hannah up to her breast and coaxing her to latch on to the
nipple. After a minute of fumbling, they both settled into a comfortable
position, and Mariah made a funny face when Hannah began to nurse.
Mariah brushed a curl as Hannah lifted her hand and scratched her
fingers against Mariah's breast.
Blair and Jim settled into chairs near the window as Lauren settled into
a spot at the end of the bed. They watched as Mariah nursed Hannah, then
switched sides and finished nursing her. When she finished, she handed
the baby to Blair so that he could burp her.
Jim watched, amazed, as Blair patted and rubbed Hannah's back until she
burped, then laughed as Blair scrunched his face when Hannah burped in
his face.
"She's definitely a Sandburg."
Blair shook his head and laughed as he laid Hannah back in the bassinet.
Their quiet conversation continued until both Jim and Lauren noticed
that Blair and Mariah were saying less and yawning more. Hugs were
shared, and Jim and Lauren slipped out, leaving peaceful sleepers
behind.
Blair stopped the wheelchair in front of the Jeep and loaded everything
into the back as Mariah settled Hannah in her car seat in the back seat.
She climbed up beside her and waited for Blair to take them home. As
they made their way through traffic, she caught Blair's eyes.
"Did you tell him?"
"Yeah, last night."
"How did he take it?"
"Pretty well, considering. Although, I think he was expecting it. I
mean, could you stay away from her?"
Mariah reached over and stroked one of Hannah's tiny hands. "No, I
couldn't. I'm glad he understood, but I think he's going to be lonely.
At least you'll still be there with him at work."
"Yeah, but I don't think he's going to be lonely for long." Blair looked
back at them as they waited for the light to change.
"You really think she'll move in?"
"Yeah, I do. He's been spending an awful lot of time over there--it just
makes sense that they'd end up together."
"Hmmm." Mariah switched to stroking the other hand.
They were silent until they pulled up in front of the house. For a
moment, they just sat there. Blair unbuckled his seat belt and turned in
the seat, staring at Mariah and Hannah.
Mariah stretched out her hand to him, and he grabbed it, entwining their
fingers. "Together."
Blair brought her hand to his lips and pressed a kiss there. "Together."
They gathered their daughter and their belongings and made their way
into their home.
Email the author with comments.Use your browser's back feature to return to your story selections or starta new
search.
******I'm gonna rescue you, I'm gonna set you free tonight, baby...******
Mulder lay curled on the rank, dusty pallet and immediatelyyanked himself out of the grim little fantasy. He was Mulder, and he was curled, but the bed was soft and clean. He was never quite sure when it happened, but the sheets were always clean. There was no smell here less palatable than himself.
He opened his eyes to stained grey/blandly beige walls, tried idly to make the hazy bars of the fantasy...
//It's a *door*. A fucking *door*.//
... dance to the patterns of his mind. The room was a cell, but it was brightly blandly cheerful. There were no rats, the sheetswere clean. The screams of the other prisoners, presuming there were any, were blocked by the thick walls.
Not padded. They either trusted him to avoid the amateur theatrics the stone suggested, or longed for him to provide the entertainment. Lord knew he didn't jerk off anymore.
In the old days -- he was no longer sure if it had been weeks or months, but his pride refused to allow him to consider the idea that it may have only been days -- They had been more... creative in their attempts to get him to talk.
//"Mulder... Mulder, wake up."
//"Alex, what--"
//"Shh, they don't know I'm here. I had to do a lot of scuttling to get the price off my head."
//"But... but you said you wouldn't--
//Rough hand, soft on his face. The bruises from his capture had begun to heal. Faster than he'd expected, and that suggested drugs.
//"It's OK, Mulder, it's OK... Fuck, that's a lie, but they took out everyone I was working with months back. Gave me a choice."
//"And you chose... this? Alex, why?"
//The hand had worked its way into his hair, carding the strands with the sort of carefully gentle restlessness he'd come to dream of. "God, Mulder, I'm so sorry... they told me they had you. Showed me pictures-- I couldn't take the chance, I *couldn't*. By the time I figured out you hadn't been taken at all, they'd set you up too neatly for you to escape--"
//Mulder swallowed, tried and failed to force himself to shake free, to stop breathing in the scent of leather and razorwire the man trailed even when nude -- silky-hot and near silent except those few times they could both be sure they were truly alone. "Why... why are you here now?"
//Brief bark of laughter in the dimness. "Haven't we donethis already? I'm here for you. Christ, Mulder, just tell Them what they want to know. And then we can be together always. I love you--" And then Alex was burying his face in Mulder's neck, whispering soft and harsh. "I need you so much...."
//Mulder felt himself heavy and hard in the anonymous sweats, felt tears start to roll even as he wrapped his arms around the other man and pulled him closer. "Oh, God, Alex I can't... I can't do this... I love you so much but I *can't*--"
//Alex pulled back angrily. "I taught you to *survive*, Mulder."
//Mulder smiled ruefully, reached up to touch the loved face one last time. "You also taught me about the sweetness of a truly beautiful lie."
//Alex stared blankly for a moment before pulling off the bed, morphing into black-haired Scully. He would never call *that* Dana.
//"You always were a fool, Mulder." And then the shapeshifter was gone with a neatly professional sway and click click click of the most sensible heels ever fashioned.//
After that, there had been more blank time, fast and intangible. More drugs, then... but the shapeshifter had been correct about nearly everything. He didn't let himself muse on the fact that the only error was in making "Alex" voice his feelings so clearly... It had been enough to feel it in the roll of his bones, the light vibration of a moaning throat.
But, Alex *had* taught him several neat tricks to survival, including the long, long two weeks when they'd done nothingbut fill Mulder full of assorted truth drugs until he started developing immunities and learned to babble of useless things instead of dangerous ones.
That was still when things were calm -- nothing but the hard-regained X Files and the occasional dress down from Skinner. Dana...
//Scully. Scully. Scully, come back.//
... had given him several odd looks over the next months -- the immunization process took time -- and Mulder sincerely hoped he'd told her something useful one of those days. As opposed to just meaninglessly factual.
He feared there were too many comments about her need to eat less rabbit food, though, and was grateful the memories were hazy at best.
He didn't like to look at his hands anymore, and the throb of poor healing suggested they desired privacy as well. One day he'd come back to himself at sharp pain and harsh voices. That was a mercifully brief phase of awareness --
//Remember, Mulder -- the best defense is a distinct lack of consciousness.//
-- and then just the black. The black was beautiful and soft, and could hide anything at all. Of course, that meant monsters, too, but he lived and fed and cried at monsters every day. The only fear was of forever. And sometimes out of the black came the voices he missed most.
Throaty and matter of fact, snapping and smiling despite herself.
Husky and needful, knowing and gentle and he missed so much... Such a brief time and he often pored over the memories, looking for times he could've been more assiduous in his taking. Greedier. Alex would've appreciated it, though Mulder had hated the urge to hold him tighter still when the bone-fatigue of encroaching dawn threatened to take him away.
//"You're not helping us to get past the Tragic Lovers theme, Alex."
//"I don't know, I always kinda wanted to be a part of my own theme."
//"Think of all the morning hard-ons going unsatisfied."
//"Who says -- *oh* -- you mean *yours*."
//"Slut."
//"Yes?"
//"Just checking."
//"I'm here, Mulder. Even when... I'm here, all right?"
//The smile felt lazy, sweet on his face. "All right. Remind me next time that we're going to work on that communication thing."
//Blitzkrieg kiss, whipping and lovely, ending with a slow nibble on his much-abused lower lip. "Mmmm... before or after the knives and poison?"
//"After. But before the wild lions show up."//
There was just enough time to curse himself for not arching up to brush himself, naked and sticky, against all that leather and denim, for not sucking on Alex's tongue long enough to earn just one more hungry little groan, before another voice broke the stillness.
"Mulder? Mulder, wake up."
Sweet, gentle and just a little too high.
Byers, then, and it hadn't taken him long the first time to realize this one, at least, was no denizen of his black.
//"Mulder, shh, it's Byers."
//"John?" Choked, but still clear enough to understand.
//"Yes, Mulder. Please, I don't understand... why won't you just tell them?"//
But Byers had never yelled, or hit him, or tried very hard to seduce him away from what little of himself he'd managed to hold on to. And these times were necessary. Cool water in the desert and he could not, could not care how stereotypically victimized his small acquiescence to these visits made him.
"I'm awake, John. What's new in the Fascistest Place on Earth?"
******
Walter never grew tired of the utter stupidity of a complacent enemy. This facility -- Growth Installation 412B was the official designation -- had been built quickly, most probably by locals. Stupid not to use the army, or even the reserve. They would've known to clear the brief stretch of woods away.
Though they may have chosen not to share such things.
The woods were sparse, bare with winter and whatever else clouded the atmosphere these days, but more than sufficient to cloak his companion and himself. The perimeter guards had been bored and chilly -- easy prey.
Alex was jittered and strung. Lean weapon blending with the night, longing for a target with every fiber of his being.
"T minus two, Walt."
Cool and sleek and Walter's blood was up, high pound even and natural in his ears. "Objectives."
"Mayhem and murder, Walt. No prisoners, no mercy. In and out in five. Take nothing that won't fit in a pocket."
"Charges?"
"Planted at east and south, north isn't registering. The modifications appear to be working."
"We'll see when we blow it."
A pause, and, as always at these times, Walter counted downhimself. Mother, father, dead and gone. Brother vague and distant memory -- meningitis, just as gone. Himself, still alive and damned if these times didn't make it almost worthwhile.
"Four, three, two..."
And Walter was off, hearing nothing but the absence of pound and breath that was his partner at his best. Others at the gate and Alex took them both with one punch of the prosthesis. It hadn't taken long to find out that the seemingly empty socket was really just a more convenient than usual weapon.
//They gave me a choice, Walt. A new arm would've required months of retraining. Regenerate a little muscle, a few nerves... Hell, I'd already spent years trying and failing to use it like an arm any fucking way.//
Racing and racing and inside, shades darkening to accept the sudden burst of white. Stark and ugly and no need for any gleaming entryways replete with polished secretaries and potted plants... no one to fool anymore.
Row after row of massive plastic tubes. Coffins for the mothers, birthing chambers for the new spawn. Word was there was still no way to control the dangerous little halflings, but that didn't stop the breeding.
Alex went right, Walter left, setting charges as they went. The sunset scout had revealed a back entrance, and this was the goal. No alarm yet but --
A clump of stumbling guards. Human this time. Four men, andif any one of them was a day over eighteen then that *was* lemonade staining the third one's neat white jumper.
//No prisoners.//
And this semiautomatic made no claims to silence, but the boys were down before their shaky little hands could get their own guns free of the neat, new holsters. Walter placed a charge on the messy pile of bodies. No reason to give their parents anything to be ashamed of.
Back and back and it was getting darker here, dim and warm for those halflings further along in their gestation. A row of grotesquely pregnant women, a row of things he'd never wanted to see, a row of nascent enemies. Walter set the last charges. When he made it to the door Alex was already there, bleeding from the face and holding his side.
"Found something that fit in my pocket."
Walter nodded, knocked the door open. If they made it out there'd be time to discuss whatever Alex had found. The alarm went off but they were running and running and when Alex hit the button they were already two miles away and the wind was hot and fierce on their backs.
******
John made an effort to look at Mulder, but it was always difficult to do that with the prisoners at times like these.
"You're quiet today, John. I know the inner workings of totalitarian regimes tend to be deadly dull save for the occasional boy flogging and rape, but --"
"Christ, Mulder. You couldn't just give a little, could you?"
John stood up from his sturdy little chair -- always brought in for him by some namelessly sturdy and large man for these visits -- and raked his hand through his hair.
"You know I can't."
Mulder's voice was as quiet as ever. He'd never even yelled at him for being here, being this... whatever he was. The first time John had asked if he could speak to the prisoners he was just trying to look useful.
Not everyone in the new order had their very own bearded catamite, pliant and unobtrusive. Langly had been angry when he'd heard. Raised his hand. Didn't hit him, but once tends to be enough for some things.
//"They need a gentle hand, Langly!"
//"They don't need anything but a bullet, Princess. Remember that."
//"They wouldn't still be alive and pissing you off if they talked."
//Glitter flash in hazel eyes and he remembered when that had meant more than just the anger of a knife finding itself far too clean. "And you think you can get them to talk, Princess?" Cold and dangerous, and even now that it was no longer just fantasy material the effect on him was the same.
//John sidled up in a way he'd never thought he'd know howto do, tilted back his chin. No challenge, simple offer. "Let me try. I want... I want to be good for you."
//And John had wondered when simple truth had become such a wonderful tool, but it didn't matter when Langly pulled him close...//
"What is it, John?"
John laughed, and the sound was not too dissimilar to the one he'd given upon finding himself here. "You can't seriously be asking me that question, Mulder."
He turned to see the other man lounging on the rumpled bed with casual grace. The bruises could have been only shadows in the dimness, though the lines around Mulder's mouth were tight, and far too deep.
"Do you know what I'm here for today?"
"Another game of twenty questions I won't answer and more babble about my nonexistent love life?"
In response John pulled the syringe from the inside pocket of his jacket, still sealed neatly in plastic.
"New and interesting truth serum? Hey, that last one gave me some wicked visuals. For a while there you had these cute little antennae --"
"It's not a new serum."
The smile faded slowly, leaving only curiosity in its wake.
"I wasn't aware you were pulling clean-up duty these days."
"It's been a long time, Mulder. They've decided any information you might have had is out of date, anyway."
Mulder nodded, settled himself into a seated position, and began to roll up his sleeve before he stopped, wincing.
"What is it?"
Mulder touched his leg and suddenly there was red staining the plain, grey sweats. "Broke open an old wound, I'm guessing."
"Oh. Oh. I'm so sorry, Mulder..." And he was, but John still cursed himself for saying it now.
"Eh. Not much longer, right?"
John swallowed, and wondered if it had been better or worse that it was Langly who'd clapped the syringe in his palm before sending him off. Before he quite knew what he was doing, he was sitting beside Mulder on the bed, dabbing ineffectually at the blood.
"Blood on my firm, young thighs, no one to kiss it away... Such a tragedy."
John looked at the hopelessly stained hankie before tucking it back in his jacket. "I preferred the movie, myself."
Mulder grinned, finished rolling up his sleeve, and settled his hands on his lap. Not together, of course. The gnarled things probably couldn't do that anymore. "I never saw the film version, actually."
"Never? You probably deserve this, then."
Bark of laughter. "Black humor suits you better than I would've suspected, John."
John wasn't sure how he should respond to that, so he settled for going back to the prior line of thought. "Please tell me you at least saw the Rivera version."
"Vanessa Williams."
"Mulder, that's wrong on so *many* levels --"
"Hey, she was good. I took... I took Dana to see it after she'd come back from the abduction. In New York for some bullshit case... I made her get all dressed up. I honestly think she thought I'd make her sit through a Knicks game..."
John nodded and hmmed at what were probably the right places, but his thoughts were with Garcia. She had been the first prisoner he'd been allowed to see -- long, curly hair and so far gone that John had never been anyone other than "Father Kevin."
He'd been ordered not to correct her, especially since Garcia's confession had been lengthy and detailed. John had studied well, and the night before she was due to be executed he'd given her the Last Rites. Yet he had not prayed for himself, and it hadn't been long before he held the needles himself. They all came to trust him, after all.
"... and, besides, the Spider Woman was the epitome of liebestod. Not even. Death, yeah, but not love... Sex. No way a sixty year old woman should be Sex."
"Now who's being the fascist?"
"Hey, if I lived until I was sixty maybe I'd feel different. But I'd probably still drool over pneumatic blondes in tight clothing."
John snickered, felt something lift he hadn't been aware had been pressing. He wanted to hold it there, but there was no time or space in this place to gather himself properly.
//So roll with it.//
"Besides, I think they were saying that the only love *was* in death."
"Ah, I love artistic types. Who else can pull beauty out of bullshit?"
"Farmers?"
"Hmm... Well, who else can look so cool in all black?"
"Bikers?"
"Damn. I'm floundering here, John."
"Ummm... no one else can angst so attractively?"
Low chuckle. "No, I'm afraid Alex told me once that I wore guilt beautifully."
"One could never fault the man for taste."
"Heh. Did you ever meet Marita Covarrubias?"
"No, I don't think so."
"Then I'll allow you to hold on to your pleasant little fantasy."
"You're a gracious man, Mulder."
"Yes, well, I try."
Long, companionable silence and John thought of other nights. Good beer and the pleasant rest spaces between tales of paranoia and random oddities. He wondered where Frohike was.
"John?"
"Yeah?"
"Could you tell me why? I mean, I'm just curious."
No one had ever asked, and the question was strange to him.
//Did I ever ask myself?//
"I... There were all the landings, and people were losing it all over the place. It was insane. I remember we tried to reach you, but you were already..."
"In Walla Walla, yes."
"I thought it was Texarkana."
"I lied."
"I can't tell you how disappointed that makes me."
More low laughter and John wondered for the first time how he'd *really* gotten here, Langly or no Langly.
"I remember watching some reporter on television laughing and crying and basically doing everything but piss himself -- though I could be wrong, they only showed him from the waist up -- and I remember this soft little thump. Not a sound, just a feeling. And I remember Langly waking me up with a blow job."
"How long had the two of you been together?"
"A year and a half... I never suspected."
"Yeah, well, no one did. So, you loved him enough..."
"Yeah."
And John remembered his own little room, much darker than this one. He'd been no political prisoner, and there'd been no need to impress him with delicious slices of irony. There was the day he'd spat in Langly's face, and the answering backhand, and the salt in his mouth could have been either tears or blood when he'd cradled Langly's head in his lap, and listened to tales of corruption.
"Yeah. I loved him. I love him."
Mulder only nodded, and John wondered if this would be happening quite this way if the illusion they'd provided for Mulder had been more accurate.
"I'm ready, John."
******
Minivan number six but nothing was moving but an irritatingly tepid cloth over the wound in his side. The cooler somehow managed to be less comfortable to sit on than cold, stony ground and Alex had never wanted this man to kneel between his legs any less than he did now.
"It's just a fucking flesh wound, Walter, let's *move*."
"Shut up and sit still. The last thing we need is for you to go septic."
"Then dump some alcohol, slap on the gauze and *then* let's move."
"Easy, dammit, this looks deep."
Calloused fingers dancing over his ribs and Alex twitched hard, awake and aware of everything. Yet another reason to work alone -- if he wanted to jerk off at the smell of lingering cordite and just the fact that he remained alive, no one would ever see...
That was a thumb pressing hard against his side, smoothing the tape down in what he knew would be a perfect, even line. Alex stared angrily over one shoulder -- comfortably ensconced in a tee shirt now that the raid was done -- and tried to think of anything but his own cock.
But the thumb never left his skin, just slid to the center of his chest and stayed there.
//Oh Jesus.//
"Alex."
He could feel the other man's head just beside his own. The cut throbbed, his dick throbbed and Walter was still kneeling between his legs.
"Just you and me here, old man."
"Takes more than a day --"
"Shut the fuck up."
Awkward, beautifully painful shift and he'd yanked Walter's hand to his cock and nudged them mouth to mouth with a will and his own face. "Just. Shut. Up."
Walter's mouth was an acid burn of adrenaline and dying fear, thick tongue battling his own into welcome submission. The hand at his crotch squeezed and kneaded and Alex bucked into it mindlessly. Quick move and he was on the floor, on his back, damned happy they'd thought to ditch the removable seat and Walter was tearing at his jeans.
"C'mon, man, c'mon--"
And getting free was good. Fast and dirty and good and he wanted Walter to slide right down and take him in, to slam his body against Alex's own and shift and thrust and slide until the musk was higher than the gun oil for just fucking once but jerking into Walter's fist was good, too.
Alex could hear himself grunting and moaning into the dimness but couldn't care about the noise, not with those deep chocolate eyes boring down into his own, watching him for something he sincerely hoped he was giving because this would never be Mulder again.
Mulder wouldn't have understood this black need anyway. Or maybe he would've but he damned well wasn't there and thetight hot bulge nudging his hip was rough counterpoint to the other man's jerks and squeezes.
"Walter--"
No more words because the other man was down and over and around him, hand never leaving his cock, mouth sealed to his own, pulling out the cries with his come and leaving Alex breathless and panting.
But the sleepy haze that wanted to descend was too much like other times, and had no place here. Alex shot up, heedless of the sharp, warm pull of the wound and reached for Walter's hand. Caught his eye before lapping the palm and fingers clean. Twined it with his own and brought it to the other man's cock, still trapped in his own jeans.
"You want this?"
"If this is revenge for rejection couldn't you just kick me in the head, instead?"
Alex's smile felt merrily dark, and the way Walter brought their hands tighter against himself made him want to smile like that until his jaw fell off. No more time for teasing, then, and Alex undid their fingers for just long enough to undo Walter's pants, tug him free of the worn boxers. And then he made sure they locked eyes and hands again, and began to stroke.
He let Walter choose the rhythm, and it was easy to just go with it, lose himself in dark eyes that never once lost their focus on his own, even as the other man's hips slutted themselves into their palms.
Thud of blood, high singing wire of tension and they might as well have been tethered together by it because no one, no one would ever be able to convince Alex that his thoughts weren't a match for Walter's own.
//Just us.
//Just this.
//Just fine.
//Until we die.//
******
By the time John had returned to their quarters Langly was asleep. His hair had begun to grow out again from the last buzz, and it crested like a bird's against the pillow. No one else had ever claimed to love him, need him. No one else. He ran his hand over it lightly, settled in to watch the other man sleep.
And began to think.
~~~~End.~~~~
Underground mirror,
Two children,
So similars and so differents.
Underground mirror,
Billions of rabbits,
Her blood on her hands.
Underground mirror,
She is you, you are her,
The same fear, the same hatred.
If they knew, would they look at you differently ?
Everything turned upside down the day you became that child.

I do not own any of the characters of the television show, "The Sentinel" or the song, "Weenie in a Bottle" by Weird Al Yankovich nor am I making any money by writing this story. 
This story was previously published in My Mongoose Ezines' "Many, Many More Chapters of The Sentinel". I like to thank my beta, Mary, my friend Sue for cracking the whip when the plot bunny bite me on the ass and wouldn't let go and my cousin Jennie for sending me the song that inspired the story. 
The song that inpired the story is Wierd Al Yankovich's "Weenie in the Bottle." You really have to listen to it to understand how this plot bunny grabbed a hold of me and wouldn' let go. 
This story is a sequel to: none

Blair Sandburg was bored and lonely.
His roommate, Jim Ellison, was out of town for the moment at a police conference in Seattle, and wouldn't be back until
the end of the week.
He really needed to get laid.
Blair had feelings for the sentinel for quiet awhile now.
When Blair's feelings got to be too much, he would call up one of his 'friends' and fuck them senseless to get Jim out of
his system. It helped for awhile, but the feelings always came back.
Now you ask why Blair never told Jim how he felt about him?
Simple.
Jim's straight as an arrow. During the years he's known the buff cop (who's also a Greek god in disguise) he's never seen 
him with a man. Just women.
The only other person that knew how Blair felt about Jim was Simon Banks, Jim's boss and captain at the police department 
where Jim worked at. Simon had been very understanding about the whole thing. He even encouraged Blair to tell Jim and he 
tried a couple of times, but always at the last minute he would 'chicken' out.
Wuss.
Blair suddenly had some hankering for some cheese...
After he made some calls and not coming up with anything, Blair was getting frustrated. He really needed to get laid 
before Jim came back in a couple of days.
While he was making calls, he helped himself to some of Jim's whiskey and was feeling buzzed and horny.
He poured the last of Jim's whiskey in the glass and downed it one gulp. Feeling unsteady, he staggered over to the couch 
in the living room to sit down with the bottle in his hand.
Blair laid back and closed his eyes and thought of Jim. Why can't Jim love him like the way he wanted to be loved?
Blair looked at the empty bottle of Arizonia Tea he had earlier in the day but hadn't thrown it in the trash just yet.
Hmmmm....it's about the right size.
Blair got up and went into the kitchen area to look for some lube.
After finding what he was searching for, he grabbed the tube of lube and walked into his bedroom and laid down on his 
futon.
Unzipping his pants, he took his cock out and started to stroke it causing it to harden. Opening the tube of lube, he 
poured some in his hand and started to rub it on his cock thinking about fucking Jim in that tight ass of his causing 
the member harden even more.
What he did next was where he made his mistake...
In his drunken haze, Blair stuck his cock in the neck of the  bottle while fantasying fucking Jim's ass.
"Oh Jim..."
The bottle felt tight around his cock and he began to harden even more. When he pulled on the bottle to slide his cock 
out...
"Ouch!!!"
Blair blinked.
Blair pulled on the bottle again with no results.
Uh oh.
"Aww...what did I just do?" he groaned pitifully.
RRRIIINNNGGG!
Simon Banks picked up the receiver and barked, "Banks!"
"simon?"
"Sandburg, is that you? Look, I'm pretty busy right now..."
"Simon, I need help!"
Simon sighed and said, " Sandburg! If it's a woman..."
"No! I mean...it's not a woman. God...this is embarrassing..."
Simon frowned.
"Spit it out! I haven't got ALL DAY!"
Simon took a slow swig of his coffee...
"mycockisstuckinabottlesimon...."
Simon's eyes bugged out as he spewed his coffee all over his papers on his desk.
"What?!?!" he bellowed out not believing he heard right.
He heard Blair sighed on the other end of the line.
" I said, 'My cock is stuck in a bottle', Simon."
"That's what I thought you said."
There was silence.
"Uh, Blair?"
"Yeah Simon."
"Might I ask how you..uh.."
"...no, Simon!" Blair blurted out
"I didn't think so."
Simon was having a hard time keeping from laughing at the images in his head. His whole body was shaking. He let out a 
snort.
Blair's icy voice came over the line: "Simon? Are you laughing at me?"
"No! No, I'm not, Sandburg!"
Simon let out a snicker.
"You ARE laughing! I knew it!"
"No. I'm. Not. Sandburg."
Simon can hear Blair groaning on the other end of the line.
"What am I going to do? If anyone finds out, they'll never let me live it down. Especially Jim!"
Simon couldn't help but feel sorry for Blair.
"Have you tried...?"
"Yes! It gets harder and it hurts now..."
"What about some sort of lubricant?"
There was silence on the line.
"Simon, that's how I got it in the bottle!"
Simon quickly clamped his hand over his mouth to smother the laughter that was threatening to come out and held the 
receiver away from his ear as he fought to gain control over himself.
After a few minutes, he put the phone receiver back to his ear.
"Sandburg..."
"Are you finished laughing?"
Simon blinked.
"Uh...have you tried breaking the bottle?"
"SIMON!!!"
"Well, Sandburg, I don't know what to tell you..."
Simon looked up in time to see Jim Ellison come through the door into the bull pit a few days early.
An evil grin slowly came over Simon's face.
There 'might' be a way to get those two together yet!
"Uh...Sandburg? Sit tight. Let me get back to you in a few minutes, okay?"
"Simon..."
Before Blair could finish his sentence, Simon hung up the phone and bellowed, "ELLISON! GET YOUR ASS IN HERE!"
After Jim left the station, a loud howl of evil laughter could be heard coming out of Simon's office.
Rhonda looked at Megan as she made her way from peeking through the blinds of Simon's office a frightened look.
"What's up the captain?" asked Megan.
"I think Simon just lost it!" Rhonda whispered back.
Both women looked in the direction of Simon's office with worried looks on their faces.
Blair was starting to panic.
God forbid if Jim finds out about this. He'll never let Blair live it down. God! How does he get himself into these 
fixes??
Blair heard the door to the loft open.
"Hey Chief? I'm home!"
Blair shot up out of his futon in a panic.
Blair held his breath.
He heard Jim's footsteps coming closer to his bedroom door.
"Chief? What's wrong? I can hear your heart rate going pretty fast there. Are you alright?"
Damn sentinel senses!
"Ah... Jim! Don't come in!" Blair called out while trying pulling the bottle of his dick.
"Sandburg! I KNOW something's wrong in there! I can hear your heart pounding! I'm coming in!"
Jim opened the door to see Blair sitting on his futon. With a pillow in his lap. And the biggest smile on his face.
Jim blinked.
Something's wrong with this picture.
"Hey Jim! I didn't know you were going to be back so early!"
Yeah. Like... a couple of days early! Why did you have to come back now?
Jim looked down at his guide and lend against the door frame crossing his arms.
"What's with the pillow on your lap, Chief?"
"Pillow? What pillow? Oh! This pillow?" Blair asked with an innocent look on his face.
Just looking at Jim was making him even harder. He winced.
Damn! This is really hurts!
"Yeah. That pillow. What's it doing on your lap? Are you trying to 'hide' something?" Jim asked again hiding his smirk.
Blair pulled the pillow closer to the front of him hiding his erection and bottle.
"Oh nothing. I just feel like having my pillow in my lap, that's all." he lied.
YEAH! Like he's gonna believe that, Sandburg.
Jim stared at his guide.
He's hiding something under that pillow...
"You know, Blair, I thought we were friends, " Jim said as he sat next to him.
Blair slowly inched away clutching at his pillow.
"We are, Jim. We are."
" I thought we can tell each other anything, Chief," Jim added as he inched his way towards Blair on the futon.
Blair was beginning to look nervous. Jim could see beads of sweat breaking out all over his forehead.
"Uh...we can, Jim. You know that, " Blair replied looking downward.
"Then why are you clutching your pillow like it's your lifeline?" Jim asked while grabbing the pillow.
Jim was expecting alot of things for Blair to be hiding, but what he saw wasn't one of them.
Blair's cock was stuck. In a empty bottle of Arizonia Tea.
Jim fell off the futon onto the floor laughing his ass off with Blair glaring at him.
"Yeah. Laugh it up Chuckles. I'm in serious pain here!!!" he yelled at his friend while standing up.
They both heard a soft clink as the bottle brushed up against Blair's zipper while hanging off his dick.
Blair rolled his eyes upward and groaned. Jim just laughed even harder as he rolled on the floor.
"All right, Chief, there's got to be some way to get that thing off of you, " Jim said as he paced in front of Blair in 
the front room.
Blair looked mournful at Jim.
"I tried everything, Jim. I don't know what to do!"
"Have you tried..."
"Done that."
"Oh."
There was silence throughout the loft.
"What were you trying to do? Uh... skip that. I KNOW what you were trying to do." Jim said.
"Who? Uh..."  Jim tried to ask but at the same time trying to keep the laughter at bay. He looked at his guide and started 
to feel sorry for him. Jim sighed.
"Aww...Chief. Who's the girl you were thinking of?"
Blair muttered something.
"What? I didn't quiet get that."
Blair sighed and looked down at the floor.
"I said, 'It wasn't a girl."
Jim blinked.
Not a girl? It was a guy? Blair's gay???
Jim had feelings for Blair for awhile now but hadn't said anything because his guide hadn't shown any indication that he 
was interested in guys.
Hey!! Wait a minute! Blair's interested in a guy! And it's not me, DAMN IT!
"Who's the guy, Chief?" Jim asked softly.
Blair's head whipped up and around to face Jim.
"Wha...?"
"I said, who's the guy? Whoever it is, he's not good enough for you!"
Blair was confused.  Was Jim gay? Bi?  Hell, did it mean that maybe Jim was interested in him? Or it could mean that Jim 
was straight and was only concerned about him.
Blair decided to take a chance.
"It's you." Then he waited for Jim's reaction. What he got was what he didn't expect.
Jim laid a kiss on Blair's lips.
After making out for a few minutes, Blair pushed Jim away.
"What's wrong, Blair? I thought you wanted this."
"I do, Jim, it's just it's getting painful down there right now. I've got to get some relief here!"
Jim started to slip Blair's shirt off.
"I know of a way, Blair..." he said silkily.
Jim got the rest of Blair's clothes off and made him lay back on the couch.
"Perfect..."
Blair blushed.
"Someone has too much clothes on here," he said.
"Getting there, Chief. I'm getting there." Jim purred.
After pulling his clothes off, He kneeled next to Blair running his hands through Blair's chest hairs tweaking his 
nipples to hard points.
"After this, no more bottles, no more anyone else except me," then gave Blair a soul searing kiss.
"I'm going to fuck you into this couch, Chief. Bend over." He ordered.
Blair immediately got up and went around the back of the couch and bend over shoving his ass in Jim's face.
Jim chuckled.
"Eager. Are we?"
Jim grabbed the tube of lube and poured some on his hands. He then slowly pushed one finger up Blair's asshole causing 
Blair to gasp.
"Alright there, Blair?"
Blair nodded. Jim's finger was slowly sliding in and out, hitting Blair's prostrate causing tremors run through his body.
"more... " he rasped out.
Jim chuckled. He was getting hard as a rock  just thinking about fucking Blair's sweet, tight ass.
"You've got it."
Jim pushed two fingers up Blair's ass and let them sit there for a minute so Blair could get used to it.
"Jim, stop fucking around and fuck me already!!" Blair bit out.
Jim took his fingers out and made sure there was plenty of lube on his cock.
He placed the tip of his cock at Blair's entrance and slowly entered him.
That was too slow for Blair's liking so as soon as Jim entered him, he slammed back into Jim, engulfing him, catching the 
sentinel off guard.
God, it feels good! Blair thought.
Jim pulled back and pushed back again.
"Damn, you feel hot and tight there, Blair!"
Both men were starting to build up speed.
"Yeah! Harder, Jim! Harder! Make me feel it into next week!"
"Fuck! You feel so good, Chief!" Jim gasped.
Jim could feel his balls starting to tighten up.
"God! I can't hold much longer, Chief..."
Blair's balls also started to tighten up.
"Goddamn..I'm co..." Blair started to yell as he came.
That sent a chain reaction with Jim as he also came with a yell and collapsed on Blair on the back of the couch.
As they laid there breathing heavily, they could hear a clunk as the bottle slipped off of Blair's cock and rolled quietly 
across the floor.
Jim slowly got up and helped Blair up and looked down at his cock.
Blair's cock was slightly swollen and red. Jim winced.
"Are you alright?" he asked his guide.
Blair leaned against the couch and and winced a little.
"Yeah. Just a bit tender. It'll be alright in a day or so."
"Come on, Chief. I could do with a nap right now, " Jim said as he started up the stairs.  He stopped and stared at Blair.
"You coming?"
"You want me in your bed, Jim?" Blair asked hopefully.
"Correction. 'Our' bed. I meant it when I said you're not fucking anyone else but me. Hell...you know I'm not good with 
words, Blair."
Blair gave Jim a goofy grin.
"I know Jim. I love you too."
Jim gave Blair the same goofy grin back.
Blair started up slowly up the stairs with Jim.
"Why are you home early, Jim?" he asked his lover.
"I came back early and stopped at the station to do some paper work, but Simon said you had a problem you needed help 
with, so I came home. Funny thing though. He never said what it was."
"Remind me to get Simon a gift, Jim."
End Weenie in a Bottle by Sentinelgrl: Drey71861@aol.com
Author and story notes above.
Disclaimer: The Sentinel is owned etc. by Pet Fly, Inc. These pages and the 
stories on them are not meant to infringe on, nor are they endorsed by, Pet Fly, Inc. and Paramount.
Dom was bouncing on the balls of his feet next to him, suitcases on the pavement to either side, hands shoved deep into his pockets.
“God damn its cold,” Dom grumbled, breath visible in the freezing night air.
“It’s England, Sblom,” he replied, stepping forward in line.
“Ought to be a law against it.”
“England?”
“Funny,” Dom answered sarcastically, “I mean the temperature.”
“And outlawing that’s not funny?”
Dom glared at him, something that Orlando found endearingly amusing.
The couple in front of them ducked into the cab, well almost jumped in more like.  It really was cold.  Even for England.  He repressed a sigh of relief as the next cab drove into the bay.
“Come on, Sblom.  Let’s go home.”
* * *
He almost stumbled getting out of the cab, skip-hopped on one foot and regained both his balance and his bags, and avoided a puddle in the gutter.  Not bad, he thought, considering how fucking tired he was…and how god damned dark it was.  He staggered down the garden path after Dom.  Staggered, but for once they weren’t drunk.  The cab drove off behind them with a swoosh of water and petrol fumes as they made their way up to the house.  His house.  His house that was about to have Dom in it.
“So this is it,” Dom stated at the door, rubbed his eyes with his knuckles as he tried not to drop the bag in his hand.
“Yep.  Home sweet-Jesus thank god I’m home.”  He fumbled in his jacket pockets for the keys, remembered they were in his backpack.
“It’s nice.”
“Thanks,” Orlando replied automatically, finally managing to free the keys from the pocket of the backpack, arm twisted backwards behind him, bag skewed and falling down one shoulder.
“Anyone home?”  Dom asked, hefting his bags up again as Orlando slipped in the key, turned it with a flick of his wrist and a click, the confident ease of a movement done a million times.
“Nah, just us.  Mum’s gone for the week.”
Just us, he repeated in his head.  Forced the smile that threatened to curve his lips back down.  Later.
He pushed the door open and stepped into the familiar hall, stopping and standing in the dark.  Breathed in and the scent of home washed over him…the soap used in the laundry, the lingering aroma of basil and other herbs growing in the kitchen, perfume - orange and vanilla - that would forever be his mum.
Fuck he loved being home.
“Oi, ... get a move on, it’s wet out here,”  Dom grumbled from behind him and he dutifully shuffled further inside.
“Keep yer clothes on Sblom,” he mumbled, shedding suitcases and bags, the dreaded backpack.  Dropped the keys onto the side table and flicked the light switch, bathing the corridor and opposite stairs in a warm glow.  Rust red carpet flowed down the stairs, turned right into a darkened room and also continued straight, stopping at the door.  A slight glimpse of hardwood floors through the door to the left.  Warm.
“Easy for you to say, oh dry and inside one.”
“Dry and inside one?”  He questioned, turned to Dom with a grin.  He loved Dom when he was tired, he made even less sense than normal.  And got amusingly grouchy.
“Shut up,” Dom mumbled, shedding his own bags and coats into a heap on the floor.  “Hope no one wants to get in,” he said, surveying the obstacle course they’d made between them.
“Or out,” Orlando added, grin widening and raising an eyebrow salaciously.
“You should be so lucky,” Dom replied, before: “So do I get a tour?”
He snorted, pointed left “Kitchen,” pointed right, “Lounge,” up the stairs, “bedrooms, bathroom.”
“Yer such a fuck, you know that?”
“Why yes I do,” he grinned at Dom’s exasperated face.  “But right now, this fuck is going to bed.”  He eyed the piles of luggage on the floor, “Before I end up sleeping here….c’mon, I’ll show you where you can sleep.”
“It’s not with you is it?”  Dom asked, screwing up his face in mock disgust as he trudged up the stairs behind him.
“Not likely mate,” Orlando replied, trailing his hand up the worn wooden handrail to keep him steady.  “I never bring my conquests to my mother’s house.”
They plodded up two more stairs in silence.
“That’s a lie isn’t it?”
“Yep.”  But I didn’t bring you here, you came willingly, he thought.
Dom snorted behind him and Orlando smiled to himself as he reached the landing.
“This is my old room,” he said, turning left into the room and flicking the switch.  The overwhelming feeling of relief at being somewhere so safe and his flooded through him.
“Ooh… the lair or Orlando.  Can I see?”  Dom asked, peering over his shoulder, hands on Orlando’s lower back pushing gently.
“To fan the flames of your perverted fantasies?” he quipped, moving aside to let him in.
“Naturally,” Dom grinned at him before moving to the exact middle of the room.  Stood there and turned in a slow circle taking everything in.  Orlando’s bed, black and large - and if Dom didn’t get out of there in a minute he’d just lay down and go to sleep regardless of what Dom was doing at the time.
The posters that had adorned his walls - for five years too many at least.  Superman, of course.  Debbie Harry.  LadyDeath behind the door.  Stereo on the chest of drawers.  CD rack empty save a few unloved titles that didn’t make the cut, and were much too embarrassing, to take with him when he’d moved out.  Lots of old cassette tapes that he’d never listen to again.  Would throw them out one day…save a couple as mementos.  Closet, in the same state as the CD racks.  Old sports equipment in the corner.  Bookshelf with worn books stacked haphazardly.  Fuck he missed home sometimes.
Dom appeared to finish his observations, turned to him with a raised eyebrow, “LadyDeath?”
“She’s hot man,” he replied simply, gestured back into the corridor.  “Come on, I’ll show you where you can crash.”
He led the way to the next door up the hall.  “This is Sam’s room,” he told Dom, turning on the light to illuminate what was definitely a room once inhabited by a girl.  Pink.  Flowers.  Stuffed animals.
The look on Dom’s face was priceless.
“Fuck you,” Dom mumbled at the grin gracing Orlando’s face.
“Bathroom’s that door there,” he said ignoring the comment and pointing to the door across the hall.  “And now I’m going to crash before I fall over.”
“Night,” Dom mumbled, gingerly stepping further into the room, and Orlando couldn’t tell if the tone was dejected or exhausted.  He chuckled and made his way back into his own room.  Closed the door, turned off the light, threw everything he was wearing on the floor and practically fell into bed.
* * *
He wasn’t sure how much time had passed when he woke up next, lying on his stomach, but he wasn’t as tired as before and it was still pitch black in the room.
Vaguely annoyed at waking up for no apparent reason he buried his face into the pillow, stretched his arms out, fingertips gripping the sides of the mattress for a second,  and legs downwards under the covers, relishing the warmth and sheer pleasure of the muscles un-bunching under his skin.
The soft creak of the floorboard just outside his room, though, he did hear.  Knew it well in fact, the floorboard that alerted him to his sister sneaking back in at night when he was a kid, or meant his mum was coming to check he was asleep, giving him a split second to kill the light and throw whatever book or comic he was reading down the side of his bed.  The floorboard that he always remembered to avoid when he was old enough to be sneaking back inside himself.
The door opened a crack, letting in a slightly cold draft, and he could just make out a figure peeking in.
“Dom?” he whispered, though there was no one to be quiet for, nor anyone else it could be.
“Yeah,” Dom answered, whispering too, opening the door and stepping inside.  “You awake?”
“Um…”
“Yeah, yeah…I mean are you awake enough for company?”
Orlando scrunched up his eyes, un-scrunched them, trying to squeeze the foggy sleep from his head, turned over onto his back and sat up, hands keeping the covers at his waist.  Could just make out Dom standing there in what he thought was a t-shirt and boxers.  “What’s up?”
“The dolls are looking at me.”
Orlando wondered just how awake he really was.  “Excuse me?”
“Samantha’s dolls, man, they’re fuckin’ freaking me out.”
“Her dolls,” he repeated, aware he was sounding like an idiot but still having trouble comprehending what the hell was going on.
“Get with it Orli,” Dom said sounding exasperated and now Orlando could tell that Dom was grinning, could see the soft white sparkle of teeth as his eyes adjusted to the darkness.  “Sam’s dolls keep staring at me.”  Again the flash of white teeth.
Dom.
“I’m not going to get anymore sleep for awhile right?” he asked, knowing the answer.
Hoping he knew the reason also.
“Nope,” Dom answered, coming over to the bed and nudging at the covers, hitting Orli’s upper thigh.  “Move over.”
“I’m kinda naked here, Sblom.”
“Worried I’m gonna plunder your virginity?”  Dom grinned, his breath fanning hotly past Orlando’s ear.
“Only if I’m lucky,” he replied without missing a beat, shifting over to the other side of the bed, again holding the covers over him.
“I’m pretty expensive,” Dom responded smugly, settling in under the covers on his side.
“I think I can afford you.”  Give me half a chance, he thought.
“Yer awfully sure of yourself, aren’t you?”
“Mmhmm.”
Dom snuggled down into the bed, his bed, next to him, pulled the covers up to his chest.  Looked up to him, eyes shining, mouth quirked “Aren’t you going to join me?”
“You know,” Orlando said, sliding down into the bed, “If anyone asks, this never happened.”  What exactly never happened remained to be seen.
“No problems,” Dom told him, squirmed around getting comfortable, “I’ll just say I can’t talk about it.”
“Dominic,” he growled, drawing out the name.
“What?”  All innocence and eyebrows.
“You know what.”
“What…you do want me to talk about it to people?”  Dom grinned at him.  Pest.  “Tell them what wild and raunchy things the famous Orlando gets up to with his co-stars?”
“We haven’t gotten up to any wild and raunchy things.  Some of us haven’t even gotten to sleep.”
“Well we haven’t yet anyway,” Dom replied, turning on his side towards him, arm propping him up.
“Gotten to sleep?” he asked, realizing that he was suddenly quite close to Dom.  And still quite naked.  Twitch.
“Gotten raunchy,” Dom replied firmly, staring straight at him.
“And are we going to?”
“Sleep?”  Dom asked, the corner of his mouth turning up, and Orlando could feel the word whisper against his lips.
“Get raunchy.”
“What do you think?”  Dom asked, dangerously closer than a second ago and Orlando abandoned all pretense of playing it cool.
“I think, that um,” he paused, managed to choke out, “please?”
The word barely left his lips before Dom’s lips were on him, soft and warm and just touching, stilled.  He felt Dom’s mouth part, just slightly, then still once more, felt his breathing against his mouth.  Warm and moist, and feather soft, and then moving, parting, opening up to him.  He felt Dom’s tongue against his bottom lip, sliding back and forth slowly, darting up to his top lip.  Dom’s tongue disappeared but his lips stayed wet on his, and then he felt the smile against his mouth, eyes flickering open into Dom’s, pale and reflective in the slight moonlight from the window, but he could nevertheless make out the arousal.
Jesus.
He felt the guttural sound that emanated from the bottom of his throat more than he consciously made it.  Reached out under the covers, found Dom’s hip and gripped tightly as he slipped his tongue between Dom’s lips.  Lips, teeth, tongue.  God yes.  Sliding, dancing, curling together.  Faster and faster, quicker, rougher.  Somewhere he was aware that Dom had a hand on his own hip, sliding up and down his naked skin, clutching and releasing, digging in sharply as Orlando moved his own hip-placed hand downwards, over the silk of Dom’s boxers, contacting.
“Fuck…” Dom shuddered against him breaking the contact of their swollen mouths.
“You’re wearing all together too many clothes, Sblom,” he rasped softly, head spinning, blood pounding so hard it felt like something was going to burst through his skin.
“I’d take them off but I swear to god Orli if you move your hand I’m going to kill you,” Dom groaned.
Orlando grinned, curled his hand around Dom through the silk and flexed his fingers.
“Fuck, Orli…”  Dom managed to grunt before he captured Orlando’s mouth again, tongue invading possessively.  The hand resting on Orlando’s thigh disappeared and then he felt it cupping his cheek and jaw, rubbing over the scratchy stubble and then sliding smoothly back around his head, into the curls of his hair.  He let his own hand slip back and then forwards again through the thin material, felt Dom’s mouth freeze against his momentarily, turn languid and soft, tongue slowing.  The thumb at Orlando’s temple smoothing sensuously back and forth in an action so gentle he could hardly believe Dom was capable of it at the same time as the arching in his hand and the teeth that were now teasing his bottom lip.
“Closer,” Dom murmured against his lips, shifting until they were just touching, chest to toe, sliding a leg in between Orlando’s.
“Closer,” Dom murmured again, this time against his jaw and Orlando laughed softly returning his hand to Dom’s hip, the top of his thigh, pushing closer until they were flush against each other, warmth and skin and silk and friction.
“Probably shouldn’t tell people about this,” Dom said, chewing lightly on Orlando’s jaw.
“No….probably not…” he agreed with a grin.  Breathed in sharply as Dom moved against him below.
“I thought you said you weren’t going to plunder my virginity,” he murmured, running his hand up under Dom’s t-shirt, smoothing it over the warm skin of his side, over ribs and then sliding over and down his back.  Dom licked and bit up to Orlando’s ear in a second.
“You’re not a virgin,” he breathed.
Orlando shivered, “No...”
“Well then.”
“I knew you had perverted fantasies.”
“Only of you,” Dom answered, mouth quirking, moving back to Orlando’s mouth, hands exploring, limbs tangling.  Rearranging, melding.
“For real this time,” he said the second Dom pulled back from his mouth again.  “You need to take your clothes off now.”
Dom’s eyes narrowed slyly.  “I do?”
“Don’t you play coy with me, Sblom,” he warned, reaching down to the hem of Dom’s t-shirt.  Grabbed two fistfuls of the material and tugged upwards.  “Sit up.”
Dom, miraculously, Orlando thought, did as he was told, shifted himself upright.  Orlando pulled the shirt over Dom’s head, over his arms, let it drop to the edge of the bed.  Half naked Dom.  Well that’s a plus.
“Better?”
“Almost,” he answered, abandoning the next step of removing the boxers to lean inwards for a second, touch his lips to the collarbone that was beckoning to him.  Draw his tongue slowly along it.  He could feel Dom’s heartbeat through his skin, found it intensely erotic for some reason.  Leaned down a little more, dipped his tongue into the hollow at the bottom of Dom’s throat and felt him swallow beneath it.  Tasted salt.
When he pulled back Dom’s eyes were closed, one of his hands closed tightly around a fist of pillow.
Orlando smirked.  What, Dom thought he was the only seducer in this scenario?
“You can lie back down now.”
“Um…yes,” Dom said, eyes opening before he slithered back down into bed.
Orlando stayed sitting, placed his fingertips on Dom’s chest, let them trail down skin and ribs, navel.  Waistband.  Dom arched his hips without being told and Orlando couldn’t help but smile ridiculously, slipped his fingers under the silky material and drew them over and down.  Let Dom kick them off the remaining way as his hand smoothed back up Dom’s thigh.  Found what he was looking for and elicited a barely audible “Orli...”
* * *
Orlando was behind Dom, chest pressed against Dom’s back, expanding into Dom’s spine as he took shuddery breaths.  Pressed forwards with a muted groan, pulled Dom closer, though still not close enough.
Grazed his teeth over the tendons in Dom’s neck, his shoulder, felt the tension inside him build with the noises in Dom’s throat, the way he was pressing back into him, his arm twisted back and hand gripping Orlando’s hip so tightly it hurt.
And when Dom cried out, “Orli!” he couldn’t take it anymore, arched into Dom as he came, eyes closing and head tipping back.  Vaguely aware of Dom tensing suddenly and gripping Orlando’s hip hard enough to bruise.
God yes, was literally all he could think as he sank down into Dom and the bed, heart thudding fast in his chest, lungs burning.  Stayed like that for what felt like minutes, forehead resting against the back of Dom’s head, against damp hair, silent.  Felt the last twitches of pleasure in his muscles starting to ebb.
“Fuck,” he managed eventually.
“Fuck,” Dom agreed, rise and fall of his breath slowing against Orlando’s chest.
“I can sleep now right?” he grinned, placed his lips at the base of Dom’s neck as he said it.
“Hmm…yes,” Dom consented, maneuvering out from under Orlando to settle on his back.
“Good,” Orlando smiled, lay on his stomach and nuzzled down into the pillow, arm stretched possessively over Dom’s chest.
He began to grow sleepy almost immediately, sure that in the morning he’d be able to process things just a little better than the moment.  No hurry.
“So Debbie Harry, eh?”
He mumbled into the pillow, too tired to lift his head, “It was always about Superman you know.”
“Superman, eh?”
“Shut up, Sblom.”
Fuck he loved being home.
The ground cracked below him; with every step he’d leave a broken trail. Running only made it worse, walking made his bridge crumble.
You couldn’t escape yourself.
No matter how much you run, how much you scratch and tear, how much you drink, bleed.
Asking for help would only drag the person down, deeper into his madness.
The ground is smashing below him, just standing there too long will cause it to break, like glass and swallow him whole.
So he keeps walking, running, trying to get away because he knows the fate. He can feel it, drumming through his veins, pushing him down further.
After all these years, he’s finally paused for a breath. The ground beneath his shoes sinks, cracking like desert water, like broken glass.
There was no time, no time to jump away, to sprint off.
It swallowed him whole.
The room is lovely, the small hotel is perfect, the only down side - twin beds.  Stephen looks at them with no small measure of disgust when they return from dinner  - he's had a little wine, and after a day outside, with plenty of fresh air, it's gone to his head.
He toes off his sneakers and drops the snap sack on the bureau and makes his way to the small balcony on the opposite wall.
There's a complimentary bottle of wine in their room and Antony cracks it open, pouring them both a half glass before joining Stephen on the balcony. "Beautiful, isn't it?" he says, nodding at the vineyard, rows and rows of vines in front of them, stretching as far as the eye can see. He hands Stephen his glass. "To us and being here together."
Stephen raises a brow at the wine, he's already had enough to get him tipsy, and Antony knows this, clearly his lover is happy for him to get a little more...loose. "To us," Stephen raises the wine in salute and takes a drink, he turns to the view once more and smiles.  "I love Italy, I think it's my new favourite place," he announces. "Thank you for bringing me here."
"It's my pleasure," Antony says, sliding a arm around Stephen's waist, the vineyard and balconies around them completely empty. "It's one of my favourites too so I'm glad you like it so much."
Leaning in Stephen tilts his head to Antony's shoulder.  "We should come back each year - still have time for new places, but here, here's special."
"I'd love that. Definitely," Antony murmurs, absolutely thrilled with the idea. "I also love how much you like travelling. Most of the guys I work with, they don't want to move from home in their off-time."
Tilting his head Stephen presses his lips to Antony's throat. "Home is wherever you are. I have you? Then I'm home."
"I feel the same way," Antony says with a soft sound of pleasure at the touch of Stephen's mouth. "I love you," he whispers, shifting enough that he can kiss Stephen.
"I love you too," the words are murmured against Antony's mouth as Stephen opens up to return the kiss,  his lover tastes of wine, smells of sunshine and Stephen tucks the memory of this moment away to treasure. It's perfect.  It's all so perfect.
"We're going to have to be quiet here," Antony murmurs, smiling, in between kisses, one hand sliding down Stephen's back to pull him in even closer.
"Quiet? We've separate beds," Stephen's reply is mischievous. "Even your cock's not that long."
Antony laughs. "Who said anything about bed?" he teases back, eyes crinkling.
"Ugh huh?"  Stephen shakes his head.  "Not on the floor...my poor knees." He plants a quick kiss on Antony's mouth before pulling back and lifting his glass to his mouth.  "Not so sure I want to submit tonight," he admits softly.  "Okay?"
"Completely," Antony says with a nod and a smile. "I was thinking more along the lines of an old-fashioned make-out session anyway. Did you have a twin bed at home?"
"No I had a three quarter, I got tall and broad pretty quick," Stephen winks at his lover as he turns to lean against the wall.  "An old fashioned make out session huh?  Do I get to cum in my shorts then?" he teases.
"Is that what you did then?" Antony asks, draining his wineglass and setting it aside. "You didn't even get a handjob?"
"Well, no...I was still trying girls and I'd make them just rub me through my underwear - it was a bit weird I guess, but that must've just been how I dealt with trying to be straight." Stephen shrugs, and finishes his own wine.  "When I got the gay? There was no innocent making out sessions, it was in at the deep end," he admits with that wide easy grin of his.
"I'll bet," Antony says, moving closer, his hand going to Stephen's hip, "but that's sort of a shame."
"Is it?"  Stephen tilts his head and meets Antony's gaze.  Clearly his lover is in the mood - and the vibe is different to normal.  "Are you going to show me what I missed out on?"
"I was thinking about it," Antony murmurs, leaning in to press his lips against Stephen's, the kiss soft and warm and a lot more tentative than usual.
"I'd like that,"  Stephen's words are almost lost in the kiss.  He reaches out to set his hands on Antony's hips, not pulling his lover any closer, wanting to see where Antony will take this new vibe.
One soft kiss follows another, Antony not pushing any further even though his body's responding eagerly to the intimacy.
Stephen hums into his lover's mouth, one hand moving up, he slips it around the side of Antony's neck, light stubble scratching the heel of his palm.
"God, you feel good," Antony murmurs between kisses, sucking lightly at Stephen's lower lip. "Taste good." The slowness of it all seeming right for here, tonight.
"I love how you taste,"  Stephen returns when he can, when Antony's mouth allows him speech.  "I love how you smell, always gets me hard," he presses closer, tilting his hips to let his lover know just how much he's into this.
"Mm. Everything about you gets me hard," Antony returns with a grin and a soft groan, sliding his hands up under Stephen's t-shirt and over smooth, warm skin.
"Everything?"  Stephen's smile is soon pressed back against Antony's mouth, he kisses his lover deeper, wanting more now, wanting to step this up.
"Pretty much," Antony confirms, licking into Stephen's mouth, their tongues tangling, their cocks pressed hard against each other through their clothes. Fuck. "This needs to come off," he says, breaking away just long enough to pull Stephen's t-shirt over his head.
"Inside," Stephen groans.  "Please." He's aware of the cool evening breeze on his skin and he needs to go inside - where it's private and he can relax.
T-shirt in hand, Antony tugs Stephen back inside their room by a belt loop, the door to the balcony closed behind them. "C'mere," he says, sitting on the edge of the bed, Stephen pulled to stand between his legs. He grins up at his lover and kisses his stomach, mouth moving over the skin just above his shorts.
"S'this how you used to make out?"  Voice hitching at the play of Antony's lips over his skin, the muscles in his belly fluttering.  "Really?"
"No, not really," Antony says, shaking his head. He kicks off his shoes and stretches out on the twin bed, pulling Stephen to join him. It's a tight squeeze and means they need to be pressed real close, but that's idea... "This is more like it," he says, starting in on kissing Stephen again.
It's funny, in a lovely light hearted way - and Stephen is even more smitten with his wonderful man that he wants to share something so simple and sweet with him.  He's smiling against the kisses, giggling soon when things start getting awkward as they try and feel each other up.  "I love you."
"I love you too," Antony grins, unable to stop, so happy here in this moment, it's like there's nothing else in the world. He unsnaps Stephen's shorts, sliding his hand inside, fingers trailing over his cock through his briefs. "Better?"
"Always," Stephen groans against Antony's mouth, "Love the way you touch me," his cock kicks up against that featherlight touch.
"Even when I'm teasing you?" Antony asks, pressing more firmly, fingers moving over the fabric, molding it around that ridge.
"Teasing, hurting, s'all loving me." The words are breathy, hitching when Antony finds a particularly sensitive spot. His own fingers tighten against his lover's hard body.
Antony groans, his own needs rising to the fore as he slips his hand under Stephen's briefs, fingers touching hot bare flesh. "You feel so good," he murmurs, wrapping his hand around Stephen's cock in the tight space between them.
Breath stuttering in his chest, Stephen lets out a low moan of utter pleasure.  "You're a wicked tease Tony," he mumbles, lips sliding along his lover's stubbled jawline to his ear. "Wicked and wonderful." He works his own hand down, shifting enough to allow him to cup Antony through his shorts, the long thick length of his lover obvious against the fabric.
"That hasn't changed," Antony grins, hissing softly, his cock throbbing under Stephen's touch. "I've always been wicked. I've just never been so focused with it."
"Focused?  S'that what I do to you?"  Stephen squeezes harder, loving that particular noise of his lover's. "Give you focus?"
"Fuck." Antony curses beneath his breath, followed by a rough groan. "Partly." Because fuck no, when Stephen touches him like this, most of his focus goes right out the window. Still... he tightens his own grip, moving his hand over Stephen's bare flesh, intent of shattering his lover's control.
"Partly?"  Stephen's not about to give it up yet, despite his lover's clear determination to make him incoherent with want.  He nips hard at Antony's lower lip.
"You're my focus, everything about you," Antony whispers, the words smeared against Stephen's mouth. "My wickedness, my sadism, my love... Everything. But you're also the only one who can make me lose focus. Make me forget everything else. You're my muse. My inspiration and my undoing."
Antony rarely speaks to him in this manner - he's not a man who waxes lyrical - he's a practical, down to earth guy, so the words have a physical response in Stephen, his belly tightens and his heart kicks up a beat, fingers tightening further he attacks Antony's mouth with a fresh hunger, almost wresting control from his dominant lover.
There's no rules for this. Not here, not like this, and Antony groans at the attack, their mouths clashing, working Stephen's cock at a feverish pace, his own arousal ground against his lover's hand through his shorts. So fucking close...
Stephen gives as good as he gets, until he's actually growling into the fierce kisses he and Antony are exchanging, his hand mirrors Antony's in motion, short, harsh, jerky tugs though fabric, a race to see who will fall over first.
"Fuck," Antony blurts out, amused, biting sharply at Stephen's lower lip. "You really want me to come in my shorts?"
"I want you to cum,"  Stephen growls back, the pain from the bite firing him up even more.  He's flushed and so fucking turned on, his blue eyes sparking with agitated need.
"All yours," Antony returns, body stiffening as his cock sprays, soaking both hand and fabric, pleasure shuddering through him.
Stephen works Antony's cock just a little longer, until he can feel the damp on the palm of his hand, he groans as he kisses his lover's pleasure slack mouth. "I love you...you're mine," he rumbles.
Antony nods. "I love you too," he whispers, licking across Stephen's lips. The realization that his boy's probably waiting for permission only now sinking in. "Your turn." His hand moving faster than ever, demanding his lover's release.
Until Antony says it, Stephen wasn't aware he had been holding back, waiting for the go ahead, a cue to orgasm.  So the moment the words register, Stephen's body takes over, and his cock pulses thick over his lover's wicked fingers.
The wet heat on his fingers draws yet another groan from Antony and he gentles his strokes until he had every last drop, his mouth soft and warm now on Stephen's. "You are the best thing that's ever happened to me," he whispers.
"Good," Stephen mumbles, "You're mine too."  Not terribly coherent, but the intention was to return the sentiment.  Stephen can't imagine letting anyone else touch him in an intimate manner ever again - for him there is only Antony.
… thought clings round dead limbs
  Tightening its lusts and luxuries.
T. S. Eliot, “Whispers of Immortality”

… the lack of a heart does not save us from heart trouble.
Last First Snow


Akargath keep you diabolically busy. Merely rendering their library of active contracts into an order amenable to human filing systems takes several months; another year has sleeted sparkling through your fingers by the time you finally organise moving somewhere more convenient for their new offices and the Hell Embassy. You earmark your moving window carefully for several months ahead again, jammed into a sliver of uncalendared time between the expected court dates for an extradition case and your fledgling legal department's first annual audit. It overlaps, in the end, with court dates for an entirely different matter, three new deadlines for audit paperwork, and Kelethres Albrecht dispatching Ashleigh Wakefield to Alt Coulumb on notice so short all you get is a note with a few choice comments about the affairs of gods and a sardonic suggestion that you not wait up.
The week after you are finally moved in and two days after the note telling you he is back in town, Ash turns up just when you were beginning to wonder where he was, kisses you on the zygomatic bone and walks past into the living room.
He taps his cane on the polished floor and says "You're getting better at this. This might even qualify as chic."
"Nice to see you too. Drink?"
"Please."
You step into the narrow kitchen and return with glasses. Ash is perched on the arm of the couch, looking critically at the small sculpture displayed on the end table. It's one of R'ok's more recent pieces: a miniature bronze nude, a tediously classical choice of both subject and material, and yet in the hands - claws - of an artist to whom bronze, the classical tradition and the human body are all equally alien, new dimensions appear.
With Akargath hiring you as in-house counsel and liaison to local Concerns, their presence in Shikaw has necessarily expanded; there's no point in holding negotiations in the demon realm when both parties are human. But equally it would be inappropriate - "unseemly" appears to be the closest K'lint can get to it - for a permanent office of the collective to be staffed without any demons at all, and so in a sequel so neat you wish you had planned it deliberately, R'ok is back in the world.
"What does it look like to you?" Ash says abruptly, without looking up from his study of the little elongated figure.
You lean over his shoulder, enjoying the warmth of his body through his suit, and consider the piece again. It is brown-green, dully reflective, already accumulating patina. The long, contorted lines of bronze look less cast than knotted, and are pitted with dark, uniform holes resembling those on a lotus pod. The similarity to a human figure is only approximate; the posture only strainedly one achievable in nature. Its detail is intricate, the labour that went into it self-evident, and you like its cryptic commentary on how R'ok perceives the human world, his human friends. You.
"It's evocative," you tell Ash. "And R'ok wanted me to have it. What, is it that desperately out of fashion?"
Ash laughs, and the odd moment of discomfort dissipates. He reaches up for your hand; his fingerbones click into yours with a sound like sparrow-tiles. "So far out you’re in danger of circling around and becoming avant-garde.”
You disentangle yourself and hand over his drink. You take the other end of the couch and savour your own: alcohol, malt, earth, the faintest trace of limestone from Shikaw's perennially hard water. It's cold, but gains the illusion of warmth from the corrosive prickle of the spirits.
You rarely 
    think 
  about your own senses so much, but Ash's question about the sculpture has made the gulf between you obtrusive again. With Craft, rather than chemistry, mediating the interface between your soul and the physical world, the fluid feedback loop between sense and emotion has been broken and imperfectly reset. You retain both, and they still feed one another, but between the two falls a shadow; a faint but ever-present difference between hue and colour, heat and warmth.
There are advantages, to be sure. It is easier to be sure of what sensations 
    are 
  when the emotional response is not smothering them, and easier to be aware of your emotions when you see them coming.
And your life will be very long.
You drink the whiskey. You appreciate the array of flavours, more precisely distinguishable now, and the ways in which the acetals and diketones amplify, suppress and complement one another. You remember other times you have drunk it to lubricate conversation, to celebrate fortune, to dull heartbreak. Once - an old recollection of the Elder Hall bar, abruptly pin-sharp - you watched a much younger Ash hold court, glittering like starlight, and drank it to chase down the cocktail of lust, envy and resentment sitting in your guts.
The liquid dissipates into nothing in the time it takes to pass your jaw, as your glyphs harvest its heat, volatility, structure, and finally existence for the web of Craft that powers you.
You become aware as you finish it that Ash is watching you, chin propped on one hand. His eyes are dancing. He leans forward as you put the glass down, and kisses you again, rather more carefully. You feel his hands come up to hold you, one behind your head, one cradling your hip - one still clothed in flesh, one glyphworked bone, like yours.
You have kissed him rather more times without lips than you did with them. It remains persistently almost adversarial. Some people in your position - which by now is half on top of him on the sofa, hands inside his unbuttoned shirt - might have a boyfriend or a lover or a partner. You have a challenge.
Ash's elbow sends his glass flying. Both of you catch for it with Craft at the same moment, and it pinwheels in the air. You pull back; Ash sets it down, strokes your jawbone and says "I'd rather not do that to your demonic art collection."
"I have 
    one 
  demonic sculpture. One."
You pull one another up, laughing. Ash discards his jacket on the couch. "Which is still a substantially greater investment than most people would consider reasonable -"
You tug his shirt down over his shoulders and run blunt, fleshless fingers down over the firm muscle. His nipples are hard and fit pleasingly between your fingerbones. "Says you."
"I am 
    also 
  much more than most people consider reasonable," Ash agrees. Talking while kissing, that's another pleasant bonus to a skull open to the air. His hands have peeled you of your own jacket even as he shudders at your touch. "Is that a new bed?"
You splashed out. The value of a good mattress is, it turns out, felt even more keenly in a spine without padding. "It's a little hard still." You stop your hand, quite deliberately, at Ash's waistband. "It could probably use breaking in."
A few minutes pass in wordless logistics. Ash strips. You disentangle your tie and braces from your ribcage and do the same.
Clean sheets, silvered scars, fair skin, ivory-polished bones: you are a complementary palette in off-white. The light adds metallic highlights off your glyphwork and Ash’s hair. Work is taking its toll, though, the golden hair fading at his parting to gilt-and-silver. In a few more years he'll have the kind of look people call 
    distinguished
  , if he makes it that far. You twine your fingers through it, appreciating the soft slide of it across and between your finger-bones, and smother a laugh at the contrast. What a pair you make.
He lowers his mouth to your clavicle. Heat flowers through the glyphs, and you moan in the memory of your throat.
A masterwork, 
  Ash called you, that first feverish night before you went to Hell. You do not know what he saw in you then, but tonight, the bedroom mirror conjures a dozen variations on the Triumph of Death. In one, Ash takes you in cubist superposition, your bodies a series of angles passing through one another. In another, one arched glance upward produces a silhouette blunt and tawdry as a block-print broadsheet. In yet another he is stark chiaroscuro, your shadow falling across him just shy of where the mask would lie, exposing a narrow gleaming strip of the skull beneath the skin.
You offer yourself to him and are accepted. He renders himself to you in turn and is received. It is removed from Craftwork in degree and in attitude, but not entirely in kind. An exchange it remains. And so a little of Ash's soulstuff leaches into you and a little of yours into him, and it is not a thing you ever noticed when you still had flesh, but within the infinitesimal disconnect between soul and form it becomes visible.
Sense, response; act, emotion. Ash closes his lips around your fingerbones, mouth closing softly in the joint between phalanges. It fires nerves you do not have, to be so encompassed.
You are a frame, an armature, without skin's fundamental boundary. Every touch teeters on the verge of penetration; Ash has only to slide his hands a little further over the bone and he is within you, filling your empty volume possessively with himself.
Now he ruts against the smooth arches of your pelvis, fingers threaded around your ribs and spine and his mouth on your jaw, your cervical vertebrae, your clavicle and shoulderblade. You dig your fingers into his shoulders and back, marvelling at how you ever took this - taut muscle, smooth skin, 
    weight - 
  for granted, when the mere fact of several octillion atoms arranging themselves into Ashleigh Wakefield strains reason far more than anything ever brought before a court.
He comes inside you, shockingly hot against your sacrum. You barely feel it as heat and wetness before that too is confiscated by your glyphs.
(Further advantages of skeletization: no mess. But it's a shame, that there won't be as much as a scuff on your bones - or your sheets - to remind you, remind you both afterwards. By contrast, your phalanges tight on Ash's shoulders have already marked him. He could heal it with a thought, and perhaps will, if it bothers him - but not for a day or so, at least, not while he enjoys wearing your fingerprints in amongst his professional tattoos and unprofessional scars. What is flesh for, if not to keep the score?)
The attentiveness of his tongue and lips to the ridges and hollows of the bone is perverse, gorgeous, extraordinary, maddening. You come hard, phalanges lost in his golden hair, arching and tensing as his mouth undoes you.
Sated, you settle together. The bowl of your skull fits into the soft hollow under his collarbone as of the one had been made to hold the other. His fingers wander affectionately down your spine, probing with absentminded curiosity at the protruding flanges and humps and bumps and the empty spinal canal. You no longer have muscles to feel tension in; the gentle, aimless kneading of your back drains the tension out of them nonetheless.
Ashleigh Wakefield cares about very few people, and would probably deny that care is what this is if you asked him to his face. So you don't ask. A little more of the night ebbs away silently as he holds you, and then a little more when you at last disentangle and make ready for bed; a little more again lying side by side in the warm dark. Ash makes some passing comment about the threadcount of your sheets, barely bothering to pretend he is not by now just doing it to needle you. You return in kind. These count as sweet nothings, more or less.
You informed the office you would be unavailable by nightmare telegraph tonight, and warded the bedroom to be sure. An urgent personal commitment, you said, which is certainly one way of putting it. And so for once you sleep entirely dreamlessly: you did not think you warded it 
    quite 
  so tightly, but perhaps your subconscious simply spotted a rare opportunity for genuine rest and took it.
You surface before your alarm, feeling fuzzy but refreshed. Even the prospect of another batch of pre-audit paperwork can do little to take the shine off.
Ash folds himself back into his suit, and departs for his own base of operations before heading in to work. He'll be in the office by nine, changed, polished and immaculate, ready to disarticulate whatever new monstrosity Kelethres Albrecht present him with. It might be two days or two months before he saunters back into your orbit again. 
  But he'll be back; 
    we’re in this together, 
  you remember he said once, which is probably as close as Ash will ever get to 
    I love you.
You carry the fading threads of his soulstuff with you through the streets of Shikaw to your office. The auditors have sent another bundle of queries. Akargath have sent, via overnight portal, a stack of documents answering the previous set, for certain values of "answer" and indeed "document". Your assistant has called in sick. Tomorrow something else will be wrong. But for now all is sunny: the icy Ashleigh Wakefield is out there confronting divinities and Deathless with your finger-marks on his back, and mere Hell pales in comparison.
It was making Shige’s skin crawl. He had never really thought of himself as the jealous type. Perhaps occasionally the thought had entered his mind, but his past partners were always quick to return to his side, so the thought never stayed long. However, now was a different story.
“Would you like another drink?” Shige’s attention snapped back to the girl next to him, he gave a slight nod. The girl leaned in close, taking an appreciative sniff, “your cologne smells lovely.”
“Thank you,” he said suddenly nervous, his eyes darted back across the club to the table where Yuko was sitting a little too close to her customer, Shige’s eyes widened as he noticed the dark look that Yuko was shooting the girl next to him. The man she was with put a hand on her arm, pulling her closer and Yuko laughed, her attention immediately back as she flirted shamelessly with the older gentleman. Shige felt his insides clench again as he downed his drink.
The girl next to him was a brunette, with big eyes and soft pink lips. Her name was Ryoko. She leaned closer again, and for a very brief moment all the jealousy pent up under Shige’s skin evaporated. Yuko laughed a little too loud, and Shige’s attention was back on her, his jealousy snapping through his veins once again. The old man had an arm wrapped around her as he whispered in her ear but Yuko’s smile wasn’t reaching her eyes. She was staring intently at Shige’s table.
“Oh, I seem to be making Yuko-chan angry,” Ryoko’s breathy voice said near his ear and Yuko’s glare intensified to the point Shige had to suppress a shiver. “She’s cute when she’s mad.” Ryoko continued, brushing her fingers up Shige’s arm. Yuko leaned closer to the man, giving Shige a smirk as she placed her hand on the man’s thigh. Shige’s jaw clenched. He tore his eyes away from Yuko and focused on Ryoko who gave him a small smirk back.
“You’re cute when you’re angry too,” she said leaning even closer.
“Why are you doing this?” Shige murmured. Out of the corner of his eye he saw Yuko’s hand rise dangerously up the man’s thigh. Shige focused his eyes on Ryoko instead, reaching up to twirl a lock of her hair around his finger. Ryoko smiled.
“Because isn’t this fun?” she said, biting down on her bottom lip slightly.
-
Tegoshi was livid. He was gonna punch Yamada in the face for getting so close to Shige. The old man he was serving kept pulling him closer. At first he allowed it because he liked the dangerous glint in Shige’s eyes, the way his jaw clenched, the way his throat worked as he gulped his drinks faster and faster, but then Yamada Ryosuke noticed. So now here he was stuck in a game he no longer wanted to play while Yamada kept leaning too close, making Shige pay attention to his Ryoko instead of Yuko.
Tegoshi put a hand on the man’s thigh, smirking at Shige, his gaze intensified; Tegoshi shivered, he could feel himself starting to get hard under his skirt. Shige looked absolutely divine this way, predatory and dangerous. Ryoko leaned in whispering in Shige’s ear with a coy smile, and Shige turned his attention to her. Tegoshi felt his insides clench. If anyone should be on the receiving end of that glare it should be him and him alone. He watched as Ryoko smirked at Shige, Tegoshi could feel Shige’s eyes on him still so he ran his hand higher up the thigh of his guest. His eyes widened when he saw Shige lift his hand up to play with Ryoko’s hair.
Then he felt it, the old man had gotten closer still, tongue swiping at the space behind his ear and Tegoshi shivered in disgust.
-
Shige didn’t remember standing up or crossing the room to grab Yuko’s hand and pulling her out of the club, so the cold wind hitting him as they made their way out was a slap to the face.
“Shige you can’t just-” Shige cut her off with his lips. He kissed her hungry and angry, hands reaching to grab onto the frame in front of him, his hands pushing up Tegoshi’s skirt up feeling Tegoshi’s dick begin to harden. Yuko let out a whine as her fingers threaded through the hair at Shige’s nape, nails scratching lightly as she clutched. Shige needed more, Shige needed to make sure Yuko knew she belonged to him and only him. He kissed down her neck, nipping at the overly sensitive skin. His hand made its way into Yuko’s panties as he grinded his hips against her thigh. He pushed her against the brick wall his hips snapping against Yuko. He could still feel it: the rage, the jealousy coursing through his veins. Yuko moaned, low and needy, her hands running down Shige’s chest, making their way to the front of his pants to find Shige was already painfully hard. Shige flipped her over then, Tegoshi’s hands hitting the bricks, the faint pinpricks of pain shooting pleasure down her spine. Shige crouched, pulling Yuko’s panties down to her thighs before spreading her open. Yuko let out a loud moan, as Shige licked around her opening without warning.
“Shut up,” Shige growled, his hand coming down hard on Tegoshi’s ass, Tegoshi whimpered putting her hand over her mouth to help muffle herself as Shige continued to lick the tight ring of muscle. Shige covered his fingers in spit, before pushing one into Yuko. She bucked, her hand coming down to grab hold of herself in an effort to maximize the pleasure that was ringing through her veins. She let out a high-pitched whine as Shige spanked her again.
“Do not touch yourself, you’re not allowed to come until I tell you to.” Shige stood up then, draping himself along her back as he pushed a second finger into her warmth. “This is a punishment for touching another man,” he growled into her ear before licking the shell. Shige reached down to unbuckle his pants, pulling them down just enough to free himself. He pulled Yuko away from the wall, guiding her down until she was squatting down in front of him. Her skirt was pushed all the way up allowing the street light to capture the glistening of her precum. Yuko’s mouth hung open, as her chest heaved, Shige didn’t think he’d ever seen something so obscene. He grabbed himself firmly sliding into Yuko’s warm wet mouth. A groan climbed its way out as he thrusted, his nerves buzzing as Yuko pressed her tongue firmly against the bottom of his cock. Shige held onto Yuko’s head as he eased himself all the way in, reveling in the feeling of Yuko’s throat working around him. He looked down and everything within his body clenched and burned. Yuko was looking up at him, her eyes amused. She pulled back, skin flushing as she stroked him, her tongue licking firmly against the head, a coy smile on her lips. Pulling her to her feet, he kissed her softly, slowly building up in pace. He smiled at her softly before turning her around. A sob left her as Shige pushed himself in, a slow burn echoed throughout her body. Shige grabbed hold of her arms holding her up away from the wall as he thrusted into her, the snap of his hips echoing throughout the alley. He could hear cars pass along the street, the quiet chatter of pedestrians walking by. He wondered absently if they could hear him fucking Yuko, if maybe one of them would think to take a shortcut and walk by them. He wondered how Yuko would look to them. Would she look as beautiful as she seemed to him, with her make up running and her cock bouncing in time with his thrusts. Shige pulled her back holding on to her so that her back was flush against his chest.
“Do you like me fucking you out in the open?” Shige whispered harshly into her ear. Yuko couldn’t think, all she could do was feel, and everything felt so good. Shige nipped at her ear and chuckled at how Yuko convulsed in his arms as he buried himself deep in her. Shige reached down, circling around her cock lightly, making sure to keep his touch feather light, he pumped her slowly.
“Please!” Yuko gasped, her hips moving on their own looking for any type of friction, her legs quivering.
“Please what?” Shige pulled himself out keeping the tip of his cock in watching as Yuko pushed back against him immediately. Yuko let out a choked sob as Shige pulled all the way out and slammed his way back in. Tegoshi had never been fucked like this before, so raw and angry, so possessively. She reached her hand down, gripping Shige’s hand and closing it firmly around herself, she had begun to pump herself when suddenly Shige was gone. The sudden loss of everything left Yuko dumbfounded, she turned to look at him as Shige narrowed his eyes at her.
“I told you not to touch yourself, do you not know how to listen?” he said lowly as he walked towards her and Yuko backed up against the wall.
“I’m sorry,” she breathed. She reached for him, but right before she touched him Shige backed away just out of reach.
“For what?” he crossed his arms and Tegoshi had never in her entire life felt this way. Tegoshi reached again, only for Shige to push her hand away, his eyes narrowed.
“For not listening, for touching myself when you said not to, for touching ano-” a sob left Tegoshi, she was so turned on and frustrated and she just wanted Shige back. Hot tears sprang out of her eyes, and then she was enveloped, as Shige kissed her again, his teeth biting her lip before his tongue licked to soothe the skin there, his hand coming down to grab onto her cock, pumping quickly and all Yuko could do was moan into his mouth. Shige turned her around pushing himself in so slowly and gently that Yuko let out another sob, Shige pulled her against his chest, his lips dropping soft kisses down every bit of skin he could reach.
“Close! I’m sorry, I’m so close,” Yuko sobbed and Shige pushed them forward so that Yuko could hold onto the wall. He gripped her hips, fingertips leaving bruises like flower petals on her skin.
“Can you come without me touching you?” Shige asked as he snapped his hips, his cock bumping right in the spot where Tegoshi wanted him the most. Yuko let out another choked sob out before nodding. “Good,” Shige said huskily as he increased his pace slamming against Yuko’s spot over and over. Fireworks were starting to appear behind Yuko’s eyelids.
“....for me, come for me, come for me….” Shige rasped like a prayer against her shoulder and Yuko did just that, everything exploding out at once. Waves upon waves of pleasure crashed upon her like the ocean during a storm. Shige’s pace came to a halt as he orgasmed, his teeth sinking into her shoulder like a brand. When he pulled out Yuko’s legs gave out, and she landed on the ground. A sob leaving her body as she came down from the high. Shige helped her up, using a handkerchief to clean her up some before pulling her underwear back up, and fixing her skirt. Then he hugged her close, his finger’s running down her sides, soft kisses pressed against her temple, her cheeks and then he kissed her so softly, that she wanted to cry harder. He brushed his thumbs along her cheeks, trying to salvage as much of the makeup as he could, but he knew he’d ruined her.
“I’m sorry I may have-” Tegoshi cut him off with a kiss, as searing as the ones she had been given. Shige smiled, his heart had never been so full.
-
Tegoshi patted the towel against his face, having washed off all the makeup. He turned to face Shige who was trying not to hover, a first aid kit in his hands. Tegoshi smiled coming to sit in the chair next to him delightling slightly at the soreness.
“It’s okay,” Tegoshi murmured softly, as Shige went to work on disinfecting his knee, he wasn’t sure when he had managed to scrape it. His fingers were gentle, bending down to kiss around the area every time Tegoshi hissed at the sting.
“Are you sure? It wasn’t too much?” Shige looked up at him, eyes worried, lip between his teeth, and Tegoshi’s heart grew so much he was sure it would explode.
“It wasn’t, it was hot, I really enjoyed you making me yours.” He brushed Shige’s hair back and leant down to drop a kiss on his forehead. “And if this is the aftercare, you can do that as many times as you want.” Shige laughed, dropping a soft kiss of his own on Tegoshi’s knee.
“Hey, Yuya can I come over? I really wanna cuddle you.” Shige said softly, his cheeks flushing. There was a soft knock on the door, before it opened. Ryoko made her way in, smiling brightly at them.
“You!” Tegoshi snapped, and Ryoko laughed, hands coming up to loosen the wig off her head. “Yamada, I want to make something perfectly clear.”
“Go ahead, do you mind if I strip? This dress is uncomfortably tight.”
“No one is telling you to go to the gym, you’re not gonna be able to dress as a girl if you keep this up…..” Tegoshi narrowed his eyes, “just tell your sister you wanna quit.”
“Tegoshi-san, you try telling that demon no.” Ryoko slid out of the dress and into some sweatpants before sitting down to take off her makeup. “My name is Ryosuke, by the way, nice to meet you.” Shige shook the hand Yamada extended.
“Anyway! What I wanted to say was, Shige is mine. So you can’t touch him.” Shige felt his insides warming.
“I know that.” Yamada laughed, turning to face them again, now without his makeup, “Massu paid me to play with you for a bit.” Yamada winked, throwing a zip up hoodie on and grabbing a bag,  “Oh! You got a good one by the way, Yuya, he properly told me to stop before he lunged across the room to collect you, good work today!” He called cheerily as he walked out of the room.
“I’m going to kill Massu, I’m gonna punch him in the face.” Tegoshi pouted and Shige wrapped his arms around him, nuzzling softly into his neck feeling as Tegoshi began to relax into him. “But first back to mine for some food and cuddles and sleep.” Shige made a soft sound already too relaxed and content to offer anything else. Tegoshi stood up pulling Shige with him. He turned to put a shirt on catching a glimpse of the flowering bruise on his shoulder. Shige bent forward kissing it lightly. Their eyes connected and Tegoshi turned to kiss Shige softly, before hugging him tightly.
Tegoshi had always been turned off by jealousy. He hated the idea of being tied down to one person, but with Shige it just seemed right. He was meant to be with him for however long that was. Also, if Shige was going to fuck him into next week every time he got jealous, well, there was nothing wrong with that either. Tegoshi laced their fingers together and pulled Shige out of the club and towards his home, where their bellies would be filled and they would fall asleep 30 minutes into the movie Shige had picked out, arms wrapped around each other, and so so happy.
When The Gods walk among us, they wear masks to hide their features from our unworthy gaze. They are above us, blessing us with their kindness, or cursing us with their wrath as they see fit. We love them, we fear them, but most of all we simply accept them. Gods are part of our world, for better or for worse.
My name is Yuto and I have dedicated my life to these Gods, or at least that was what I wanted. The gods chose their own priest, I was merely training in hopes I would be accepted. My days were spent primarily in the upkeep of the temple of the Goddess of youth, but I had long given up any hope of being accept by her. I had grown too old, for she bore of her priests and priestesses quicker than most. I'd resigned my life to a pleasant but simple life as a temple keeper, one of many who had resigned to their allotted role in life. Which is why I barely felt a glimmer of excitement when I saw the God walking through the town.
I'd never seen this God before, which made me curious who he might be. He was dressed in a simple black outfit, that consisted of nothing more than black jeans, a black t-shirt and a long black coat. He wore a mask of onyx, silver and gold, like a peacock that had lost all colour. It was one of the most elegant and beautiful masks that I had ever seen and I couldn't help but stare at his beauty. Could this be Leoneil? Nobody had seen the God of love, fertility and beauty in a long time, though his female counterpart, the Goddess of women and childbirth, was often seen around town.
To my horror the god caught me staring, and I smiled weakly as he approached. If he was Leoneil then it was impossible to say how he would react. He was used to attention, but many whispered that this was the very reason why he had locked himself away in the Asgardian Halls.
“You work in a temple?” the God asked, as he studied my standard temple garb, “Which one?”
“Hesa,” I answered, trying to keep my emotions in check. His voice alone was rich and powerful, stirring feelings in me that I had never thought I would feel towards another man. “Are you really Leoneil? I was told he wore a peacock mask of green, gold and blue?”
“The colour has gone from my life,” Leoneil answered, “My temple goes ignored. Why do men no longer worship me?”
“They believe beauty is for women,” I admit, “And as you never came, many now act like you don't exist.”
“The name Leoneil still means something to you?” Leoneil asked. “Enough that you would turn your back on Hesa for me?”
“I don't understand what you're saying,” I answer, “Are you asking me to be your priest? You don't even know me. Aren't their supposed to be trials?”
“You are Yuto,” Leoneil answered, “And there have been trials. I know how your heart has been broken, how you are teased for being vain enough to dye your dark hair blond. I see all of this from my palace and it makes my heart break for you. Hesa will never choose you, but I have. The man who smiles and remains committed through it all.”
“The Gods really do watch us?” I ask, feeling a little embarrassed. We were all brought up knowing this, but at times it simply hadn't seemed possible.
“Of course,” Leoneil replied. “How else would I choose my priest? Do you accept my offer, or am I to find another?”
“No, I accept your offer,” I answer quickly. At long last I had been chosen, it felt like a dream. I knew that this offer would elevate me to the highest rung of society, and that from every day I would have to live my life following the core values of the God I served. “I swear myself over to you, and repel all others.”
“Love all others,” Leoneil corrected, “Even those who wish you harm. Only your body must remain sacred, your heart is to embrace all.”
“Of course,” I replied. Not at all bothered by his request. Only a virgin would be accepted by a God, so that it could be given as a gift to the God should the God want it, and the priest or priestess wish to give it.
“Take my temple key,” Leoneil ordered, handing me a golden key that was engraved like the decorations on a peacock's tail. “And my blessing.” Gently he leant towards me, placing his unmasked lips against my own. His love filled me, replacing all doubt and fear. My body burned with pleasure, a decorative feather tattoo spreading across the back of my right hand. I had been marked by a God, at long last all my dreams would come true.

Leoneil had left the moment he marked me, leaving me to walk to his temple alone and unlock the grand doors. Dust covered everything, a thick layer that spoke of decades of neglect, but nothing was broken or damaged inside. I had thought that Hesa's temple had been splendid, it was nothing compared to in here.
It was late, but I took the time to clean the alter before searching for the priest's quarters. Everything felt so surreal, and frequently I had to look down at my new tattoo to know that I had really been chosen. Nobody could fake this mark, not even the cleverest tattoo artists knew how to make a brand that shone like a mirror. It had happened, really truly I was finally a priest.
I slept well that night, in a warm bed with the softest sheets I had ever felt. In the morning I dressed in the priest's peacock blue robes and returned to Hesa's temple to explain why I could no longer work there.
The rest of the day was spent hiring temple employees and working on restoring the building to it's former glory. I saw no signs of Leoneil that day, or for the days that followed after. I wondered what had happened to him, but was sure that he would return eventually. The Gods never stayed away from their priests for long.
Sure enough, on one beautiful spring evening, the God entered the temple with barely a word to anyone. It was common for the God's not to speak to any mortals, so I wasn't at all surprised by his silence. I followed him to the inner chambers where we sat and talked about the restorations still required.
“You have done well,” Leoneil informed me, before he left the temple once more. He returned four days later, and four days after that. Picking up his routine I expected his presence every fourth day, and was never disappointed. At first we only talked about the temple, the people, the city, but soon we were talking about everything and anything. His visits began to become more frequent, until he was in the inner chamber every day simply to talk. I picked up that he was lonely, but my presence was enough to cure him. I hadn't noticed at first, but slowly the colour began to return to Leoneil's mask.
“Your mask is bright today,” I realised one evening. “Your colour has returned?”
“Thanks to you,” Leoneil agreed, with a soft smile. His lips were the only part of his face I had ever seen, so it was a surprise when he took the mask of and placed it on the table between us. I gasped at his beauty, mesmerised by him. I would do anything to look at this face, wanting to cry at the thought of how he hid it.
“You're the most beautiful creature I have seen,” I whispered. I can't help it, I'm drawn to him like a moth to a flame. “Inside and out.”
“Few take the time to look beyond a man's outer appearance.” Leoneil confessed, “Even the Gods are so shallow, but you see beyond. I'm ready to request the priest's gift, if you are?”
“I'm ready,” I answer, not at all shy when he leads me to my bedroom. I'd been waiting for this request for weeks, my heart and soul fully belonging to this man. I remove my robes without hesitation, before lying on the bed waiting for him. His smile is contagious, I grin like a fool as he removes his clothes and crawls over me. His long hair falling to the pillow on either side of my head, curtaining us from the outside world.
He kisses me, and I kiss back, my heart racing in excitement. Like when I was marked, all I feel is his love. My body relaxed, a willing vessel for the other man. I want him, more even than I had ever wanted to be a priest.
“You are ready,” Leoneil said as he slipped off the bed. I ache at the loss of his presence, but he soon returns with a small vial of some kind of lube. I spread my legs willingly, gasping in delight as his finger slowly fills me.
“It feels so good,” I moan. He smiles at me with a small nod, bending over my body to kiss me once more. We're locked in a passionate embrace as one by one his fingers stretch me further than I had realised was possible without pain.
“Thank you, for the gift,” Leoneil says kindly, his fingers pulling out of my body. This can't be it, I'm thinking, moments before he penetrates me with his perfect length. I cry out in pleasure, it feels that good just to have him inside me. My limbs wrap around him, as he lies above me gently moving in and out of my body in the perfect rhythm.
“You are the most beautiful man I have ever lay eyes on,” Leoneil informs me. I want to respond, but instead he's kissing me. I cling on harder, the very thought of us not being together to scary to bare.
Leoneil sits up, pulling my legs up against his chest as he begins to move harder. I wither on the bed, the willing vessel of his pleasure. I cry out his name more than once, moaning every time his hardness brushes against my most sensitive of spots. Without thinking about it, my hand works on my own length, until I spill my release across my own chest. Moments later the god pulls out of me, encouraging me around onto hands and knees. I obey happily, and he quickly fills me once more. His movements are hard now, frantic even, and he soon comes deep inside. I have done my priestly duty, I have given him my gift. Despite my best intentions, I begin to cry.
“Yuto?” Leoneil asks, worried by my response, “What's wrong? Did I hurt you?”
“I'm sad that it's over,” I admit, embarrassed now, though before I was not.
“What do you mean?” Leoneil asked me, “Oh, you thought a priest only gave his gift once?”
“How can I give you my virginity again?” I ask.
“You can't,” Leoneil replied, “But that doesn't mean you can't give me yourself. If that's why you're crying, then you are a fool. Already I want to claim your gift all over again, but I suspect your body can't handle any more tonight.”
“No, not tonight,” I agree, wiping away my tears. “Really, truthfully, you would claim me again?”
“And again, and again, until you are spent and I am left alone once more,” Leoneil promised. I glance over at him, surprised by his words. Of course, the Gods are immortal, whilst I am not.
“You are the God of love,” I said, “You love with every fibre of your being, but your priest's always end up leaving you.”
“I mourn, I move on,” Leoneil confirmed, “You've brought colour back, I mourn no more.”
“It sounds horrible,” I replied, my heart breaking for his pain.
“Only because days like these, are so wonderful,” Leoneil agreed. “I should go now, I will be back tomorrow.”
“I'm counting on it,” I answer. Watching as he got dressed, I think over everything I have just learnt. I can't focus on the sadness, only on the now. “I promise you, these days will be as wonderful as any you have had before.”
“I think they already are.” Leoneil replied. Kissing me on the forehead before he left me alone in my rooms. Love was as cruel as it was kind, beauty as much of a curse as a sin, but as the priest of both I could make sure the world felt only their blessings. That was the heavenly duty I had agreed to, the heavenly duty I hadn't truly understood, until now.

"Not gonna happen, Buck." Vin waved his finger in Buck's face, pulling back sharply when Buck opened his mouth and playfully tried to take a bite.
"But—"
"Not just no, but hell no! Not for you, not for Chris, neither. So you can both just suck it up and go on your own. I'll hang out here, feed the horses, keep an eye on the place, so you all can take all the time you want."
Yeah, that was another thing that wasn't gonna happen. If Chris had his way, they'd drive up for the party, and come back the same day. Okay, maybe not quite the same day, because after almost seven hours up to Jasper, Indiana and probably three hours for the party, Chris probably wouldn't want to drive all the way home even to get away from his parents. The Days Inn was a decent place to stay, and there was a recently built Hampton Inn, maybe they'd try it out for variety if nothing else.
It was the elder Larabees’ fiftieth wedding anniversary, and Chris's older sister Barbara had set up a big shindig to celebrate. For the past month, Chris had tried to ignore the whole thing, then tried to get away with sending a gift, along with their regrets, "Sorry, too busy," but Buck had vetoed both plans.
"They're really not the jerks that Chris makes them out to be, you know." Buck really did care about them, and he knew they loved Chris deeply and wanted what was best for him. They just couldn't reconcile a gay son with their Catholic beliefs. But it was a testament to how much they did love their son that they welcomed Buck into their lives, however strained that welcome was. Buck knew that Chris and his dad had gone through a rough patch in Chris's youth, and that was how he'd ended up in the Navy. When he and Chris had first become friends, Buck didn't even know Chris had a family. But over time they'd patched things up, and by the time Adam was born, the cracks had been plastered over, if not quite healed.
Buck never could figure out where Chris's folks had been in the terrible months that followed the bombing. Maybe they'd reached out and Chris had slapped their helping hands away. Maybe they hadn't known how. But by the time Chris dragged his head out of the bottle, and as they'd both woken to the new world between them, Chris's parents were just plain out of the picture. The road back had been slow, with tentative steps on both sides, but they visited back and forth at least once a year now. And heck, fifty years! That was something to celebrate, no matter what you believed in or who you fucked.
"Buck, they could be rainbow flag-waving saints, and you couldn't pay me to go up there." Vin was taking in his laundry from the clothesline he'd strung between the back porch and the converted swing set—Buck kept almost garroting himself when he went out to exercise on it. Buck was taking in the view. Vin's cutoffs left little to the imagination, and he'd stripped off his t-shirt and thrown it in with his last load. Buck wasn't going to object to his thoroughness.
"Why not?" He stepped up close, sliding his hands around Vin's waist and tucking one thumb into the front of his shorts. The other hand spread wide across the warm skin of Vin's belly, pressing him back against Buck's front from groin to chest. "You got a secret fear of old married folks?"
Vin relaxed back for a moment, then leaned forward for the next piece of clothing: a green henley that had seen better days. Hell, it had probably seen better days before JD was born. "I don't aim to be a chit in Chris's fight with his folks. And I sure ain't going to be your piece on the side. I'm nobody's son-in-law, and not likely to be in this life. You sure as shit know his folks wouldn't want me there if they knew who I was to the both of you, neither. So unless you can come up with an argument that’s a little more compelling, I'd just as soon stay here." Where I am wanted, went unsaid.
Buck had to smile at that. He figured that both of their reasons for pressuring Vin to come were pretty damn selfish, after all. And Vin was right that Chris's folks wouldn't thank either of them for rubbing their even more unconventional lifestyle in the faces of a church full of conservative friends. For just a second, Buck thought about staying home himself. But he'd have to work hard to convince Chris to go on his own, and even if he succeeded, chances were a pissed-off younger Larabee would manage to rub enough people the wrong way to ruin the party anyway.
Buck dropped a kiss onto Vin's shoulder, sliding up toward the back of his ear, but Vin squirmed out of his hold before he could get much further. "Stop it, Buck! That's not gonna work." Vin pushed the basket into Buck's hands, and pulled the last two shirts off the line.
Buck figured if he looked up stubborn in the dictionary, Chris and Vin would be fighting for whose picture got that space. He could count on his fingers the number of times either he or Chris had managed to change Vin's mind. Didn't look like this was gonna be one for that tally. He followed, meekly, into the house and down the hall to Vin's room. There was nothing finer, in his mind, than a good-looking man doing housework, and Vin surely fit that bill. Buck lay back on the bed propped up against the pillows so he wouldn't miss a thing. Vin shot him an annoyed look, but went on folding up his clothes, sliding them neatly out of sight in the drawers. It went too fast for Buck's tastes, but then it always did.
"You gonna keep following me around all day?" Vin slapped Buck's leg as he moved past, sliding the clothes basket into the closet and shutting the door.
"Depends." Buck leered. "You got any more chores to do?"
Vin groaned. "You sure Chris doesn't need you down at the office?" Buck checked his watch and shook his head.
"Nope. He's probably on his way home already, anyway." Buck sat up, and lazily reached out, hooking a finger through one of Vin's belt loops. "You've got my undivided attention."
"Lucky me." Vin let Buck pull him back toward the bed, 'til he was standing in the vee of Buck's legs.
"You betcha." Buck leaned in then, and Vin met him, mouth open, hands reaching, running up Buck's arms and lacing into the soft hair at the base of his neck, holding him there as Vin's tongue teased at his lips and then plunged deeper. Buck dropped his hands to Vin's ass, pulling and kneading, until he felt the quick rise of Vin's cock through the soft, aged denim. Vin's mouth fell open in a gasp, and Buck took his own turn, delving into that wet heat with abandon. Vin's hands came free, and braced on Buck's shoulders, getting leverage to rock his pelvis hard into Buck's hip. The button-fly was not the most comfortable wardrobe, and Buck freed one hand to address the problem. The shorts sank a little with each button Buck released, until they were barely hanging off Vin's hips, propped up by his widespread legs as much as anything.
The hard shape of Vin's cock, straining against the confining briefs, called for more direct action, so Buck carefully eased it from its constraint, drawing another gasp from Vin. "He likes that." Buck addressed the angry red tip, "You like that, don't you?"
"Damn it, Buck," Vin ground out between his teeth. "You gonna do something with that, or am I gonna have to handle things myself?"
"He's a little bit impatient." Buck slid a teasing finger up Vin's length, watching him shiver under the barely-there touch, feeling the grip on his shoulders tighten even further. "But you know ol' Buck's gonna take care of you, right?"
Vin's hands pushed downward, and it wasn't like Buck needed a lot of encouragement. He leaned forward just a little further, letting the smooth, slick head of Vin's cock slide past his lips. Buck just never got tired of this, the taste of him, the pleasure he knew he could give. He might have settled in for a long, slow exploration, but Vin's hands tightened again, his hips rocked, and he was driving into Buck's mouth and it was all he could do to relax and take it, hanging on for the ride. Between one quick breath and the next, Vin's rhythm broke into shudders, and he was coming hard and long. Buck swallowed, and swallowed again, barely hearing Vin's whispered apologies.
The strong legs were wobbly now, and it didn't take much to turn and tip him, until they were both sprawled backward on the bed with their legs hanging over the side.
Vin was flushed and sweaty, with glazed eyes that seemed to be looking somewhere distant. Buck's own dick was still hard, but not with the kind of urgent hunger that had just overcome Vin. He had no fear he'd get taken care of, one way or the other. Instead he reached out with one hand, brushing damp hair back from Vin's cheek, stroking his thumb across Vin's lip where it looked like he'd bitten it.
"Sorry," Vin muttered again, kissing the pad of Buck's thumb as it passed.
"Ain't nothing to be sorry for," Buck countered. "Man might even take it as a compliment." Vin smiled then, but Buck could see he was already halfway to sleep, and kept up the gentle stroking 'til Vin was all the way there.
Buck lay there in the quiet of the afternoon, listening to Vin's soft breathing and the subtle background noises of the house and the land around him. The refrigerator kicked on, then off again. The sycamore tree out front scratched against the roof in the afternoon breeze. He ought to break out the ladder this weekend and finally cut it back before winter set in. Of course, he'd been thinking that for about the last month, too, and this weekend they’d be up in Indiana, so it wasn’t going to get done either. And then, in the middle of all that, the low rumble of the Camaro's engine and the crunch of gravel under the tires signaled Chris's arrival home.
Buck considered, for a moment, just staying where he was. Chris would find him soon enough. But Vin was sleeping deeply, and there wasn't any reason he shouldn't stay that way. Buck eased off the bed and out of the room as quietly as he could, pulling the door almost shut behind him. He crept into the kitchen in bare feet, and wrapped his arms around Chris before Chris even knew he was there. Chris huffed, and dropped the bag of groceries he'd been carrying. Hopefully there wasn't anything breakable in there, but really, Buck didn't care that much.
He snugged his dick, which was right back in the game, up against Chris's ass, and sank his nose into the hair that was getting just a little long at the back of Chris's neck. Chris arched, giving him access, then pulled away enough to turn in Buck's arms, returning the embrace and pressing into Buck's mouth for a deep kiss. He would taste Vin there, and Buck felt the moment that Chris figured it out, the pause, and then the deeper searching and the sudden, tighter grasp in the back of Buck's shirt. Buck sent his own hands south, cupping Chris's ass as he had Vin's not so long ago. Different, but there really just wasn't any bad in this equation, and Buck felt himself smiling.
"What?" Chris pulled away, just far enough to look in his eyes, trying to figure out what he was thinking.
"Nothing." He smiled even wider, in a way he knew was guaranteed to infuriate his lover. "What?"
Chris stepped back in, and Buck was happy enough to lean back, propped between the pantry cabinet and Chris's solid muscle. The next kiss was harder, searching, and Buck opened wide, letting Chris have his way as he had Vin earlier. They might accuse him of being the instigator, but damn if the both of them weren't each as bad as the other when they had the bit between their teeth. Chris's hands were exploring now, sliding across his chest, flicking at a nipple through the thin cotton of his t-shirt, then sliding down to dip under the waistband of his shorts, easing them down to his thighs.
Buck brought his hands around to the front, sliding the button free and easing Chris’s zipper down carefully over the hard flesh beneath. Chris gasped, breaking the seal of their mouths, and then grunted hard when Buck gathered up Chris’s dick with his own, applying a strong grip and pull to them both. Chris’s hands tightened in response, squeezing and kneading Buck’s ass in matching rhythm. A little searching brought their lips together again, and Buck’s tongue delved inside, challenging. Chris responded, leaning in closer, driving Buck’s head back against the cabinet sharply, driving their bodies together, so that Buck’s hand was trapped, held, and rocking in to the now-still grip.
The pressure, the friction and the hot, wet taste of Chris in his mouth wound everything tighter, until there was no place higher to go. All that energy burst free with a flare of heat and light, rolling out and through him, triggering Chris’s response. The powerful gush between them slowed, along with their breathing. Chris seemed to deflate, leaning in until Buck’s braced position was the only thing holding them off the floor. When his legs started to tremble, he clutched tighter to Chris with one hand and tugged the other, freeing from between them, reaching out blindly for the door handle, the back of a chair, something to grab on to.
Chris grasped their precarious position, and shifted enough to get one shoulder up under Buck’s armpit and lock his knees. Laughter rolled up out of his gut as between them they levered far enough upright that Buck could get his shaky legs back under him, and they shuffled toward the table, hampered by exhaustion and the pants that were still down around their thighs.
“Gives a whole new meaning to weak at the knees,” he finally gasped, dropping into a kitchen chair when Chris removed his support. He fiddled with his shorts, then finally kicked them off to lie on the linoleum floor.
“Idiot.” Chris pulled out his own chair, but stopped to pull up his pants before he sat down. “You should have said something.”
“When?” The day Buck couldn’t survive sex standing up he might finally let the damn orthopedic surgeon go to work on his knee. But he hadn't reached that day yet.
Chris smiled ruefully. “Yeah, you do have a point there.” It was a sign of love, or maybe just OCD, when Chris leaned down to pick up Buck’s discarded shorts, then herded him toward the bedroom for a shower.
Chris ducked out of the bedroom at his first opportunity, and found Vin in the living room, sprawled on length of the couch with his head propped up on the arm and his nose buried in the latest issue of Guns and Ammo. Chris picked up Vin’s bare feet to make room to sit, then settled them back across his lap, and set to massaging the arch of one foot with both his hands. Vin kept reading for a minute, probably just to spite him, then dropped the magazine onto his chest.
“That’s not gonna work, either.”
“That mean you want me to stop?” He stilled his hands a minute.
“Didn’t say that.” Chris returned to his massage. “Just didn’t want you to think all it would take to change my mind is a foot massage.”
“You saying there is something that would change your mind?” Chris couldn’t even state clearly why he kept pushing Vin to come with them to Indiana. Vin had said no, unequivocally, the first time Chris had asked and the twenty-fifth. He figured short of throwing the man in cuffs and dumping him in the backseat of the Mustang, he was pretty much shit out of luck.
“Nope.” Vin grinned. “But you’re welcome to keep trying.”
Chris laughed, “Yeah, right.” But he didn’t stop his hands.
“Where’s Buck, anyway?” The house was unnaturally quiet for all three of them being home, and Buck was usually at the center of whatever was going on.
“I told him that if he was so all-fired anxious to get there, he could do the damn packing.” Vin snorted.
Chris usually packed for both of them, had for years. Left to his own devices, Buck might throw in ten shirts and no underwear for a three-day trip, then look all innocent when Chris had to go commando. Chris prided himself on analyzing their plans and packing exactly what they’d need for a trip into the smallest possible bag. But the truth was, for this weekend, as long as they each had a suit and a shaving kit, the rest of it really wouldn’t matter that much. Even if it didn’t feel like punishment to Buck, Chris took some small satisfaction from passing the work off to his partner.
“Buck says you never knew your dad.” He watched Vin’s reaction, to see if he was overstepping. Vin wasn’t one to talk about his past, even the more recent events. But Buck had filled Chris in on what Vin had revealed during the long night they’d spent on the mountain in Wyoming, and as time went by, Vin opened up more and more.
“Nope.” Vin was matter of fact, but didn’t seem pissed at the line Chris was taking. “Doesn’t mean I didn’t have people looking out for me, though, least once I got out of foster care.”
“I couldn’t wait to get away from my dad,” Chris mused. “Seemed like from the time I turned thirteen, we couldn’t do anything but fight.” Vin made an encouraging noise, so Chris went on. “One day it got so bad, I just threw everything I had in trash bags, tossed it in the back of my truck and left.”
“How old were you?”
“Seventeen. It was a couple of weeks before graduation, a month before my birthday. I had already signed a letter of intent with the Navy recruiter, and as far as he was concerned, that was the final straw.” The last fight hadn’t even been their most explosive, but Chris had been clear that there was no going back. He’d left his mother crying, his little brother cowering in his room, and just walked out.
“Where’d you go?”
Chris laughed. “I was such a rebel. I went to my sister’s apartment.” Barb was four years older, and had been sharing an apartment with a couple of girlfriends. She hadn’t been happy to see him, but she’d let him crash on the couch for a week. “Then a few friends’ houses, slept in the back of my truck a couple of nights when I couldn’t find a couch. But I would have slept in a ditch before I would have gone home after that.” Then, when the time had come he’d driven up to North Chicago for recruit training, and started to grow up. “When I turned eighteen, I joined up.”
Vin shifted, not-so-subtly directing Chris to his other foot. “How long before you went back?”
Chris did the math in his head. “About three years the first time, another couple years the second time. Then, after we got out, I’d take Buck home for visits, then Sarah. And Adam.” Sarah had been about as eager to meet Chris’s folks back then as Vin was now, but they’d fallen in love with her on sight, even if she wasn’t Catholic. They’d been so damned excited about Adam, too. Sometimes he thought they only put up with him because he was the one that brought them Sarah and Adam for two weeks each summer. Things had certainly never been the same since.
He wasn’t sure how much of that he was ready to share, but he didn’t have to decide because Buck came out of the bedroom then, with two bags in one hand and the garment bag draped over his shoulder He disappeared up the front hall, staging things for their departure in the morning.
“You pack me any underwear this time?” Chris called after him.
Buck grinned as he came back into the living room. “Don’t you trust me?”
Vin snorted, which pretty much expressed Chris’s opinion, too.
Buck leaned over the back of the couch, sliding one hand up the back of Chris’s neck, and the other doing something that had Vin flinch and draw his feet out of Chris’s lap so quickly he feared for his balls.
“Ow! Shit! Buck!” Buck’s hand dropped away from his neck, and Chris tried to work out what had sent Vin into such a fit. It took a second, then several more to resolve the situation. The cuff button on Buck’s shirt was snagged in Vin’s hair, and Vin’s attempt to pull away was only making things worse.
“Hang on, hang on.” Buck held Vin’s head still until he stopped struggling, and then slowly worked his wrist free. “Okay, there you go.” Vin ran a hand back through his hair, just to check, then turned an accusing glare on Buck. “Don’t look at me,” Buck protested. “You’re the one with all the hair.” He reached out as if to tousle said hair, and Vin ducked away to avoid him.
“Just leave it, Buck,” Chris put in. “Do you really want to antagonize him when you could be putting him in the mood for good-bye sex?” The night before anyone left, most often Vin, was always an occasion for good-bye sex. Not that Buck couldn’t make an occasion out of most anything, but there was something about the three of them, together, on the eve of separation, that made things just a little sweeter.
“All right, then,” Buck gestured toward the bedroom. “You don’t have to ask me twice.”
“Haven’t asked you at all, yet,” Vin muttered, but Chris could see he was fighting a grin, and quick enough to lead the way. Chris came last, flipping out the lights along the hall, shooting a glance at the alarm panel to confirm it was set, and then letting these men he loved chase away thought and worry like they’d never been.
Buck stowed both their bags in the trunk of the Mustang, laid the suit bag across the top of both, and slammed the lid shut. If he waited for Chris to do it, they'd never get on the road, and he wasn't foolish enough that he couldn't figure out that Chris had planned it that way. He probably hadn't actually planned for Josiah to call from the office, then Orrin, then JD, but he hadn't shown any sign of ending the calls, or at the very least referring incoming calls to his cell. Vin had finished up the breakfast dishes ten minutes ago, and now sat sprawled in one of the old Adirondack chairs with an amused grin on his face.
"You could help, you know," he pointed out.
"Oh, no," Vin countered. "I told you I have nothing to do with this."
Buck glared briefly, checked that they had everything they needed, and stepped inside to corral his wayward partner. Chris was back at the desk, in the home office that usually gathered dust between uses, sorting through a pile of mail that had to be at least three weeks old. Buck leaned in the doorway and just watched for a minute. He never could quite figure out what being around his parents, or even just the idea of being around his parents, did to Chris. Buck wasn't sure quite why he was so invested in Chris maintaining a relationship with his folks, except that he loved his mom so damn much he couldn't imagine someone being willing to give up on his family.
"Hey," he finally said. "Let's go."
Chris turned, still holding a sales circular for some big box store. He looked at Buck, then back at the paper in his hand like he couldn't figure out how it had gotten there. "Yeah, okay." It took another few seconds, with Chris just sitting there, staring down at his hands as they slowly crumpled the ad into a smaller and smaller ball. "Yeah, okay," he said again, dropping the paper into the trash and pushing upright with a small sigh. "But I'm driving the first leg." He held out his hand for the keys.
"Not on your life!" Buck knew better than to let Chris behind the wheel on the way to Indiana. Suddenly they'd be exploring secondary roads, stopping at farm markets, checking the oil at every other service station, and if the world's biggest ball of twine had been within a hundred-mile radius they'd have stopped there, too. Chris grumbled, but he followed Buck down the hall and out on the front porch where Vin was blowing tunelessly on a harmonica. Buck pushed it away gently, and bestowed a not-so-gentle good-bye kiss.
"Sure I can't talk you into coming along?" Chris tried one more time.
Vin just grinned. "Larabee, from what you've told me, and how eager you are to visit your own damn parents, I figure you'd have to offer me on the order of that half-mil you made off me before I'd set foot in the same county with them, much less inside some church hall."
"Yeah," Chris grimaced. "I guess I see your point." He leaned down to steal one last kiss from Vin before Buck literally pulled him down the stairs and toward the car. Chris climbed inside, slamming the door much harder than Buck's baby needed or deserved. Buck petted the roof in apology, and slid in behind the wheel. He watched in the rear-view as Vin waved at them leaving, and then lost sight of him as they turned onto the main road. It was ten miles on local and state roads before they hit I-75 north, and Chris spent the whole time silent, staring out the window.
Once he'd merged into the sparse northbound traffic and slotted the car into fifth, Buck dropped a hand onto Chris's leg, just resting it there. After a minute or two, Chris dropped a hand on top, lacing their fingers together, but still not saying anything. They drove on in silence which, if not precisely comfortable, held none of the tension that had been sparking off Chris for the last few days. Buck had given up asking what the trouble was; Chris would just have to up and tell him when he was ready. But their last half-dozen trips up north hadn't been this fraught, and Buck couldn't for the life of him figure out what was eating at Chris.
Buck had talked to Barb this morning, and promised her on an (imaginary) stack of bibles that he'd get Chris there, on time, and in a suit. Buck liked Barb and her husband, Tony, and even got along with Chris's little brother Steve for the most part. But he didn't have a clue about their extended family—aunts, uncles, cousins—or know if they had a clue about him and Chris. And he figured that was probably what Chris had been unwilling to talk about since this whole shindig had come up. It would fit, though he wasn't quite sure how Chris's thwarted plan to bring Vin along would have made things even remotely easier to explain.
Chris sighed heavily and twisted in the bucket seat, so he was facing toward Buck. "I'm sorry." He scrubbed his right hand over his face and back through his hair, which just fell right back down in his face anyway. "Sorry," he said again.
"Don't be sorry," Buck countered. "Just tell me what's going on in that twisted brain of yours."
Chris huffed out a big breath, finally spat out what had probably been chewing him from the inside out for the last week or more. "LasttimeIsawthesepeoplewasthewedding."
At first, the only word Buck could pick out was "wedding," but working back from that he finally got it, and sighed. He should have known there was more to this than just Chris's folks, with whom they'd hammered out a reasonable truce. But yeah, the last time he or Chris had seen any relatives outside the immediate family would have been that sunny day in June, when Buck had stood at Chris's side, offered up rings along with his promise to support Chris and Sarah's commitment to each other. 'Til death had parted them. With that realization came the certainty that he knew which church hall Barb had been describing: high windows inset with stained glass and the dark oak paneling. It had been strewn with flowers and ribbons then, and undoubtedly would be again. Buck couldn't think of anyone else he knew who'd been married anything like fifty years, couldn't quite imagine what that would be like. But then again he and Chris had been partners coming up on twenty years, lovers for more than seven of them, and Vin had been with them now for three. Ezra might not like the odds, but Buck could see the three of them hitting their own golden anniversary one day.
But none of that made it any easier to face up to a passel of folks you barely knew, who were almost guaranteed to despise your choices in life, even if they managed to avoid hating you for making them. If Chris brought home a woman this long after the death of his family, they'd all be glad to see him moving on, rebuilding his life. Chris seemed pretty sure it wasn't going to go that way when they Chris told them he and Buck were an item. Seemed like Barbara could have given him a little heads-up, but talking about feelings never did come naturally to the Larabee clan. Chris was still all wound up, even now that he'd coughed up the hairball that had been choking him all week.
Or maybe that wasn't everything. Buck felt a sick feeling in his gut. "You want to pretend—"
"No!" The suddenness of Chris's denial told Buck Chris had been thinking along the same lines. That maybe, just for the weekend, he should fall back into the role of best buddy. "No. No way, and I told Barb that, too." Just that quickly the sick feeling faded into a warm glow. Buck squeezed his fingers in Chris's in silent acknowledgment.
"What did Barb say?" She hadn't mentioned a word of the whole mess to him when they'd spoken, but she probably figured Chris had filled him in. Damn Larabee communication breakdown. "Chris?" Buck prompted.
"She said it would be all right. That she wanted us there more than half the others anyway. But I figure that's just 'cause Tony has two left feet." Chris smiled then, the first real smile Buck had seen in days.
"Well, I'd take you out on the dance floor if only you'd let me."
"Yeah, right." Chris knew how much Buck loved dancing: the subtle cues between partners, the public displays of culturally acceptable passion. Chris never complained when Buck took a pretty lady out for a spin on the dance floor, but he'd sure been surprised the first time Vin dragged them to a family-run bar that catered to a mixed crowd and featured country music on the weekends. Surprise hadn't stopped Chris from looking his fill as Buck and Vin danced, even if Buck figured Chris's smile was equal parts appreciation and relief at being off the hook for good. Chris's dancing pretty much amounted to one or the other of them catching him now and then, just seizing the moment—and Chris—in the living room, or the kitchen, when just the right song was playing. In those moments Chris could let someone else take the lead, literally and figuratively.
"It'll be all right, pard." He wasn't sure how, but damnit it would be. Besides, "One way or the other, we'll be headed home Sunday." On the way home Buck would even let Chris take the wheel. "What are they gonna do? Shoot us?"
"I don't know," Chris countered. "Are you packing?"
He knew that Buck emphatically was not, mostly because he didn't trust Chris not to shoot himself in the foot just to have a reasonable excuse not to go to the party. "It's gonna be fine, Chris. Hell, it's gonna be fun. Fifty years, whooee."
Chris couldn't quite fathom the depth of Buck's compassion. How could a man just keep on giving and seem never to run out of love or good humor? Here they were, headed into the heartland of religious intolerance to celebrate the wedding of two people who would barely admit who Buck was to their son, and not only was Buck the one driving them there, he found something funny in the situation to ease Chris's tension.
He'd been really childish about this whole mess, and some days he didn't know why Buck or Vin put up with him. But they did, and Chris was damn grateful for it.
Buck's rolling laughter drained the tension from Chris's body like nothing else, and he took what felt like his first deep breath in a week. Buck squeezed his thigh again, and returned his right hand to the steering wheel. Chris flipped on the radio, and started the never-ending search for a decent station. Being on the road with Buck was comfortable, right, and the miles flew past almost without notice. They stopped on the other side of Nashville for late lunch, knowing that they had more than half the trip behind them. The Goodlettsville Cafe was simple food, but good, and over the last few years they'd been stopping there every trip. Of course, every year there was a new young waitress for Buck to flirt with, and that didn't hurt the restaurant's appeal, either.
They pushed on after lunch, pulling in to Jasper just as the sun was beginning to set. Buck had made a reservation at the Hampton Inn, which was newer, and correspondingly posher than their old reliable Days Inn. Once they were checked in, and Chris saw the size of the whirlpool tub in the bathroom, he figured they'd be staying here from now on, if Buck had his say.
"Woo-whee!" Buck fell backward onto the king-sized bed, arms and legs flung wide. "I think I'm gonna like it here." Chris, who was busy hanging the suit bag and stowing their clothes into the dresser drawers just grunted his assent.
"You should call Barb," Buck offered, not even lifting his head from the bed. "She wanted to know when we got in."
"You mean she wanted to know that we got in, right?" Chris knew his sister pretty well, even if they didn't talk that often these days. She'd always known how to get to him, and he had no doubt she'd been making liberal use of Buck's cell phone number lately.
"Aww, Chris, she just wants things to go smooth."
"Yeah, I really think that's gonna happen." But he caved, pulled out his phone which had been miraculously silent all day long, and punched in her number from memory. He felt truly blessed when it rang straight to voicemail. "Hey, sis. It's me. Buck and I just got in. We'll probably shower, then head over to the Schnitzelbank for dinner. Call me." He looked back over to the bed to see Buck's reaction to those plans, but he was dozing already, with one hand thrown across his face to block out the fading light. Chris left pretty much the same message on Vin's cell, then pulled the drapes to, and eased down on the bed next to his lover. Buck wasn't so far gone that he didn't react to Chris's presence; he rolled to one side, and stretched out one long arm to pull Chris up against him. Chris went willingly, relaxing back against the warm, solid weight of him, and surrendered to sleep.
The soft chirp of Chris's phone dragged Buck awake, but not quick enough that he could silence it before it woke his partner. Chris fumbled on the bedside table, and managed to flip the phone open before it clicked over to voicemail. "Larabee," he growled.
"Oh, hey, yeah." Chris sat up, swinging his legs over the side of the bed. "Sorry, we fell asleep. What time is it, anyway?" Buck remembered that they'd been fiddling with the time zones in Indiana, and they'd been a confusing patchwork from county to county to begin with. "Okay, yeah, he's right here."
Chris handed off the phone, mouthing "Barb" at him, and disappeared into the bathroom.
"Hey, darlin'. Pay no attention to the grouch. How's all that planning going?" He looked at his watch; they'd been out for a couple of hours at least. It would be full dark by now. Barb ran down the list of completed items like the Larabee she was, and then reminded him of the scheduled events for tomorrow. "Got it, we'll see you then." She hung up without saying good-bye, but Buck knew better than to take it personally. He grabbed the pad and pen from the nightstand and jotted down the high points: breakfast at 8:30, family photos at 11, and then the party from five o'clock onward. With any luck they'd be back in their room at a decent hour tomorrow night, get some use out of the Jacuzzi, and back home in time for Sunday dinner with Vin.
Chris came out of the bathroom then, one towel tucked around his waist and the other around his neck to catch drips from his wet hair. "Shower's pretty good," he offered, digging around in the drawers for a clean pair of jeans and a button-down shirt. "Go on if you're gonna. I'm starving."
Buck lay there another minute, just to needle Chris, then went on to take his shower. He wouldn't miss dinner at the Schnitzelbank for anything. It was rumored to be the best German food in the state of Indiana. Buck couldn't speak to that, but it was certainly the best he'd ever had, and since it was the only restaurant worth mentioning in Jasper, they made sure to eat there whenever they were in town. Buck sluiced off quick and got out, toweling off as he walked back into the main room. Chris had the TV on, but it was scrolling MSNBC on mute while he stared out the window at what passed for a skyline in Jasper. Buck came up behind him, settling his chin on Chris's shoulder and taking in his own view of the town.
"Worrying never made a damn thing better," he pointed out.
Chris nodded, and then turned, offering Buck a kiss in passing, which he gladly accepted. He dressed quickly, and shrugged into his suede coat before Chris could do the jangling car keys thing, even though they were barely walking next door.
"Keep your pants on, hotshot. I'm coming."
He slid an arm around Chris guiding him out into the hallway, and deliberately kept it there. It wasn't their way, normally, to flaunt things, but it made Buck happy to usher Chris into the elevator. Chris stiffened slightly before they stepped out into the lobby and Buck took the cue. Chris didn't move any further away, though, and their shoulders brushed as they walked out into the cool night air. It really was just down the block to the restaurant. They got a quiet booth in the back and ordered a feast of kassler ripchen, because Chris never could pass up a well-prepared pork chop, and sauerbraten. They ordered the beer sampler, and Buck offered his glass to Chris's for a toast. "To family."
Chris grimaced a little, but then tapped his glass against Buck's and drank.
The insistent beep of the alarm clock dragged Chris awake. He squinted at the clock, and had to look again to make sure he'd read it right. It was almost eight, and they were supposed to be at Barb's for breakfast in a half hour. Buck sprawled out over most of the bed, still snoring heavily, and Chris didn't bother to take any care with his elbows as he levered himself upright. He rubbed angrily at his temples, already knowing that it wasn't going to be enough to relieve the consequences of last night's indulgence. Stumbling into the bathroom, he dug out a couple of ibuprofen, and cupped water from the sink to wash them down. He relieved himself, and splashed some cold water in his face, but refused to look in the mirror just yet. It couldn't be good news.
Because he loved him, Chris carried two caplets back to the bed for Buck, along with a plastic glass of water. "Wake up, sleepyhead," he whispered into one exposed ear. Buck's head tossed on the pillow for a minute, and Chris watched long arms reach out instinctively for the empty space he'd filled just a moment ago. When Buck's hands came up empty, he finally blinked his eyes open, squinting against the morning light in the room.
"Urg—" Chris loved Buck's assortment of inarticulate morning sounds. Some were for stretching, some asked or answered a query about early morning sex, and others just seemed to be generic protests of the whole idea of waking up.
"C'mon, pard. We've got a date for breakfast, remember?" If there was one thing Buck tried never to do, it was disappoint a lady.
Buck nodded, and pushed up until he was leaning against the headboard. Chris sat down, and placed the ibuprofen into Buck's open palm, watching until he'd tossed it back and then offering the glass of water.
"You're a lifesaver." Buck's smile, even through beard stubble and pain-squinted eyes, was brighter than the sun.
"We better get a move on, or both of us are gonna need saving."
Buck picked up his watch from the nightstand, did a double-take, and then practically leapt out of bed. "Well, hell, Chris. Why didn't you wake me up? We're gonna be—" The last of Buck's protest was drowned out by the sudden rush of the shower. Buck was out less than a minute later, and Chris heard the high-pitched whine of his electric razor start up. The bathroom was big enough that he could slide past easily, stepping into the shower and cranking on the tap. He wasn't quite as quick as Buck, but he wasn't fool enough to linger, either, with the chance of pissing Barbara off. He shaved as quickly as was safe, and skinned into last night's jeans and a long-sleeved tee shirt. Buck had the suit bag in one hand and hip-length suede coat that Chris had bought him last Christmas slung over his shoulder. Chris grabbed his own jacket, checked his pockets for his phone and Buck’s keys, gave his partner a quick peck and led the way out the door.
Truth was, in Jasper nothing was too far from anything else. Even the Larabee farm, straight through town and three miles out the other side, was less than fifteen minutes away. So they pulled up outside Barb and Tony's house with a couple of minutes to spare. Chris noticed they'd painted since the last time he'd visited, and the two-story house looked great for a place that was coming up on a hundred years old. He stepped up on the porch with Buck at his shoulder, but didn't get a chance to knock, because Barb's youngest, Allison, opened the door and took a flying leap into Buck's arms, squealing as he caught her and swung her up over his head.
"C'mon in," Barb called from somewhere deep inside. "And bring that banshee with you. She needs to finish setting the table."
Buck twisted, shifting Allison to piggy-back position, and followed Chris inside. The house was quintessential Americana, with homemade hand-crafts and family photos on the walls, and kids' toys and books stacked in every corner. The aroma of baking wafted out of the kitchen, adding to the effect. "Giddyup, Buck!" Allison encouraged, and he loped down the hall after Chris. Chris greeted his sister with a polite hug and a peck on the cheek, then waved rather than offer his hand to Tony who was up to his elbows in dirty dishes.
Buck eased Allison down to stand on one of the kitchen chairs, then gathered Barb into a proper hug, even dipping her back a bit before dropping a loud, smacking kiss on her cheek. "See Chris, that's how you greet a lady." As soon as he set her upright, Barb slapped his hands away and turned back to breakfast.
"Buck, why don't you help Allison set the table? Chris, why don't see if you can roust your namesake out of bed."
Buck slapped Tony on the back in passing, and let Allison point him to the plates, silverware and napkins. She'd be turning six next year, and Barb had been talking about how they planned to put her in a mainstream kindergarten, hoping that an extra year of maturity would balance the fact that she was a little bit of a slow learner. She was smaller than a lot of kids her age, which they put down to the fact that she'd been a preemie, but they figured it would help her fit in when she started school. But what she might have lacked on standardized tests she more than made up for in energy and love. From the first time Buck had held her in one hand, he'd felt an amazing connection, the kind that made him wonder what it might have been like to father kids of his own, and made him that much clearer what Chris had lost.
"No, Buck! That's wrong." He looked down at the table, which he'd been setting like they did at home with all the silverware on top of the folded napkin. Allison showed him the right way, with the fork on the left, and the knife and spoon to the right.
"Sorry, darlin'. Guess I needed someone to teach me." He purposely turned the spoon upside down. "Is this right?"
"Bu-uck." She sighed heavily and fixed it for him.
Chris came back down the stairs, followed by his nephew who, in spite of the dark hair he'd inherited from his dad, looked every inch a tired, grouchy Larabee. "Morning, Chip," Buck offered, and got a silent nod in return.
"Good morning," Allison sing-songed.
Barb came in then with big platter that Buck stepped forward to grab from her, and set down in the middle of the table. Tony followed with a pot of coffee and a pitcher of orange juice, and with only a little jockeying for chairs, they sat down to breakfast. The coffee cake tasted even better than it smelled, and that, along with a couple of good cups of coffee retired his headache for the morning. When they were done, he offered to clean up the kitchen while Tony shepherded the kids upstairs to bathe and change. Barb led Chris out into the back yard, and they sat on the big swing. Buck kept an eye on the situation, not sure which one of them he'd end up rescuing from the other. While he watched, Chris launched himself up off the swing, sending it backwards and off-kilter. He paced, just a few steps in each direction, and then looked up at the house. Buck was pretty sure the angle of the sun meant Chris was only looking at his own reflection, but he stared back, offering what silent support he could, just in case.
They both came in a few minutes later, and while there was silence between them, it wasn't oppressive. Chris picked up a dishtowel, and did his best to buff the pattern off Barb's plates. It was probably the least damage he could do in this house, so Buck just let him. When there were no more dishes he could even remotely justify drying, Chris dropped into a chair at the kitchen table, and let out a heavy sigh.
Buck turned a chair around, straddling it, and reached out to take Chris's hand. "What?" he finally prompted, when it didn't seem like Chris was going to spit it out.
"She—" Chris faded off, looked up at the ceiling, around the room, basically anywhere but at Buck.
"Hey," Buck slid his free hand up to Chris's jaw, turning his face until their gazes met. "Just tell me what's got you even more wound up than you were before."
Chris nodded, looking hard into Buck's eyes for a minute, then back down into his lap. "She told everyone." Buck thought on that for a second, and was just working his way around to the answer when Chris finally managed to say it. "About us. Every damn one of them."
For the life of him, Buck couldn't figure out what the problem was. They hadn't ever hidden their relationship from their friends or their family. Heck, this whole trip might have been easier if they had. He'd steeled himself for a weekend of being introduced as Chris's partner, with just enough twist to the word that people's eyes would widen in surprise and then, as they walked away, there would be the quiet whispering.
"So?" he finally had to ask. "Maybe she was trying to do us a favor." He could see how it would seem that way to Barb, a kindness just to take that question out of the conversation and out of the shadows.
"Yeah. No." Chris shook his head. "I know she was. I get it. But—" Chris squeezed the hands they still held clasped across the formica tabletop. "Guess I hate to be out-maneuvered, more than anything." Buck chuckled; that was the damn truth. "It's not like I was looking forward to trying to explain the situation to great-aunt Greta."
Personally, Buck thought that great-aunt Greta had a lot more on the ball than her younger relatives gave her credit for. They'd celebrated her ninety-fifth birthday last summer, and she was still as sharp as a tack. She didn't miss much. "It's gotta be better than some big scene in the middle of your folks' party, though." Chris nodded again, and unlinked their fingers so he could rub both hands up and down the back of his neck. "Here, let me." Buck moved behind Chris, and settled his hands on the rigid muscles of Chris's shoulders. He kneaded, soft and then harder, slowly coaxing out the knots, soothing away the tension one stroke at a time. It took a good five minutes before Chris was able to let go and lean back, his head starting to loosen and roll under Buck's hands. "That's it," Buck encouraged. "Let it go."
Chris sighed, turning his head to drop a kiss on Buck's hand, but Buck didn't stop the massage until he heard the family clattering down the front stairs. He kept his hands still on Chris's shoulders, hoping that a little of his own what-the-hell nature could be transferred through touch. Maybe it was, because Chris didn't flinch when Allison bounced in, crowing about the brand new dress mommy had bought her. Barb followed, shooting Buck an apologetic look, and then spearing her brother with something a little sterner.
"Are you ready for this?"
"Yeah," Chris muttered. "About as ready as I'll ever be."
"Well, I hope you brought a suit. I don't want to have to stop at Sears on the way to the photo studio."
Buck grinned. "We've got them in the car. Figured we didn't want to expose them to breakfast and kids. We'll change when we get there, if that works."
"Yeah, whatever. I'll call dad, and let him know we're on the way."
Chris followed Tony and Barb's mini-van back downtown to the photo studio. They pulled into the lot right behind his parents' Cutlass Supreme. He noticed, for the first time, that his dad was a lot slower climbing out from behind the wheel. He'd be turning seventy-five in a couple of months, and Chris wondered what the years were taking out of him. He offered his dad a handshake, and his mom a peck on the cheek, and Buck followed along, but with a lot more enthusiasm. Allison had to show off her dress and her matching shoes, which the grandparents appropriately oohed and ahhed over. Barb was starting to look amazingly like their mother had twenty-five years ago, and damn if Chris didn't love her more for it.
Tony was still arguing with his son about getting out of the car, and Chris wondered whether the kid was headed for the same kind of teenage troubles that had driven him out of the family and into the not so gentle care of the US Navy. There was a certain look in Chip's eyes that he thought he recognized, from the mirror. He didn't get a chance to think on it much more, because right then his brother's old truck, barely held together with baling wire and duct tape, rattled into the parking lot and stalled to a stop.
Steve was ten years younger than Chris, and they'd never really managed to bridge that gap. He'd been young and wanted connection with his big brother just as Chris had burst into adolescence with raging hormones and enough anger to fuel World War III. The battles between Chris and his dad had sent little Stevie scuttling for the safety his books. He'd always been the good student, the good boy that Chris had never managed to be, even back when he'd wanted to. Now that they were both grown up, they might have managed to put the past behind them. Stevie had tried, in the days after…. He'd come down early, stayed after the funeral, tried to drag Chris into a church when the only thing Chris wanted from God was a miracle or a way to wrap both his hands around the omnipotent bastard's neck. Poor Stevie really hadn't known him, or what to do with him. And when Chris had woken up the next morning to find the house empty and quiet, he'd torn up the pocket New Testament with his brother's numbers inscribed inside, and stuffed the pages down the garbage disposal.
When he'd finally gotten sober, Chris had called to make amends, not just for his recent bad behavior, but for who he'd never been for his kid brother. It seemed like it had helped them both, but the first time he'd brought Buck home to Indiana as more than a friend, what little ground they'd gained was wiped away. Buck had never been anything but decent to Steve. But long before they'd become lovers, Buck had been the brother Chris chose over the one he'd been born with. And somehow, when that relationship became even closer, Chris had crossed some line that Steve couldn't forgive. Steve was icily polite at family gatherings, but he stayed away when Buck was around, and left most of the family communication to Barb. Well, Chris had to admit, they both did that. But she was damn good at it, and so far she'd succeeded in keeping them from killing each other, so Chris wasn't going to mess up a good thing.
Today Steve, with his pretty fiancé Amy on his arm, was following the script. Dressed in a dark suit and a conservative tie, probably what he wore to church on Sundays, he offered his hand to both Chris and Buck for perfunctory shakes. Barb did her job of herding them all inside, and Chris peered over her shoulder at the checklist of the series of shots she wanted taken.
Chris caught Buck's eye and tilted his head toward the dressing room, but Buck looked Stevie's way and shook his head, so Chris went back alone, then they traded out. The photographer was a middle-aged woman with short salt-and-pepper hair. She hefted an enormous camera like it was a kid's toy, and directed them like they were rebellious schoolchildren. Which wasn't that far from the truth, anyway.
Something in her smile as she posed him and Buck to his parents' right, with Barb, Tony, Steve and Amy on their other side, made him wonder for just a moment if she hadn't been on Barb's chain-letter list of people to out her brother to. Of course, he also had a strong suspicion that she was batting for their team anyway, so he tried not to let it bother him that much. The photos dragged out for more than an hour, with different combinations of people and poses, and stopping to examine the results on the computer every few minutes. By the time they were done Chris felt like his shoulders had climbed up into his ears again, and the headache he'd banished at breakfast was back and pounding steadily. Buck's large hand, resting in the middle of his back, kept him from lashing out when Steve made some comment about the blessed sacrament of marriage needing to be defended, but it wasn't enough to make the whole damn fiasco remotely enjoyable.
The minute Barb admitted her list was complete, Chris was halfway to the door, not even checking to see that Buck was following. He was, of course, with the clothes they'd changed out of draped over his shoulder, and a concerned look that Chris really did not want to deal with on his face. He had the car open and the engine started before Buck even got his hand on the door. Buck was protective of his "baby" but the Mustang was a muscle car at heart, and it let out a decent roar as Chris floored it, tearing out into what passed for traffic in Jasper.
Buck barely got his seat belt buckled before Chris was making the turn onto the state highway that headed northwest out of town. It wasn't much more than a two-lane road, and Chris was throwing the car into curves like he was training for Indy, and not for the first time he wished his baby had shoulder harnesses on her seat belts.
"Chris—"
"Don't start, Buck."
Chris whipped into the oncoming lane to pass and old truck hauling a trailer full of horses, then ducked back right before they ran head-on into and oncoming sedan. After that, further out from town there was less traffic, and Buck was less certain of their imminent death and more and more certain of Chris's, because when Chris stopped this car Buck was gonna kill him. They'd gone another fifteen miles or so, they were coming up on the next town, when Chris finally seemed to let go. He took his foot off the gas and shifted into neutral, and just let the Mustang roll to a stop at the side of the road. Buck held out his hand in a silent demand. When Chris didn't respond, Buck leaned across and wrenched the keys out of the ignition, cutting the engine off sharply.
The silence stretched, and Buck gave Chris a full two minutes, measured by the dashboard clock, to start his explanation. Chris stayed silent.
"What the fuck was that?" Buck finally asked.
"Don't start," Chris said again.
"Don't start? I think I can safely say I'm not the one who started this one." Buck heard his voice rising, knew it wasn't the best way to deal with Chris when he was pissed off, but damn it, he'd disrespected Barb and his parents, and he'd scared Buck.
Chris flung the door open, too hard and without even a look behind to see if there was another idiot speeding down the road ready to take off the door or take Chris out. He was lucky, again, and he slid out, slamming the door behind him. Buck got out too, coming around the front of the car to where Chris had both hands braced, leaning against the quarter-panel, breathing hard like he'd run the last few miles instead of driving it. Buck saw the tension building, saw the moment when Chris's fist started to lash out, and he countered, blocking the punch aside, bending Chris over the hood of the car and leaning in with enough weight that Chris wasn't going anywhere until Buck said so.
"You want a little thrill Chris? You want to ride the bleeding edge?"
Chris grunted protest and struggled against his hold, but Buck wasn't in a mood to give in.
"There are games I'm willing to play with you, up to and including nailing your ass so hard you won't be able to sit in this car. But I am not interested in that kind of stupidity." He twisted Chris's arm a little higher. "Do you hear me?"
Chris tried Buck's grip one more time, just testing, then gave it up. "Yeah," he muttered. "I hear you." Buck waited a second, just making sure it wasn't a ruse, then slowly released his hold. Chris stayed where he was, sprawled across the hood of the car, for another minute, then pushed himself upright. Whatever wildness had bitten him, it seemed gone for the moment, and Buck read regret and not a little embarrassment in his lover's eyes.
"You done?" Chris nodded. "You ready to apologize to Barb and your folks?"
Chris had to think on that one for a minute. "Yeah, I guess."
"Good. Get in." Buck nodded at the passenger side of the car. "You can call them on the way back."
Chris didn't fight him on it, just climbed into the passenger seat and closed the door gently.
Buck took a moment of his own, just looking up the empty road, banishing the visions of what might have been before sliding in behind the wheel and turning his baby back toward town. He listened to Chris's half of the conversation as he apologized to his mom, and he couldn't help but hear both sides of the second call. Barb read him the riot act, and Chris let her, then apologized again, promised they'd absolutely be on time for the party and on their best behavior, then closed the phone. He sat quiet for a minute or two, then dropped his hand on Buck's thigh, just brushing gently along the crease of his suit pants.
"I'm sorry."
Buck had to bite back the urge to pound Chris a little more for his blatant, suicidal stupidity. "I know you are." It was the truth, from both of them, but it wasn't enough to make it go away. Maybe it would have been different if they'd managed to convince Vin to come along. Of course, different could have been worse, too. But there was something about Vin's quiet that seemed to soothe Chris when he got all wound up. Buck could laugh at Chris, or want to slap him, but he was rarely unaffected. Of course, there was always door number three. If he did take Chris back to the hotel and drill him through the mattress, there was a good chance that Chris's resulting mood shift would last throughout the evening. Buck smiled grimly to himself. Sounded like a plan.
After he'd apologized, he really didn't have anything useful to say. Trouble was, neither did Buck. He counted on Buck to fill their quiet with entertaining stories and raunchy anecdotes, and now he was even missing the endless fiddling with the radio. It took half-again as long to drive back into town at the speed limit, and Chris had a chance to appreciate how lucky he was not to have gotten a speeding ticket or wrapped them around a tree. Buck pulled in to the hotel parking lot and went inside, letting Chris follow or not. Of course he did.
He caught Buck up in the lobby, waiting for the elevator, and hooked his arm through Buck's while they watched the numbers flash downward. Buck didn't pull him closer, but he didn't move away, either, and Chris figured that was enough for now. They rode up in silence with a teenage girl carrying a little dog in a purse; she never even looked their way, just talked to the little dog in baby talk until they got out on the sixth floor. Buck unlocked the door and held it open for Chris, then hung out the Do Not Disturb sign and put on the chain.
"Take off your clothes." It wasn't quite an order, but Chris was quick to comply anyway. The shirt was a mess from where Buck had slammed him up against the car, and he only hoped he had a spare that would match, or they would be making that trip to Sears before the party tonight. He laid the pants and his jacket carefully over the desk chair, and kicked everything else onto the floor of the closet. When he looked up, Buck was still dressed, still standing right by the door. Something about standing in the middle of the room naked, revealed in more ways than one, made him want to defend or deflect. But even before he could open his mouth Buck held up a hand to stop him.
"Don't, Chris. Just don't." At least Buck moved then, stripping off his own suit carefully, turning back the covers on the bed. It didn't look like it was shaping up to be the sort of angry, cathartic sex that Chris had pretty much expected, and almost been looking forward to. Buck climbed into bed, propping pillows just so, and then patted the mattress beside him. "Come here."
Chris didn't wait, just climbed in, molding himself along Buck's right side, resting his head on Buck's shoulder, feeling the steady throb of Buck's pulse under his cheek. Buck's arms came up around him, stroking gently down his back, brushing through his hair. Petting him. If that was what Buck wanted, Chris was pleased to let him. He'd been an ass, and he knew it. But sometimes just being around his family dramatically reminded him why he'd left home in the first place.
The shift was so subtle that it took him a minute to catch on that the touching had turned sexual, but still absent of the anger that Chris knew he deserved. Instead Buck was achingly gentle, stroking over Chris's skin like he wanted to touch every inch of it, cherish it. Chris tried to reciprocate, but one grunt and head-shake from his partner was enough to have him lie back, and just accept. Buck followed his hands with his tongue, and it was all Chris could do to keep from moving. His hands ached to touch in return, but he clenched them in the sheet to keep them anchored.
Buck's tongue lingered in the crease of Chris's hip, tracing back and forth, teasing at the edge of his pubes, yet never quite reaching the sensitive skin of his sac. He gritted his teeth, but didn't succeed in stifling a groan. Buck chuckled, and that sensation just drove Chris even more crazy. Finally Buck moved on, tasting the back of Chris's left knee and sucking for a while at the bone on the outside of his ankle. The pulsing intensity in his cock was apparently the last thing Buck was interested in, even if it was the only thing Chris could think about. Well, not the only thing, because the fire in his nerves from where Buck was sucking on his toes was running to the top of his head and the tips of his fingers. He was panting now, fighting to keep still, keep quiet, to let Buck have his way, when all he wanted to do was grab and rub and fuck and come.
Buck swapped to his other foot and re-started the whole process, this time in reverse. Chris's panting breaths were shading over almost into sobs. He groaned again when Buck delved into his navel, again pointedly avoiding Chris's hungry cock. He couldn't stop himself from arching up when Buck traced the line of hair up the center of his chest, but Buck's hands on his shoulders pushed him back down. Something like a whine vibrated in the back of Chris's throat, and he knew he didn't have another minute of self-control. If Buck didn't—
"Shh." Buck whispered in his ear. "I gotcha." Buck knelt up on the bed, carefully straddling Chris and then easing down onto him so slowly that he barely seemed to be moving at all. "Hang on. Hang on." The careful caress of skin on skin, the slow application of Buck's weight, the sudden bright flash of sensation as Buck's rock-hard cock crossed his own drew another low whine from somewhere Chris couldn't identify.
"Buck? Please?" His first words since the car, but from his hoarseness it felt more like weeks since he'd spoken.
"Wait. Just wait a minute." He couldn't. He couldn't. But for Buck he'd try.
Buck's hands came up to frame his face, and Chris met the burning blue of Buck's eyes. They held sadness, anger, and so god damn much compassion that Chris wanted to turn away from it. But he couldn't. He owed Buck all that and so much more. So he met Buck's eyes, let him see the anger, and the fear, and the hurt kid who couldn't get over the scars of his childhood, no matter how much he denied they even existed. And Buck poured love and healing over him without speaking a word. Then Buck's mouth was closing over his, that warm, agile tongue mapping the inside of him like it had just mapped the rest of him, and Buck started a gentle rocking motion that set off sparks in Chris's belly so intense he almost couldn't breathe.
He couldn't hold back any more, unwound his fingers from the sheets to sink one deep in Buck's hair and wrap the other under the curve of one buttock, dragging him closer, gaining leverage for his own desperate arching need. It didn't take any more than that for the tension in him to break, the sensation to burst out, and he was shuddering under the fierce power of it. Buck was holding him, whispering in Chris's ear again though he couldn't understand a word of it, and then when the sudden intensity of it started to fade, Buck's hands slid down under his hips, bending him up and back, pressing into his ass with fingers coated with Chris's own come. In the wake of his own orgasm he couldn't have tensed if he tried, and Buck's fingers quickly gave way to the broad head of his cock. Chris sighed at the familiar stretch and heat of it, and wrapped his legs around Buck's waist, planted his heels on Buck's ass, and pulled him in to the root.
Buck grunted, but apparently he was past waiting, too. He pulled out and drove in again, pressing Chris hard into the mattress, stretching his legs 'til Chris figured he'd be walking bowlegged for the next week. And still, Buck was quiet, panting lightly, fucking with silent intensity. He came quietly, too. Just sighed as his rhythm gave way to orgasm, rode Chris until it passed, and then went practically limp, pinning Chris to the mattress awkwardly. The position started to ache after a minute, and he had to push and twist to get them both stretched out and comfortable. At least he figured that Buck was, he still wasn't saying anything.
"Hey." He tugged gently on Buck's hair until Buck lifted his head, meeting Chris's eyes with a glazed look. "You okay?"
Buck nodded, and leaned in for a kiss. "Yeah. You?"
"Haven't been this good in a long time." It was the truth. He'd been so twisted up about this whole thing that he'd let it color his relationship with Buck, and he'd even tried to drag Vin into the middle of it. Good thing Vin wasn't fool enough to cave in when Chris got demanding. "Sorry," he offered again, not meaning just today.
A frown creased Buck's forehead and if it hadn't been too much effort Chris figured he would have gotten a slap upside the head. "It was a damn fool move, Chris."
It had been, and really, what could he say. "I know."
"Did you think about what I'd say to Vin if I had to go home and explain how you killed yourself being a damn idiot?" Chris hadn't. Hadn't given any thought at all to what might happen, to inflicting the kind of grief that had scarred him on those he loved most. "Or if you'd managed to take us both out, and left him alone again? You want that for him?"
"Hell, no!" Of course he didn't, wouldn't wish that on anyone. And yet, when his anger got the better of him, Chris's brain took the back seat. "It won't happen again," he promised.
"It damn well better not," Buck agreed. He rested his head on Chris's chest, and Chris could feel the lethargy dragging them both down fast.
"Better set the alarm. If Barb has to hunt us down, she'll come armed." He managed to crank his head over to the side, confirming they still had a couple of hours before they were due at the reception hall. But his phone was on the other night stand, and far out of reach. Buck flailed like a paraplegic, but finally managed to paw one of the phones off onto the covers. He handed it to Chris and closed his eyes, determinedly pursuing sleep. Chris manipulated the menu system one handed, because the other was trapped under his partner, but finally got the alarm set and placed the phone safely out of the way.
He did a little of his own petting, now. Stroking through Buck's sweaty hair, brushing away the lines from the corner of his mouth. He was so damn lucky, and so damn stupid to forget it, ever. Buck snuffled into his chest like a kid with a teddy bear, and Chris let the deep thoughts go, drifting, waiting for sleep to come.
Twenty minutes later, still lying there, he finally gave up on sleep. Sliding carefully out from under Buck, he grabbed his shorts and his phone and crossed to the bathroom, shutting the door softly behind him.
Chris sat down on the lid of the john and thumbed the speed dial for the house. He didn't have anything worth saying, but sometimes Vin's voice could drown out the one in the back of his own head that tried to drive him crazy. Or crazier. The phone rang on and on, and Chris was about to hang up and try the cell, but then Vin was there, sounding a little out of breath.
"Hel-lo." Vin's drawl, and the sound of his breath down the phone line, struck Chris with a sudden homesickness. What the hell were he and Buck doing up here at a "family" thing without the rest of theirs? "Hello?" Vin's voice sharpened, and Chris knew he was seconds from hanging up.
"Hey," he answered. "It's me."
"Hey, Chris." The sudden warmth in Vin's voice made him smile. Heck, most things about Vin made him smile. "How's it going? How's your folks?"
Chris sighed. "Don't ask, and they're fine." He guessed if he was going to be an ass in front of everyone, he couldn't have picked a much better time. They were so damn focused on the shindig that they probably wouldn't have time to ride him about being a jerk. By the time it was over, there would have to be some new drama for them to gossip about.
"And Buck's okay?" Vin was in the kitchen; Chris heard the muffled thump of a cupboard closing, and then the rush of the tap as Vin filled a glass of water.
"He's fine. He's taking a nap right now." Vin snorted. There was usually only one thing that sent Buck to sleep in the middle of the afternoon, and Vin knew that as well as he did. Chris smiled, picturing Buck, sprawled across the bed, face mashed into the pillow instead of Chris's chest, and something in him started to ease up. He needed this, needed the both of them. "What'cha up to?"
Vin took the cue, and began an uncharacteristically rambling review of household chores, the movie he'd watched on TCM, and the run he'd taken this morning. Chris leaned forward, elbows propped on his knees, and felt a little more tension drain out of him. He didn't realize that he wasn't really hearing the words, just the smooth flow of tone, until it stopped, and he realized Vin had asked him a question.
"What?"
"You sure you’re okay?" Vin's voice shaded into concern, with a background of protectiveness that made Chris smile. Vin wouldn't come to Indiana to make Chris happy, but he'd make the drive in a flash to kick someone's ass on his behalf.
"Nope. But we'll be home tomorrow, and then I will be." He sighed, and ran a hand back through his hair, massaging at the tension in his neck. "I miss you."
Vin's voice got a little quiet at that. "Me, too," he answered. "Drive safely, okay?" That only put Chris in mind of his little escapade earlier, and he felt a hot rush of shame.
"Yeah," he promised. "We will."
"Tell Buck I said hey."
"I will." Chris pictured Vin, probably leaning up against the counter in their kitchen, and couldn't wait to be back there. "See you soon."
"Bye."
Vin hung up first, then Chris's phone beeped and fell silent. He sat there a few minutes more, then turned on the shower.
Insistent, annoying beeping that Chris should have turned off by now finally pissed Buck off enough that he dragged his eyes open to find out why he hadn't. He was alone in the bed, with covers he was pretty sure hadn't been there when he fell asleep tucked up to his waist. He groped for the phone, feeling like his arms weighed tons, and managed to mash enough buttons to shut it up. The room was empty, and it took a minute for him to track the sound of running water to the bathroom, the shower. That sounded like a plan, and Buck was steeling himself to move when the shower cut off. Without the motivation of slipping in behind Chris, he just lay there, enjoying the heavy relaxation of every muscle, and the peaceful joy that he got from making love to someone. He hadn't moved when Chris came out, finally, looking wet, clean and utterly delicious.
"Hey." Chris gave him a sweet smile that curled into Buck's heart, and kindled the fire in his gut and his groin. "You're awake."
"Missed you," Buck said, because it was true.
Chris came over, leaning down and offering his mouth for a kiss. Buck took it, and used the towel around Chris's neck to hold him there a minute longer when Chris would have pulled away. He tasted of toothpaste, and he was clean-shaven again, and it took Buck a moment to savor it before he processed why. "Damn!" he pulled away. "What time is it?" If they were late...
"Relax. We've got an hour."
"Oh, okay." He pulled Chris down for another kiss, then levered himself upright with a groan. "What are you doing up?"
Chris bent over the dresser drawer, presenting Buck with a damn pretty picture. "Couldn't sleep. I talked to Vin."
"He said we're crappy housekeepers. Guess he decided to pressure wash and seal the deck." Chris dropped his towel and stepped into a pair of briefs that left nothing to Buck's imagination. "That all right with you?"
"Yeah, sure, whatever." Buck gave himself a minute to picture Vin in a pair of skimpy cutoffs, soaking wet and bent over the deck. Maybe they'd have to convince him to take on a few more home improvement projects, just as long as Buck was there to watch.
Chris turned then, figured out what Buck was fixated on, and tossed the damp towel in his face. "Go on, get showered. We could shock everyone by showing up early for a change."
Buck dropped the towel on the floor, took a minute to give his partner a head-to-toe assessing look, watching the resulting flush with pride, and then purposely flaunted his ass on his way to the bathroom. He rinsed off quickly, ducking his head under the too-short showerhead, shaved and brushed his teeth in the steamy bathroom, and then stepped back into the room.
Chris was dressed already. He didn't look quite as sharp as he had this morning; the second-string shirt wasn't as good a match, and hadn't been professionally cleaned and ironed. But he still looked damn fine to Buck, and he figured it would be all he could do to keep things G-rated in front of the family this afternoon. "Looking good, stud." Chris grinned and squeezed a little closer to Buck than was absolutely necessary to get back into the bathroom. The hairdryer blared to life as Buck shook some of the creases out of his slacks.
After he was dressed, he took his own turn with the hair dryer, then preened a little, just to get Chris laughing. They got out of the hotel room finally, with plenty of time to drive across town to St. Joe's Catholic Church. The place looked pretty much the same as it had a dozen years ago, at least to Buck's eye. He pulled into the parking lot at the back, and took a space way down at the end where he'd been less likely to end up with door dings. If it was distant from the other members of Chris's family even now climbing out of their cars and fussing with their children's clothes, that was just a side benefit.
"You got the present?" he asked. It would be a pain to go back to the hotel now, but— Chris patted his pocket and nodded. "Guess we better go then."
"Yeah," Chris shook his head just a little, and smiled. "Yeah, let's go."
The first group of relatives they bumped into, literally in the case of a little boy of about four, included a woman that looked enough like Chris that there was no doubt they were related. She had three kids in tow, stair-stepping up from the boy to a girl who looked about twelve. She smiled broadly when she saw Chris. "Hey, cousin!"
Chris accepted a hug from her, only a little stiff, and then pulled back a little. "Hey, Shannon. How are you doing?"
"I'm great. Kids, this is Uncle Chris. He's Uncle Barb's brother. And this is—" She stumbled a little, and Chris stepped in like a trooper, straightforward without being confrontational.
"This is my partner Buck."
Shannon nodded, and didn't miss a beat. "Welcome Buck. These rascals are Becky, Karen and Alex Jr." Each kid solemnly offered a handshake, which Chris and Buck accepted. "We should get going inside, before Barb sends out a search party." The church hall was decorated to perfection, which Buck supposed shouldn't have been a surprise. The Larabee attention to detail found expression even in the small things, a fact he was grateful for, except when it drove him batshit crazy. There was a gift table at the back, and Chris dropped their envelope among the gold-ribboned boxes and gift bags. It was a gift certificate for a cruise, and Buck was pleased they could afford to be that generous now. Which of course brought his thoughts right back around to Vin.
He'd been smart to stay home, even if he would have looked damn fine in a well-made suit. They hadn't ever seen him in anything fancier than a sport-coat and jeans; truth was Buck wasn't even sure Vin had ever owned a suit. Maybe it was time to change that. But dressed to impress or not, he would have drawn a hell of a lot more attention in the middle of Chris's white-bread family than he would have been comfortable with, even if no one had a clue why he was there. It was a little weird, as they met each new set of relatives, some Buck vaguely remembered from Chris's wedding, others he'd heard mentioned over family dinners or phone calls, and a few who it seemed like even Chris couldn't place. But for most of them the introduction was practically scripted: Chris would introduce Buck as his partner, followed by a pause that wasn't quite long enough to be called awkward, then a hearty handshake. Buck smiled wider each time, because, hey, they were coming out to every damn person in Chris's family, and getting it out of the way all in one day.
A few stumbled on their words, though, tangling welcomes with long-overdue sympathy about Sarah and Adam. Chris held it together, and Buck used a hand in the small of Chris's back to steer him on to the next conversational group. By the time they reached great-aunt Greta, who was holding court in her wheelchair, parked right up next to the head table, he was more than ready for her sincere smile. Chris leaned down to give her a hug, and then she gestured for Buck to do the same. Her thin arms were as light as bird's wings, but their comfort had the strength of her character behind it. Her eyes were as bright and sharp as ever, searching Buck's face when he would have pulled away. "You look good," she finally confirmed. "Both of you. I'm glad you're here."
"So are we," Buck lied, because he knew Chris wouldn't. The snort from behind him wasn't much different from Greta's, and he figured he hadn't fooled anyone.
She took his face between her liver-spotted hands and looked him right in the eyes. "Thanks for taking such good care of my golden boy. I'll bet he doesn't make it easy." Buck almost felt himself tearing up.
"We take care of each other," he countered. It was the truth, and she nodded. When he stood back up, Chris slid an arm around his waist and squeezed. Usually he didn't let Chris pull that stuff in front of the family, because it only raised their blood pressure. But it felt different now, here with Aunt Greta, and with their relationship acknowledged if not celebrated. He dropped a quick kiss in Chris's hair, then stepped away to a discreet, respectful distance.
"Where's Barb?" Chris looked around the room.
"I think she's in the kitchen, telling the caterers how to do their job." Greta said it with a straight face, but the sparkle in her eyes gave her away. Buck figured the control-freak gene was probably dominant in the Larabee family tree.
"Which way?" Chris scanned the doorways.
"In the back." She pointed, and Chris started off. Buck grinned helplessly at Greta, and followed. They pushed through a pair of swinging doors into the back hallway, and through the parallel doors on the other side into the kitchen. It looked like a military operation to him, with trays of little appetizers being placed with precision on huge platters, which were then hoisted onto the shoulders of girls who looked barely older than Chris's little cousin Becky and certainly not big enough to carry them. But they did, and he had to step quickly to make room for them.
Chris was halfway across the room to where Barb stood, head bent over a stack of papers with the woman who must be the head caterer. They apparently came to agreement, though, because before Buck caught up with them, Barb was turning away, and she greeted Chris with a big smile and a bigger hug. Buck stepped up for his own enthusiastic greeting. He got a kiss, too. "Thanks," she whispered in his ear.
"What are you doing in here, instead of basking in the glory of this whole event," he teased when she finally let go of him.
"Nothing, now that you're here," she teased. "Let's go."
Buck offered her his arm and she accepted. Chris held the door for the both of them, and followed along with a satisfied grin.
The room had filled up in just the few minutes they'd been gone, and someone had started music that was not enhanced by the scratchy speakers of the old church hall. Chris gratefully accepted a glass of wine from one of the circulating waitresses, and took a good-sized gulp without even stopping to sniff it. It wasn't bad, actually, and he took a moment to savor his next, not quite so large sip. A little bit of applause started at the back, and then spread across the room. It took him a bit of craning, though, to spot his parents making their entrance through the main doors. They made their way through the crowd, accepting handshakes and hugs, up to the raised head table at the front of the room.
Between relatives he hadn't seen in years, and family friends he could barely remember, Chris felt like an unprepared contestant on a really sick game show. He cursed Buck bitterly, if silently, when he slipped away to play with the kids, leaving Chris to suffer alone. Partway through a conversation with the Robsons, who'd lived next door when Chris was in grade school and whom he hadn't seen since, the trace of attention he'd kept on his partner flared to the foreground. He paused mid-sentence, and focused across the crowded hall. He could see Buck's face, over one shoulder of the blond man who stood facing him. From this distance, Chris couldn't read what was bothering his partner, but something clearly was.
"Excuse me," he broke into the monologue about grandkids and colleges. He didn't wait for them to answer, just slipped between the tables, sidestepping a couple of conversational groups where he knew that people would try to draw him in. Halfway across the room he got both men in profile, and damned if it wasn't his pain-in-the-ass kid brother. It took him another dozen steps to get close enough to hear what they were saying. And then he almost wished he hadn't.
"I'm just saying, Wilmington, that maybe you ought to think twice before you start playing with other people's children."
Buck's smile was clearly forced, but he kept his tone civil. "You know I don't carry a gun these days, Steve. You got nothing to worry about. I figure if I keep 'em entertained, then their folks get a chance to chat, and everybody has a good time." Chris always marveled when Buck got amused instead of pissed off when someone tried to rile him; it was a skill Chris never could seem to master. And he sure wasn't starting today.
"If the parents knew what you—"
Chris dropped one hand on his brother's shoulder, interrupting that thought before it could go somewhere ugly. Uglier. "Steve." He didn't even try to hide his distaste.
"Chris." Steve pivoted around to face Chris. He shrugged out of Chris's hold and stepped in, trying to crowd him. Chris felt a smile tug at his lips. He wasn't sure when Steve had grown taller, but it was pretty damn amusing that he thought height alone was going to be enough to intimidate Chris. He just tilted his head up and held his ground, weight evenly balanced on the balls of his feet. He held his brother's gaze, saw the moment Steve realized that he wasn't going to win this one that easily, and watched anxiety replace macho bluster. Chris grinned a little wider, savoring the idea of putting the little punk down with his fists, party or no. But Buck's hand on his shoulder broke the tension and, always the more generous of them, he offered Steve a way out.
"Hey, Steve. I think Amy's looking for you."
No matter how much of a jerk he could be to Buck and Chris, Steve was obviously deeply in love with his fiancé. He jerked his head around, spotting her a couple of tables over. Under Buck's calming influence, Chris let him go.
"What an asshole," Chris muttered.
"Yeah," Buck agreed. "But was that any call to go all crazy eyeball on him?"
He tried to pin Buck with the same look, but he never could manage it when he was trying. Buck just laughed, and ruffled Chris's hair.
"Hi, Uncle Chris!" Allison came bouncing out of somewhere. "Can Buck come play with us now?" It had been the same with Adam, he remembered, and for once the memory was sweet instead of painful. Buck had always been down on the floor playing with trains or blocks, or giving horsey rides.
Chris smiled. "Go on. You know you want to." Buck didn't deny it, just swung Allison high up over his head until she shrieked with exhilaration.
Half an hour later, Chris was standing by the back door, admiring as Buck twirled Barb gracefully across the floor, giving her as much joy as he had her daughter earlier. Some guy Chris thought he ought to know but couldn't place was spinning his mom, too, but without the grace or style that Buck brought to the dance floor. He didn't realize how caught up he was, until a hand on his shoulder had him jump. It was his dad, looking both pleased and serious, and he jerked a head towards the back door, inviting Chris outside. He wasn't sure what was up, but he grabbed a couple of wine glasses from the nearest tray, and followed along.
There was a bench out back, but they went right by, instead taking a seat on the brick steps that led down toward the sanctuary. The evening was chilly, but not too bad for the season, and the nearly full moon was strong enough to cast shadows. The stairs weren't that wide, and other than the pictures this morning, Chris figured this was probably the closest he'd been to his dad in about twenty years. Their elbows brushed as he offered his dad the glass, and when his dad fished inside his coat for a pack of cigarettes.
"Thought you quit," he said, even as he accepted one.
"Though you did, too," his dad countered. The rasp-click of the lighter was loud, and the flame brought the old man's face into eerie focus. His eyes, once fierce and cutting, were softer, the hard lines of his face softened by loose skin and wrinkles.
"Yeah, well..."
Chris waited, he knew there had to be something coming, and he honestly didn't have a clue what it was. But his dad didn't do things without a reason, and he wouldn't be risking Barb's wrath by abandoning the party unless— Chris felt a sudden stab of fear. Both of them were old, maybe there was something wrong—
"Dad?" he finally prompted, wanting to get whatever it was out in the open.
"I'm glad you came, son." Chris figured he could count on the fingers of one hand the number of times his dad had called him that since he'd left home. "Fifty years is nothing to sneeze at." He almost jumped out of his skin when his dad's arm came down around his shoulders, but he managed to steel himself and keep still. He did take a bigger drag on the cigarette, holding the smoke in his lungs for as long as he could before letting it trail out his nose, steeling himself for whatever was coming next.
"We wanted this for you and Sarah. Wanted to watch your boy grow up, get married, give us some great-grandkids, carry on the family name."
Crap. He stiffened under that unfamiliar arm, and took a moment to wonder just how plastered his dad was. But he'd walked too steadily out here, and his eyes were sharp and clear when Chris leaned forward to check. And if his own eyes were glaring, well, it wasn't really his fault. His dad should know better than to—
"But Buck's a good man." Chris almost choked. "I'd have to be a fool not to see he's good for you."
"Yeah," Chris's voice came out more like a croak than human speech, and he grabbed for his wine glass, tipping the rest down without even tasting it.
"I know it don't always come across right, but—" Now his dad's voice was sounding a little funny. "But your mother and I want you to be happy." Chris watched his dad tip back the dregs of his own wine, and was starting to see just how alike they were. "We just thought that, well—"
That I needed to get married again, replace my wife, have 2.2 new kids, and live the recycled American Dream. Chris bit his tongue, and just barely managed to keep the bitterness inside. Buck would be damn proud of him, if only he'd been here. Of course, if Buck had been here, this conversation wouldn't be going quite like this. Chris wasn't sure there'd ever been a conversation quite like this, at least not between him and his father.
"I understand," he finally ground out. He did, really. From their Midwestern, church twice a week, fish on Friday point of view it all made sense.
"No. Hear me out." A deep breath lit the end of the cigarette bright red, casting a weird glow over the familiar/unfamiliar features. "What I want to say is—" Chris watched as he ground the cigarette out between two bricks and then flicked the butt under a bush. "Fifty years. It wasn't easy, and I know I could have done better by her, and by you kids. But that's really something."
"Yeah," Chris had to agree. He knew things had been rough sometimes, knew for sure that money had been tight and tensions had run high. Funny that he'd never even considered that his parents might break up. Maybe he was a little more Midwestern and Catholic than he liked to admit. But he knew it was more than tradition that had held his folks together. They loved each other deeply, and were committed in a way that he recognized, that he'd only felt a couple of times himself. Now three.
"We want that for you." Chris felt his back tighten up. He'd closed the door on this conversation almost seven years ago, damn it. But then his dad shocked the hell out of him. "If Buck can make you half as happy as Donna's made me, you'd be an idiot not to hang onto him." Chris felt himself literally gaping, and snapped his mouth shut. "Don't let any old fools tell you what to do. Not that you ever did, anyway."
Damn. Sometimes people you thought you knew could go and shock the hell out of you. He knew he ought to say something, but for the life of him, he couldn't figure out what. So instead he just sat there, staring out into the dark. The arm he'd almost forgotten tightened for a second, then drew away. He heard joints creak as the old man stood up, but still Chris didn't look at him. "Next time you come up to visit, your mother and I'd like to have you boys stay with us. If you want."
Chris had a sudden vision of him and Buck, squeezed together in the old double bed that had been Chris's in high school, trying to keep quiet like he had with Missy Sanders in the tenth grade. Buck would probably get off on it. Chris smiled.
When he looked up his dad was gone, along with his cigarettes. Damn him. Both wine glasses were empty, and he gathered them up before heading back inside.
He paused in the doorway, not quiet ready to make nice with his relatives in the aftermath of that conversation. His Dad was already out on the dance floor, twirling Mom through a crowd of couples that included Buck and little Allison. Buck had picked her up in one arm with her legs dangling free, and had the other arm extended so he could lead her through the waltz, or foxtrot, or whatever it was they were doing. Chris hadn't been there a minute, though, before Buck's eyes picked him out, and his brow creased in concern. Chris shook his head, he was okay, damn it, just a little shocked, that was all. Buck didn't look satisfied, but at least he finished the dance with Allison before returning her to the family table.
Before Chris could think up a good excuse, Buck was there, with a hand on his arm, ushering him out into the hallway, and around the corner. They were out of sight of the kitchen, their little hallway practically dead-ended at a closed office door. The hallway was dim and the tinny speakers were on the other side of the wall were barely audible. But Buck looked both ways anyway before taking Chris's hand and asking, "What's wrong?"
Somehow Buck could embody both heartfelt concern and the absolute clarity that he'd beat the crap out of whoever was responsible for Chris's upset. That sort of loyalty had always been the cornerstone of their friendship, a need Chris hadn't even known he'd had before Buck came along and filled it. He was a lucky man—and he needed to tell Buck about his call with Vin, how sure he'd been that Vin was ready to come up here and kick the same asses Buck seemed ready to.
"Nothing's wrong." Chris opened his mouth to try and recap that conversation, and then his thoughts began to swirl. He couldn't, at least not here, not now. Buck looked ready to protest, and Chris put a finger across his lips. "I promise. It's nothing bad." He leaned in closer, and replaced his fingers with his lips. Buck stiffened, but Chris wasn't going to be dissuaded. He wrapped both hands around Buck's waist, and slowly shifted his weight in time with the barely-there notes of Unchained Melody.
It took Buck a second to catch on, or maybe he was just frozen in shock. But he caught up quick enough, wrapping his own arms around Chris's back, and then subtly taking the lead. Chris was happy enough to let him, tucking his face into Buck's neck and relaxing in his hold. The song ended, and they stilled, but didn't break apart. "Damn, I love you," Chris muttered. Buck's resulting laugh vibrated through Chris's chest, warming him from the inside out. He was just considering whether they could slip out a side exit, when his phone vibrated between them. Buck jumped back like he'd been goosed, looking accusing. Chris just fished the phone out of his pocket and looked at the caller ID. Barb.
He flipped open the phone. "Hey, sis. What's up?"
"Where they heck are you two? It's time to cut the cake. If you think you're going ditch us that easily—"
Buck, who'd leaned in close to catch Barb's side of the conversation, nodded his head in encouragement, which Chris really didn't need right now.
"No way, Barb. Do you really think we'd leave you holding the bag?" He shot Buck a quelling glare while he was at it.
"Yes," she accused. "Where are you?"
"We're right outside. I promise. We'll be there in just a minute."
Buck, newly bold, started nibbling along the line of Chris's shirt collar, nosing into the hair behind his ear, close enough that he was surprised Barb couldn't hear him breathing.
"Don't keep me waiting," she ordered, and then the line was dead. Chris started to pull away, but Buck's arms drew him closer, his mouth finding Chris's, tilting his head back just enough for Buck to get the angle he loved. Chris gasped, and that was the only opening Buck needed to slide his tongue inside, plunging deep, stroking Chris from the inside out, and Chris's body was quick to rise to the challenge. But he put the brakes on, pulled away slightly, and said, "Barb's waiting."
In another time and place, Buck might have pushed it. Heck, they'd gotten each other off in record time when the need was desperate enough – and Buck and Vin could manage it even faster when absolutely necessary. But with a woman he loved and respected waiting for him in the other room, and a whirlpool tub waiting for them back in the hotel, Buck pulled himself back from the edge. Chris ran a hand back through his hair, then adjusted Buck's tie a fraction of an inch. "Let's go." Buck just nodded.
Buck didn't know what the hell had gotten into Chris, but he sure wasn't planning to complain about it. He'd seen Chris and Arthur disappear out the back door, and figured that it was probably another round of same-old, same-old. But then Arthur had come back with a small smile for Buck, and a new lilt to his step as he spun his wife onto the dance floor. Just about the time Buck had decided to go looking for Chris, he'd shown up in the doorway looking shell-shocked. Buck almost dropped Allison right then to head over and find out what the hell had happened, but Chris had warned him off, and besides, Buck hated to disappoint a lady, no matter what her age.
Of all the things he'd expected when he cornered Chris in the hall, it sure wasn't a kiss and an invitation to dance. Buck loved to dance, it was nearly as much fun as sex, but you got to do it in public. Up until tonight, though, the only place he'd ever danced with Chris was in the privacy of their own home, and he'd had to initiate it every time. But something had happened in that twenty minutes he'd been out of the room, and Buck was looking forward to weaseling it out of him later, and then telling Vin all about it. Right now he just followed Chris's lead, sliding in through the side door of the hall, seeing Barb and Chris exchange a speaking glance, and then letting himself be pulled up toward the head table.
The cake they'd set up was massive, almost too big to fit on the table. It was frosted white, with gold lettering and flowers, but Buck had it on good authority that inside it was actually carrot cake, and he was looking forward to his share. Barb tapped a spoon on her glass until the hall fell silent. Arthur stood, holding up a glass of champagne in one hand. "I'd like to thank you all for being here, and to thank Barb for all the hard work that I know went into this. But more than anyone, I want to thank my wife, Donna. She kept her promise of good times and bad, sickness and health. She loved me when I know I didn't deserve it. Times when I couldn't love myself. And she gave me a family that I couldn't be prouder of." Buck thought maybe that was a part of what had happened outside. Because damn if the old man didn't smile equally at each of his grown children, and wink at Buck before he turned back to his wife. Donna looked like she might start crying any second. She looked more beautiful that Buck had ever seen her.
A camera flashed, capturing the moment for posterity. He'd make sure to get a copy from Barb. If he was ever going to sell Vin on the Larabee clan, this was probably the most beautiful and the least crazy he'd seen them. Arthur leaned in to press a kiss on Donna's lips, and the hall broke out in raucous applause. Under cover of all the hubbub, Chris's hand slid into his, lacing their fingers together, and Buck answered back with a gentle squeeze.
Thanks to Barb and her near-military planning, the end of the party went off as smoothly as the rest. Buck gathered up bags and boxes of gifts, and followed Arthur and Donna out to their car, while Chris and Barb stayed behind to pay the caterers, who'd already managed most of the cleanup, discreetly enough that the guests didn't even notice. He wasn't quite sure what to do when Chris's dad pulled him into an awkward, unprecedented hug, so the whole thing was pretty stiff. He leaned down to kiss Donna on the cheek before closing her car door, and waved as they drove off.
He was still standing there, just starting to get really chilled, when Chris came up, wrapping an arm around his waist and towing him toward the car that he'd parked way down at the end of the lot. The church didn't go in much for floodlights and it was pretty damn dark out there, so Buck didn't fight when Chris turned a casual arm into a full-body hug when they reached the cover of the Mustang. Buck leaned back against the driver's door, the chill metal and glass a stark contrast to the heat of Chris pressed all along his front. Chris's open mouth at his throat was hotter still, and it didn't take much to rekindle the arousal that he'd felt when they'd been in much the same position in the back hallway.
"Damn, Chris." He wanted this, wanted Chris wanting him this way, but— Chris made an inquiring noise, but didn't lift his head. "Not here, damn it."
Chris did look up then, his eyes glazed and hungry, and a little bit wild. "Buck—" He rocked his hips, driving an impressive erection into Buck's groin, drawing Buck's own harsh gasp.
"Not here," Buck argued again, for once trying to be the voice of reason.
"But—" Damn, Chris wasn't going to make this easy, and Buck wasn't sure how much fortitude he had left after the whole dancing thing.
"Bed," he tried. "Whirlpool." Chris made a pouting sound, but he did pull back a little. Buck got both hands on his shoulders, and shifted him back a bit more. "Go on. Get in. We'll just move this party somewhere a little more comfortable." He got in behind the wheel, then reached across to lift the lock for Chris. That's my baby, he complimented silently as the car roared to life. The trip was too short for the heater to have much effect, but they did manage to get a protected parking spot pretty close to the front door and hurried inside. Chris kept his hands to himself on the elevator ride up, and didn't say a word. But his eyes were shining like fire, promising Buck what would happen once they reached the room.
And not one second later, it turned out. Buck had barely hung the Do Not Disturb sign before Chris was pushing the door shut, and pushing Buck right up against it. Chris's hands were cold on the skin of his neck, pulling loose his tie, sliding the buttons of his shirt free so quickly he was surprised they didn't go flying. Chris's mouth followed down the middle of Buck's chest, and Buck had to lock his knees to keep himself upright when that playful tongue rimmed his navel and flicked inside. By the time they reached his belt, the hands were warmer but no less desperate, working swiftly to open his trousers, sliding them just far enough out of the way to give Chris the access he wanted. Buck couldn't say when Chris had gone to his knees, but then he couldn't say anything at all once Chris's mouth closed over him. He sank one hand into Chris's hair, but it wasn't like his partner needed any encouragement. Heat, wet and suction drew him forward, but Chris's hands at his hips held him still, so all Buck could do was lean there and take what his lover had to offer.
The barely banked arousal flared back quick and hot, and Buck gasped in deep breaths that matched Chris's steady, focused rhythm. Tension curled inward from his extremities, arching his head back and his chest forward, curling up his toes inside his dress shoes, until every bit of him was focused at the center, where Chris and he met, where that incredible mouth was sucking the very life out of him. He managed to crack his eyes open, to rock his head down, to look at Chris, and see his own cock disappearing into the wide-stretched mouth, and that glimpse was all it took.
Orgasm rushed up and out, the once-steady rhythm breaking into spastic jerking, his seed spurting out, Chris taking it, swallowing, and sucking some more. It took all he had to keep his eyes open, to keep looking as sparks flared across his vision, as the ripple of electricity flared along every nerve. Incongruously, the moment seemed to both last forever, and be over almost before it had begun. Buck was left gasping, and the last of the strength seemed to have drained out of him, because he was sliding along the door, feeling his jacket caught up on something and he didn't even care, winding up sprawled on his ass with his legs bent wide. Chris lost his oral grip somewhere halfway through Buck's descent, and grunted his frustration, dropping back ass-first on the carpet.
"Damn," Buck finally muttered, when he got his breathing back under control. "Maybe we ought to visit your folks more often." He'd meant it as a joke, but it must have struck some chord, because Chris's head jerked up then, pinning him with a stare that seemed equal amounts of anger, hurt, and longing. "What?"
Chris shook his head and scuttled back on hands and feet like a crab, until he could push upright without a chance of coming into contact with Buck. He stalked over to the window without a word, turning his back on the room, and Buck. That couldn't be good news at all. Instead of chasing him across the room, or tackling him onto the king-sized bed, Buck picked himself up and went into the bathroom. He cranked open the taps on in the giant whirlpool tub, and shrugged out of what was left of his clothing. The jacket had actually survived the slide down the door pretty well, but Chris's enthusiastic unwrapping had lost him a few buttons on his shirt after all. He couldn't really tell if the stain on his tie was from dinner or their extra-curricular activities, but either way it needed a trip to the cleaners too. He heeled out of his shoes, dropped his pants and underwear in a puddle on top of them. He checked the temperature in the tub, adjusting the mix of hot and cold a little, and then padded back into the room wearing socks and a smile.
Chris had come back from the window, at least, and was perched on the edge of the bed, looking anxious and apologetic. "Sorry," he got out, but seemed to run out of words after that. "I'm sorry."
"Yeah," he agreed instead. "You are. But it's not like I'm not used to it by now." He infused enough humor and love into the truth to take the sting out of it, and Chris ducked his head, hiding a small grin. "How 'bout you strip off, so we can finally get some use out of that big, damn tub?"
"Yeah, sounds good." Chris took a little more care with his clothes, draping them over the back of the desk chair, sliding his shoes into the floor of the closet. He reached out, brushing his hand over Buck's shoulder and down his arm, ending up with clasped hands, pulling Buck back to the bathroom. The tub was almost full, would probably overflow once they were both in it, but there was a drain in the floor, and besides, wasn't half the fun of staying in a hotel making a mess someone else had to clean up? Chris went down on one knee to peel one dress sock and then the other down Buck's calf and off, stroking along the arch and ball of each foot as they were exposed, strong enough not to tickle, but still sending a shiver up Buck's leg.
"Come on." Buck hooked a hand under Chris's arm, pulling him upright and brushing a kiss across his cheek, then shoving him gently toward the tub. It was spacious, not like an outdoor hot tub, but bigger than a residential tub, with room for both of them to stretch out and plenty deep to soak up to their necks. The water did flow over the sides, splashing onto the floor as they settled in, not quite spreading far enough to soak Buck's clothes. "Come here," he directed again, pulling Chris to him, back to front, wrapping his arms around Chris's waist. His hand stroked up and down lightly, not trying to start something, just soothing Chris's tension the best way he knew how. It took a few minutes for Chris to let go, to relax back into Buck's hold. He let his head drop back onto Buck's shoulder, snuffled a little bit in the hair behind Buck's ear, and then finally spoke.
"I'm sorry."
Buck chuckled. "You said that already."
"Yeah. But I am," Chris protested. Buck could usually go a month without an apology from Chris, now it seemed like he had an even dozen in less than twenty-four hours.
"Instead of apologizing, how 'bout you try a little explaining."
"Are you sure we couldn't just skip to the make-up sex instead?" Buck grinned, but he wasn't planning on being distracted from this, and he expected Chris knew that. He waited, and Chris just sighed.
"It's my dad," he finally admitted. Buck had figured as much.
"Is he sick?" Arthur was getting up there in years, even if he did keep a pretty active lifestyle. He looked healthy, but there were plenty of things that could be wrong that might not show.
"No," Chris was quick to put in. "Nothing like that." Buck relaxed a little, though he guessed it was only a matter of time.
"Then what?" he asked, bending a little to kiss along Chris's jaw, sucking gently at his earlobe. "Something's got you all worked up, and not in a good way."
Chris chuckled. "You didn't seem to mind a few minutes ago." Chris slid a hand down to cup Buck's now-limp cock, stroking it gently, and Buck had to concede his point.
"Yeah, well, a good blowjob's not going to get you off the hook. So spill it."
Chris nodded then, and turned in the water until he was lying on his side, with his head pillowed on Buck's chest. He wrapped both arms around Buck, squeezing a little, then relaxing his grip. "It's gonna sound crazy." Buck had to wonder at that. One thing he'd never seen from Arthur or Donna was any hint that aging was affecting their mental faculties.
"Your dad's talking crazy?" he asked.
Chris snorted. "Crazy for him, but no. Not that kind of crazy."
"What did he say?" If Chris didn't get to the point pretty soon, Buck might just have to drive over to the Larabee spread and ask Arthur what the hell he'd said that had sent his eldest son into such a tailspin.
"Told me how great you are." Buck chuckled, and watched the vibration of it spread to Chris and into the water that cradled them. He might have made a joke, but Chris wasn't done. "He said I'd be an idiot to let you go. And that they want me to be happy." Buck's heart ached just a little at Chris's amazement. Hell, that was the way that parents were supposed to feel about their kids. It was the kind of thing that Buck called his mother just to hear. But he tried to imagine being Chris, hearing this for the first time in his forties. What would that be like? It probably would shake up your world a bit.
"He loves you, Chris." He'd always known it, even when Chris couldn't see it for the years of bullshit the past had left between them. "They both do."
"Yeah," Chris's agreement was quiet. "Guess I should've known that."
"Yeah, well." Buck kissed the top of Chris's head, then teased, "Sometimes you're not the brightest bulb in the lamp, but we still love you."
"You haven't heard the best part, though."
"What's that?" He couldn't quite imagine something to top that.
"They want us to stay up at the farm from now on when we visit. Say goodbye to your whirlpool tub, hello to cold showers, unless you want them to hear everything."
Buck groaned for effect, because Chris expected it, but really, he was touched. It really said something about the senior Larabees that love for their son would finally triumph over the faith that was so central to their lives. And he could bet that Steven wouldn't make this choice easy on them, either. But if there was one thing he could count on from any Larabee, it was bullheaded stubbornness. He didn't think that once it had been offered, the invitation would be revoked.
"That's sweet, Chris. How soon do you want to take them up on it?"
Chris snorted, "Not very damn soon."
They lay in the tub for almost an hour, and Chris took it upon himself to add hot water in dribs and drabs to keep it comfortable. Buck wanted to turn on the jets, but Chris hated the damned noise of them so he griped, and Buck slapped them back off quickly. What touching there was was light, easy, relaxing them both rather than inciting the next bout of sex. Chris smiled when Buck's breathing eased into a light snore. "Hey," he whispered.
"What?"
"You're snoring."
"Am not." Buck could literally fall asleep without knowing, and wake up without realizing he'd been out. Sometimes he even woke himself up with his own snoring. Chris was tempted, some days, to borrow the camcorder from the office, just to prove his point. But today it was enough to climb out of the tub with muscles so relaxed they felt like jello, and offer his partner a hand. Buck sat perched on the edge of the tub, staring at his shriveled fingertips like they were the most fascinating things he'd ever seen.
"Here." Chris draped a large towel around his shoulders, and grabbed another for himself. He scrubbed briefly at his hair, and then brushed his teeth and took a piss. When he was ready for bed, Buck was still sitting there, zoned out. "C'mon, big dog, let's get you to bed." Buck didn't protest when Chris pointed him at the john, then bundled him toward the bed.
"Be right there," Chris said, and picked up his phone to check voicemail. Vin had called to check in, and in Vin's words, make sure Chris hadn't killed anybody. He smiled and hit the speed dial for Vin's cell.
"It's over. No bloodshed," he said when Vin answered.
Soft laughter echoed down the line. "Good to hear. You sound good too."
"I'm..." Chris paused, not sure how to say it, and wondered if he could get Buck to explain the decades of bullshit that would make his dad's behavior tonight sound as unexpected as it had been. "I am," he finished lamely.
"Good. You still headed back tomorrow?"
"Oh, yeah." They rang off that simply, and Chris turned off his phone before he crawled under the covers next to Buck.
He curled along Buck's back, snugging his knees in close, wrapping one arm around Buck's waist and tucking the other up under his head. Buck sighed and laid a hand over his, pressing until Chris's hand was splayed over his heart, and he could feel each beat from front to back.
"Love you," Chris whispered, pressing a kiss against Buck's spine.
"Mmmm-mmm," was Buck's only response, and then he was snoring again. The sound was familiar, soothing, and Chris let himself drift to sleep.
When he woke, it was with a jerk, certain that he'd overslept, missed something important. The bright sun through the open curtains stabbed his eyes. It had to be— Chris fumbled for his watch, didn't find it on the bedside table, and it took him another minute to recall where they were and why. Finally he propped himself up enough to look across Buck to the hotel alarm clock: 9:30. Damn, he couldn't remember the last time he'd slept so late. Of course, it wasn't like anyone was expecting them anywhere this morning. Vin would be worried if they didn't pull in before dinner, but other than that... They could lie here in bed until checkout time, or as late as they wanted if he was willing to take the hit on his credit card.
But the truth was, he wanted to get home, hear Vin brag about what he had accomplished around the house without Buck to distract him, to settle back into the comfort of their life together, and get back to work. It wasn't like the guys weren't an independent bunch who kept the office running pretty well while they were gone. They'd gotten the practice in the times that Buck and Chris had been on the road more often than not. Hell, they were probably glad to have the place to themselves. Maybe it was time to get started planning their next vacation. One for all three of them. He and Buck had had a lot of fun searching websites and travel guides before they chose the Alaskan cruise for his folks. Maybe they ought to put that kind of effort into their own leisure plans.
"What?" Buck's voice was scratchy with sleep, but his hand came up, and one finger rubbed lightly between Chris's brows where Buck said he was getting wrinkles from all his worrying.
"Good morning, sleepyhead." Chris leaned up for a closed-mouth kiss, but Buck wasn't willing to stop there, and Chris didn't put up much of a fight. When he pulled back, Buck had a sleepy, wide grin that just made Chris think all over again how much he loved this man and the life they'd built. And yeah, fifty years might just be long enough for all of them to spend together. If Buck's knees and his back didn't put them both in wheelchairs long before, they'd have matching rocking chairs, and Vin would—
"Chris?" Buck had sensed Chris's sudden distraction. "What?"
"Nothing."
"Bullshit," Buck countered.
"Nothing bad." He kissed Buck again, then pushed up to his hands and knees and climbed out of bed. "What say we get some breakfast, and hit the road?" Truth was, as long as they were in the car before noon, they'd be home in time for dinner. If Vin wasn't in the mood to cook, they could pick up take out on the way in and have a relaxed evening.
Buck groaned, stretching his arms up high overhead and his feet off the end of the big bed. "Okay, but I could think of a few things we could get up to right here that would be a lot more fun than six and a half hours in the car."
Chris chuckled, ripping the pre-packaged coffee and filter open with his teeth. "You already missing the whirlpool tub?"
"Maybe we should install one. Especially if Vin's in a handy mood."
"Just because he can resurface the deck doesn't mean he wants to remodel our bathroom." Chris did a little mental figuring. It would be cheaper—safer, anyway—to pay a licensed plumber.
"I think he's pretty handy." Buck's own hands slid around Chris's hips, just holding him while they watched the coffee pot sputter and drip.
"You're one to talk." Chris turned in Buck's arms and felt those big hands slide down to cup his ass.
"You don't usually complain about that," Buck teased.
"I'm not complaining now," Chris countered. "But if you take that much further, we might not make it out of here before dark."
The rumble of Buck's laugh vibrated between them. "You say that like it's a bad thing."
Chris shook his head. "Just, if we want a vacation, I can think of a few better places than Jasper to spend it. " Aruba, maybe. It was no stretch to imagine Buck, muscles flexed and sheened with sweat, straddling Vin to apply a liberal dose of cocoa butter…
"Mm-hmm." Buck started to explore Chris's throat, but right then the coffee maker let out a big huff of steam and fell silent. "Ooh, coffee!" Maybe he should have been offended at how quickly Buck was diverted, but he only managed amused. Buck fixed a cup for him, and he wandered over to the window, looking out at the bright morning. He imagined where people in those cars might be going, which of them had jobs, families, outstanding warrants. You couldn't tell just by looking at folks who they were, and sometimes even the ones you thought you knew would up and surprise you.
Chris figured he'd surprised the hell out of his family the first time he'd brought Buck home and demanded they accept him as Chris's lover. He'd surprise them again when he introduced them to Vin. Of course, if Vin had any say about it, that day would never come. And, oddly enough, that didn't really bother Chris. He wouldn't be doing Vin any favors to drag him into the soap opera that was the Larabee family. And it might be a kindness, not to force his family to stretch any further. They all, with the exception of Steve, had learned to love Buck. They'd like Vin, too, if they ever got the chance to meet him. Chris smiled.
What?" Buck asked.
Chris shrugged. "I think my mom would like Vin. And my dad would hate him."
"Probably," Buck said easily.
"So I'm thinking—" Buck threw a pillow at him, hard. Chris ducked and let it go flying by. "What the hell was that for?" he asked.
"Nobody wants another war, Chris," Buck huffed at him. "Not your folks, not Vin, not me and not even you. So you tell me, who do you think you'd be making happy if you did that?"
Chris opened his mouth—and closed it again. Sometimes Buck could be insufferable when he was right, but today he was just earnest, loving all of them a damn sight better than they probably deserved.
"Let's go home."
THE END
Charlie chased the line of thought across the blackboard.  He was so close; it was almost perfect, almost there, almost.
"Na na nothing between us… hmm, no, that's not it.  Na na na deep inside again na na…"
Gone.  The writing on the chalkboard resolved itself to nothing but chalk, pointless and wrong.  Charlie couldn't believe how terribly wrong it was.  Almost as wrong as Larry's singing.
Which was still going on, Larry occasionally throwing out another "Na" while rapidly writing in the notebook he was hunched over.
"Larry, you're humming."
The blue eyes had the same vague look that Larry got when he was lost in eleven dimensions, before they focused back on the notebook.  "Yes, well I haven't figured out all the words yet."
Charlie started with, "No, that's not…" but he trailed off, considering that Larry was humming again and obviously not listening.  "Forget it," he said mostly to himself.
He turned back to the blackboard, trying to force it to transmute into the answer he was seeking, but his mind was focused far too squarely on the puzzle behind him.  He put the chalk down, hoping the disconnect would refresh his thoughts, before turning his attention to the other mystery in the room, sitting close as he looked at the page overflowing with truly appalling lyrics, Venn diagrams, mark-outs, and doodles that Larry had been messing with since he'd arrived almost an hour before.  "Please would make a good rhyme for knees in that one line there."
Charlie felt Larry's laugh through the shoulder touching his, though the sarcasm only carried with the sound.  "Please and knees?  I don't even want to know where your mind was going there, Charles.  I'm trying to write a soulful ballad, not the soundtrack to an adult movie."
"Okaaaay… 'nonlinear dynamics and chaos' is a line from a soulful ballad?"
Larry face went from irritated to resigned before he crossed the line out.  "You're right; that was just pitiful.  But I'm really not sure what to put between these two other phrases."  He looked hard at the sheet, apparently trying to will it into soulful ballad-ness.  "Maybe I should just leave the nas in.  Sort of like Land of a Thousand Dances, only with more heartbreak and despair.  And perhaps a few less nas."
Charlie let his laugh push back against Larry's shoulder, liking the description.  He was clueless about the song referenced, but Larry often used allusions he couldn't catch.  "Why are you writing a song, anyway?"
And for the first time since he'd interrupted Charlie during his 'garage time,' Larry looked at him directly, a tiny quirk of lips, his Mona Lisa smile, gracing his face.  "The longer I'm around you, Charles, the more it comes to me that man cannot exist by science alone."
Ignoring the bait for once, Charlie let the vague insult pass, waiting for the real explanation.
Larry's hands waved over the notebook as he spoke, conducting an invisible orchestra to whatever answer he saw there, his voice full of the same earnestness it got when he talked about things not quantifiable.  "Da Vinci was both a scientist and an artist.  Michelangelo's studies of human anatomy actually helped the medical sciences, such as they were.  There was a time, Charles, when people didn't separate science and the arts.  When all disciplines were celebrated with equal fervor and all knowledge was held in equal regard.  Well, mainly, anyway.  I… I just want…" he trailed off, his usual eloquence disserting him.
But Charlie understood.  He'd sometimes struggled against the flood of numbers, against the fear that they were all he was good for.  "You don't want to feel limited by what you know.  To what you've trained for or experienced."
Larry nodded broadly, looking like a mildly demented bobble-head.  "You can still surprise me, even after all these years.  And you're exactly right.  I don't want to be limited to, or limited by, what I already am."
Charlie might have been insulted - again - by Larry's surprise at his, admittedly, unusual emotional intuition, but his mathematic one had just kicked in, and he went back to his blackboard, Larry's humming weaving comfortably through his thoughts as he once again tried to capture them with chalk.
::::::::::
The next day, Charlie felt like history was repeating itself, in that everything was exactly the same.  Well, it was the next day, so that was different.  And it was earlier in the day.  And in Charlie's office, and he was working on a whiteboard instead of his chalkboard, and… okay, Larry was still humming and Charlie was still trying to solve his problem, those two things were exactly the same.
Charlie wasn't making a lot of progress on his problem, however, considering that about every two minutes Larry asked -
"Charles, what do you think of the word turgid?"
A question.  Though some of them were odder than others, and Charlie tried not to think too hard about the word turgid, because that was only going to lead to bad places.  Or good places, actually, though not so much when he was in his office, where anyone might walk in.  So, "I really don't think about that word all that often, Larry."
Larry nodded wisely, his lips pursed and his voice thoughtful.  "Hmmm.  Well, that explains some things."
"Hey!"  Charlie cringed a little inwardly, thinking his indignation might have carried more weight if his voice hadn't cracked.  "What exactly are you trying to imply there, Fleinhart?"
Projecting innocence so thick it was almost dripping off of him, Larry offered, "I believe I was implying that your vocabulary really could use some work, Mr. Eppes.  What did you happen to infer?"
"Vocabulary.  Right."  Though, when Charlie thought about it, with Larry you could never tell.  He very well might have been insulting Charlie's vocabulary rather than his sex drive.
But Charlie really needed to get back to work, and he couldn't afford to be distracted, so he put inference, implication, words he wasn't going to think about, and Larry out his mind, and turned back to the whiteboard, focusing down.
He'd actually made it through five minutes of peace when Larry broke the silence with, "If you were a woman, and perhaps not quite a young woman anymore, and someone compared you to a quasar, would you read that as a reference to power, or would you see it as a comment about your age?"
Charlie actually thought about it for a moment before he realized what he was doing.  He shook his head in a futile attempt to get Larry out of it, but it was years too late for that.  "I would think that the person who'd made the reference was more than a little crazy, is what I would think.  Larry, you're becoming obsessed with this song.  I really think you need to find another hobby."
Larry sank his head on his hands as he looked sadly at the heavily crossed-over sheet he'd been writing on.  "You're probably right.  Some of us were obviously just not meant to be the next Barry Manilow."
Shuddering at the thought of more than one Barry Manilow, Charlie used a spit-wet finger to wipe away the bad equation that Larry's interruptions had provided.  Well, maybe his own apparently malfunctioning brain had something to do with it.  Hopefully now things could go back to normal, where his brain actually produced answers and Larry interrupted him about normal things.  Well, normal for Larry, anyway.
But, "I've been considering moving from verse to prose, anyway.  They say you should write what you know, but I would imagine that fairly familiar with would work as well, at least for fiction, wouldn't you think?  Because I have this idea, which could potentially be a bestseller in the making, once I have the whole thing worked out, anyway.  It's a mystery series featuring a college professor who's consulted by the FBI."
Charlie nervously ran a hand through his hair, forgetting about the dry-erase marker and accidentally adding to one already prominent eyebrow, wondering how he could tactfully give his opinion about Larry's proposed project, but eventually he just went with his usual graceless honesty.  "Larry, no one's going to be interested in the adventures of someone like you or me."
Larry's head sank lower, the weight pushing his cheeks up almost to the level of his eyes, the lips bowing suspiciously towards a pout.  "Yes, well, considering that I can barely hold the interest of my own students, even while wielding a fair amount of power over their GPAs, I think you might be right."  His sigh cut off midway, face going excited as something occurred to him.  "But now humor… well, everyone likes to laugh, right?  Maybe something in the science-fiction genre, only funny and with more accurate physics than you generally find."
Charlie figured he had to stop this train of thought before Larry started trying to test jokes on him; he really needed to get to work, and with the way things were going, that was looking less likely all the time.  "You know what, Larry, I'm thinking maybe you should put the whole hobby thing on hold for a while.  Maybe do something fun, like take a little vacation.  Far away from here."
Larry, apparently, wasn't going to fall into any inferences, because he ignored the last bit in favor of what came before it.  "Well, it has been a while since I traveled for any reason that wasn't work related.  But I wouldn't have any idea on where to go."
Surprised that his suggestion was being taken seriously, Charlie had to think quickly about what came next.  He moved over to the desk, playing with some papers there to give himself more time, sitting on a corner when inspiration came.  "You could go to Seal Beach like Dr. Alder and Professor Martin did last year.  I'm pretty sure I remember hearing them say it was a lot of fun; like the Riviera, but no so crowded."
Running a hand idly through his hair, drawing the tight curls out to a surprising length, Larry wrinkled his face as he thought.  "Yes, they did say it was quite lovely.  But then both of them became pregnant while they were there, and though I know I said I wanted children, I really don't think I'm quite willing to take that risk."
Charlie kicked at the chair Larry was sitting in, laughing.  "Very funny."
But Larry just gave him a confused look and a confused, "What?"
"I'm not falling for it.  I know you're joking."  And of course Larry was joking, because there was no way he was that oblivious.
Except that Larry was still looking confused, and Charlie was beginning to wonder.  But, no.
Still.  "You are joking, aren't you?"
Larry managed to keep a straight face for about a second longer before he started laughing, which made Charlie smile, even if it was a little embarrassed.  One day he would be impervious to the bewildered act, if only because Larry would eventually run out of scenarios to play it in.
"Exactly how long am I going to have to pay for that one joke?  But, okay, no vacations to Seal Beach for you.  I'd hate for you to become an unwed father."
Larry's face lit up all of a sudden.  "Hey, now that would make a great story.  A science-fiction mystery series about a college professor who consults with the FBI, and who, through some wildly improbably accident with a colleague, becomes the first pregnant male.  That definitely has bestseller potential."
Charlie turned back to the whiteboard, determined not to fall for it again.
However.  "You are joking, aren't you?"
::::::::::
Chemical and electrical impulses in his brain mapped to chalk and slate with kinetic energy, mapped to algorithms in ones and zeros, an electrical stream from state to state, circling from energy to energy like some odd extension of the first law of thermodynamics.
Of course, all that really mattered to Charlie at the moment was that he'd solved his problem.  He didn't want to trace the path of the solution at this point, as the actual following along it had just about done him in.  Too many late nights, too few breaks.  If it hadn't been for Larry and his many distractions, Charlie would have completely lost the last couple of days to work.  Now all he wanted was sleep.
But all thoughts of sleeping on his bed flew out the metaphorical window when he found Larry sleeping on his bed.  Well, some of the thoughts of sleeping on his bed went, though the fatigue still hung like weights around him.
His father must have let Larry in before leaving on his date with… Donna, and why was that name so hard to remember?  Shaking off the wayward thoughts, Charlie wondered how long Larry had been waiting for him.
He didn't make much of a Sleeping Beauty, with his hair being pushed out of its usual order, his face scrunched into the pillow, and, yes, just the slightest hint of drool at the upturned corner of his mouth, but Charlie still wanted to kiss him.
"Did you do it?"  Sleep-bright eyes squinted at him.
For a moment Charlie thought he meant the kiss, and he wondered how he had missed doing it, but then his brain started clocking again, and he nodded.  "Yeah, they have what they need."  He grinned.  "No thanks to you and your distractions."
Larry yawned, his body arcing up in a long stretch that made Charlie feel just a little bit less tired.  "You like my distractions."
Which, yes, he sort of did, but still, he wasn't going to just admit to it.  "Turgid?"
"Frankly, Charles, I was beginning to wonder there if I'd turned invisible… which would be a great story.  Maybe something about finding the right sort of substance, something that light wouldn't reflect against, but rather bend around… maybe chemically seed someone so that they could secrete it… you know, I really think that might make a-"
Charlie valiantly managed not to roll his eyes as he cut Larry off.  "Potential bestseller.  Larry, just no.  No one would be interested in a story like that."
The breath behind the sigh pushed Larry's chest up, causing Charlie to feel even a little less tired than before.  "Yes, you're probably right."  He paused, his eyes holding Charlie's.  "You know I would never disturb you on a real deadline, where time was truly crucial, right?"
And Charlie did know that, especially considering how many times Larry had helped him out, totally focused on the goal, in those types of situations.  "Yeah, I know."
"That being said, you do need to learn, or not so much learn as accept, that distractions aren't always a negative thing where work is concerned.  Sometimes humans are at our most creative when we're relaxed and enjoying ourselves."
Thoughts of enjoying himself were warring impulses in Charlie's mind, the desire to sleep versus his desire for… other things, and he smiled.  "Are you advocating sex as a brainstorming exercise?"
Larry waggled his eyebrows a bit, giving an exaggerated leer.  "There's more to life than solving equations, Charles."
"Like your supposed music?"
The leer deepened into a frown.  "Yes, well, I'm surprised you even remember that, considering how intent you were to ignore me.  Apparently up to and including sending me packing, all the way to Seal Beach, no less."
Charlie knew the frown was fake.  Mostly.  Still.  "Make it up to you?"
The frown faded, giving way to sly consideration.  "Well, you could try I suppose."  The suppose was drawn out, as if Larry were only agreeing reluctantly, even as he spread his arms out invitingly.  "Perhaps you could try paying me the same kind of attention you give your numbers."
Charlie looked at the lips he'd wanted to kiss since he'd walked into the room, that he'd wanted to kiss years before he'd even been truly aware of why he wanted it.  He saw the numbers in the bow, in the slope of the bottom lip tipping over into Larry's chin; mundane, arcane, and everything in between.  "The curve of your lips…" He trailed off, not knowing how to explain in words what was so obvious in math.
"Are you quoting Wilde to me, Charles?  There might be hope for you yet."
And he was lost again.  Had he been quoting someone?  He couldn't remember a mathematician named Wilde, but maybe it was something he'd read in school.  "Wilde who?"
"Never mind, I suppose that was too much to ask-" The end cut off as Charlie gave into want, as he pulled the words into his mouth, sinking onto the bed beside Larry, pushing him back into the mattress until their bodies were one line of contact down the length of the bed.  The kiss was long and soft; no goal, all sensation.
Lips flushed and swelling, color high on his cheeks, his breath warm and fast against Charlie's skin, Larry was color, light, matter, planes defined by numbers, but not fully described by them, and Charlie could feel the pull, the need to understand something that would always be just slightly out of reach.
But not completely, not out of touch, small hands, still warm with sleep, tracing maybe-random patterns across his back, down his arms.  The touch was soft, sleep still catching at Larry's eyes, the gravity of it weighing Charlie down, but he'd missed this connection, and he couldn't resist taking just a little more.
The rasp of tongue down the prickling curve of Larry's jaw made him squirm and give a contented sigh, his neck stretching back in invitation.  Charlie traced the hollows and hills, feeling the vibration that ran its length as Larry murmured his approval.
He tongued one hardening nipple through Larry's shirt, rubbing the wet cotton into it even as his hands moved to buttons, peeling back layers to get to the flesh beneath.  The nipple still tasted vaguely of cotton and soap after it was free of the cloth, but even more strongly of Larry.
Charlie felt fingers in his hair, getting caught in the kinks.  They slid slowly through, undoing the loose knots without pulling, rubbing the slick strands between them, and Charlie almost lost what he was doing in the pleasure of it, feeling the tug on his scalp as sensation all the way down his back.  But the divide down the middle of Larry's chest, the rounded swell over his abdomen, the sink of his navel were all calling to be tasted, and he let his fingers follow the slick path downward.
Larry's breath was coming faster, his erection pressing up against his pants, but he was liquid, still and deep, beneath Charlie's touch.  Even his "You always have had such a facile tongue" was a whispered drawl, content in the moment.
The siren song of sleep was still calling to him, but Charlie couldn't resist taking in the smells and tastes, couldn't resist the need to reconnect after his self-imposed exile.  He had to wonder at what drove him at moments like that; what would make cold, beautiful numbers seem more important than warm, beautiful flesh?  Whatever it was, he could only be thankful that Larry seemed to understand, and that Larry was always there when he found his way back.
Pushing aside more cotton, Charlie mapped his way down Larry's cock, feeling it push at his mouth, and he didn't tease, taking it in, sucking gently, one hand stroking the fuzz-soft sac already pulling tight, too tired for complicated.  The little noises from the back of Larry's throat certainly seemed to indicate that it felt good enough, the hands in his hair were obviously struggling to pet rather than grip.  Charlie's cock was only taking the barest interest in the proceedings, but it all felt so good anyway, and he hummed contently, riding out the thrust and flood of Larry's release; bitter, sweet and comfortingly familiar.
His hair was being pulled lightly, encouraging him up, drawing his head down to Larry's chest, both of them falling together towards sleep.
Chemical and electrical impulses in their brains mapped by touch to flesh with kinetic energy, mapped to excitement and release, a liquid stream from state to state, circling from energy to energy, an extension of them, and it was all that really mattered to Charlie as he drifted off to sleep.
/story


[locked to sam_worthington]
Sam, you won't even believe how awesome this is! Remember how I mentioned I've been doing breath training so I could try some serious freediving, not just the fucking around I've done before? I just found out THE KING Herbert Nitsch is going to be in town when we go back to NZ for your Avatar shooting, like maybe 50 km away I think? And he doesn't compete anymore right now since he almost died on that dive a few years ago, but he still lectures and he actually does some private teaching now. Would it be all right if I can swing a few days with him while you're working? This dude is fucking AMAZING!!!


Moments
+++
Zach gasped a shaky breath as he drove forward, the smell of the room, of their joined and mixing bodies and odors taking a moment longer to get to his brain. Objectively speaking it probably wasn’t a very pleasant smell, too obtrusive. Still, at the moment, buried in Anton’s ass, covering his body with his own, it was intoxicating.
Zach stretched out and slid his hands along Anton’s sides, up to his arms. Goose bumps rose along his back together with the movement. They started at his spine and spread outwards. He ran his hands over slightly bony shoulders and down over strong arms, until his fingers could weave together with his lover’s.
He rocked his hips once, Anton’s form moving with him with practices ease and sank his teeth in the flesh over Anton’s left shoulder blade lightly before trailing his nose down his neck as far as he could go. He was shadowing the smaller man.
“You’re gorgeous,” he whispered and pull-pushed his hips again. Anton met his thrust.
He blinked.
Zach watched as Anton settled onto Chris’ lap. No one here believed him he’d go through with it yet. After all he was their little Anton. The guy who talked about sex a lot but didn’t really do it. He could see in their faces that they thought that. If only they knew how wrong they were.
Anton took Chris’ beer bottle out of his hands and handed it to Karl who was sitting next to Chris in their demented little circle on the floor of Eric’s living room. Zach knew that Anton would ask Chris whether this really was okay and it was probably that which stunned the rest into silence as they realized that this was going to happen.
And happen it did. Anton sat more or less opposite of Chris, so he couldn’t see that well, but he saw Anton raise his hands and loop them around Chris’ neck as he angled his head and moved closer. Then there was heavy breathing and the obvious, slight up and down, back and forth motions of Anton’s halo of curls that meant he was kissing someone.
John lowered his beer in awe, staring at the two, and Zach didn’t bother suppressing a grin.
Chris’ hands, that had held him up, reached for Anton. He ran them up over his sides and back, gripped the flesh of his back through the thin band shirt Anton was wearing. The slide of Chris’ large hands on Anton’s suddenly delicate back made a strange sort of noise that Zach couldn’t describe. A swoosh? A rustle?
He heard Anton gasp and it bothered him that he couldn’t see what Chris had done. Deeming it enough, he hooked two fingers into the back pocket of Anton’s jeans and pulled him off of his friend’s lap.
He blinked.
There were days when everything seemed wondrous to Zach. He’d stare at a car and wonder how the fuck humanity had ever managed to survive long enough let alone gotten their shit together enough to build something like it. Flying was horror on these days.
But even this, Anton’s mouth around his dick, his eyes closed, kneeling before him on the floor, Zach perched onto the edge of the bed was strange to him. He’d done it before and he knew the way Anton always choked a little when he took Zach in too deep. Knew the way his eyes always slipped shut and open, shut and open, like neither Anton nor his body knew what he really wanted. He knew the warm, wet feeling and he knew the pleasure it brought him.
But on days like today he felt like a new-born kid that couldn’t for the life of him decide why this boy was sucking him off. He still climaxed, he still enjoyed it, but it was a completely different kind of pleasure. One that stemmed less from the experienced work of Anton and more of his own seemingly inexperienced brain. Less from the Marilyn-red on Anton’s lips and more from his marveling at them.
It was a strange thing.
He blinked.
Anton pushed him back against the tiled shower wall urgently, like only twens would. The tiles were cold, he could feel the gaps, or rather the edges of the tiles that formed the gaps, dig into his back and he wondered for a short moment whether he was going to slip when he dropped the bar of soap.
But then Anton’s face was in his and he smelled of cigarettes and rain and fresh air and youth and life and his tongue was in Zach’s mouth before he even knew he opened it. He pushed at it and twisted his own around it, he sucked the nicotine taste off it and let it plunder.
The water was turning cold, or maybe it was just because Anton hadn’t closed the door to the shower and the air outside was rushing in, brushing up against his wet body and cooling him off. At least Anton had gotten rid of his clothes before barging in here.
He pressed his hard dick against Zach’s now and the older male moaned his appreciation into tight lips that were still attached to his like they were stitched together. Anton’s hair lost more and more of its volume, clinging to his head just like Anton was clinging to Zach’s face.
Zach was happy.
He blinked.
When Anton was sleepy-tired, he was an interesting lay. He became pliant underneath Zach, completely so. He folded around any obstacle and took Zach into his body with an ease they never accomplished when he was wider awake.
Granted, he didn’t push back against Zach, but rather slid along the mattress higher and higher, but Zach didn’t mind. He also didn’t moan as deeply as he normally did, he mewled. Zach didn’t mind that either. He didn’t even mind Anton looking like he was asleep when he closed his eyes, a relaxed smile stretching his lips upward and his arms lying by his sides lifelessly. If Zach weren’t holding his legs up and folding them around his back, those would have lain on the bed also, he was sure of that.
Zach probably could have folded him into every position of the Kama sutra like this.
He often wondered whether he had a kink for sleeping people, but no one else ever made him want to do them when they were asleep. Anton didn’t even do that. And he wasn’t actually asleep, Zach knew that. He was just very relaxed.
Relaxed enough for Zach to feel his dick slide in and out of him without the trademark pressure. Of course there still was pressure, but the recurring clenching of Anton’s muscles was only very soft and seldom.
Anton’s skin smelled like paradise during that time.
“I love you,” he whispered and blinked.

+++
He had almost forgotten how much fun gunpla battles were - but only almost. Now that Tatsuya had reminded him of what it was like, Julian knew he couldn't stay away. Guess this meant his somewhat of a liar grandfather won in the end, seeing it turned out John Ayers Mackenzie was back on his feet and not exactly completely out of it, like he had managed to make his grandson believe. "Can't believe you pulled that on me, grandpa," Julian told his grandfather as they stood by the arena exit.
"Everything turned out fine, hmm?" The older Mackenzie replied. "But you're really going to get back to Gunpla? I really need to thank the Meijin for..." That was about as far as he got, as on that very moment, Meijin Kawaguchi the Third showed up from nowhere. Julian did want to talk to him more, although he figured that right now, Tatsuya had official duty to worry about.
It didn't appear so, though. "Julian. Come with me for a second," Tatsuya said, his voice a little odd. Through those shades he wore, Julian noticed a bit of a gleam in his narrowed eyes; a certain type of look which he was quite sure he'd seen before. It wasn't too hard to connect the situation either, because the last time he had seen Tatsuya give him such a look, it had been after one of their fights back in the Gunpla Academy. What had happened afterwards... Julian nodded a little and turned to his grandfather.
"I need to have a few words with the Meijin myself, now that we're not in front of the cameras. I'll be right back, and then we talk properly, grandpa," he said with a smile. "You're not getting away with that little plot of yours, you know. But we have all the time in the world when we go home, and I'm not going to get many chances to talk to Tatsuya." His grandfather didn't seem to suspect anything, at least, and just agreed to see him later as Julian went off, following after Meijin Kawaguchi the Third. He noticed Allan hurrying a few steps before them, leading the way. Where exactly they were going was another question, but he was sure he'd find that out soon.
Allan opened the door to one of the private players' waiting rooms; there was a couch, a few arm chairs, a table and a large TV screen. A perfect place for watching the battles in private, perhaps - but that was about as far as Julian got in observing the room. The very second he stepped into the room, Tatsuya grabbed him by the shirt collar with enough force that he almost tore the fabric. He pushed the blond against the closest wall - a closet door, actually - and kissed him near violently.
The moment he broke the kiss, Julian had managed to compose himself enough to catch Tatsuya's hands. "Wait, damn it," he muttered, staring at the younger man. Tatsuya hadn't changed all that much since the Gunpla Academy - well all right, Julian corrected himself, he had. Tatsuya's face was still as attractive as ever, but he was definitely taller, about as tall as Julian himself now, and he most certainly had more strength in his arms. The way he had his hair pulled back and the way his emerald eyes behind the sunglasses scrutinized Julian made him look a lot more dangerous as well. "What's this all of a sudden? We have one Gunpla Battle," Julian pointed out. "And you're already back to this? It's been since the Academy," he added with a chuckle. "But you sure don't waste time, do you?"
"Have the years of not playing softened you?" Tatsuya asked in a low, demanding voice. "You're claiming you don't feel it anymore? Feel... This heat. And you're saying this, after a battle like that?"
Perhaps Tatsuya was right on some level, but Julian also did remember. Back in the Gunpla Academy he had even felt somewhat guilty about it because Tatsuya had only been fifteen back then, but this... He looked back at the current Meijin Kawaguchi with a hint of a smirk on his face. He did indeed know that heat, and Tatsuya was an adult now. There was absolutely no need to hold back at this point. "I know..." He replied as he put all his body strength into pushing Tatsuya off of him and against the opposite wall. He pinned him there with his body and grabbed Tatsuya's hair with one hand, capturing him by the cravat with the other. "I bloody well know," he hissed at the younger man before returning the favor with a forceful kiss.
Tatsuya was quite eager to respond, raising his right hand and burying his fingers into Julian's hair, pulling him deeper into the kiss. His left hand went for the hem of Julian's shirt, tugging it out of his pants. "Damn it, Tatsuya," Julian muttered between kisses, pausing to catch his breath. Since the younger man was so happily trying to get rid of his shirt, he frowned and went for Tatsuya's coat, working to open it while Tatsuya tightened his grip on Julian's hair and pulled him into another violent, deep kiss.
The coat was opened without much trouble, and Julian advanced to the PPSE jacket underneath, but at that point Tatsuya grabbed him by the collar again and flung him backwards against the closet door. Before he managed to recover, Tatsuya was already there and pulling his shirt away. Julian allowed it, tossing the damned shirt somewhere to the side. He noticed the action had left Tatsuya open for a second and grabbed him by the cravat again, tugging it hard enough to pull it loose then off of the younger man. He discarded it on the floor - right as Tatsuya managed to grab him by the hair again and locked his lips against his.
His partner obviously had the plan of taking the lead here, and Julian was having none of it. Meijin Kawaguchi the Third or not, he wasn't about to lose that easily, and he kissed Tatsuya back with the same force the younger man was putting into it. There was his chance to go for the PPSE jacket again, and considering Julian himself was half-naked now, Tatsuya could only grab him by the hair. The jacket opened after some fumbling effort, as Julian had to keep his main attention on not letting Tatsuya grab him again, and the moment he got his hands under the jacket, he plain out ripped Tatsuya's shirt open.
That made Tatsuya pull back for a moment. He frowned as he glanced down and opened his mouth to say something, which unfortunately meant he let his guard down for a second and Julian was quick to take advantage of it. The coat offered him plenty to grab on, and a second later Tatsuya got thrown against the wall. A low grunt escaped his lips before Julian silenced him with another kiss. Tatsuya struggled under him, and Julian caught his wrists, managing to gain the upper hand for a moment.
It occurred to him around that point that Allan had closed the door behind them and was standing inside of the room, watching them with a wide smile on his face. It was also too bad for Julian that he allowed himself to be distracted by the fact, because the next thing that happened was Tatsuya pulling his hands free and tackling Julian to the floor. "Argh, what the hell!?" Julian cried out, both from surprise and pain. He gritted his teeth; he had managed to catch himself a little, but hitting himself on the floor was going to leave a few bruises.
"Seven to one," Tatsuya muttered with a menacing smirk on his face. He straddled Julian and sat on his legs, moving to undo his belt. "That's the first fight I ever won, and I was planning on evening that score a little further. How about it?"
The belt got pulled off and discarded to the side, but that one second was all Julian needed to push Tatsuya off of himself. Without giving him the chance to respond, Julian grabbed him and forced him down to the floor. He held Tatsuya by the shoulders, pinning him down. "Oh I get it," he hissed with a grin on his face. "And you think I'll just submit to you? Try again, Meijin Kawaguchi!" He grabbed Tatsuya by the jaw and forced another kiss on his lips.
Tatsuya relaxed under him and Julian pressed on - only to find that his opponent was only allowing it to catch him unprepared. He mumbled a couple of cuss words as Tatsuya grabbed him in turn and tried to throw him off of him, and they ended up struggling for the upper hand for a moment, rolling around on the floor a couple of times before Julian managed to push Tatsuya against one of the armchairs. He took the opportunity to distract him with another fierce kiss while sticking his hands down to Tatsuya's crotch to undo his pants.
It worked for a short moment, and he shifted his position to hold the younger man down by the shoulders again while he worked to pull Tatsuya's pants down. He didn't get too far though, as Tatsuya took the chance to grab him by the hair and drag him closer for a kiss before tackling him down to the floor again. "I intend to win, Julian," he murmured with a grin on his face. "You'll give yourself to me, want it or not...!"
"Not without a fight, and you only wish you'll win," Julian replied, grabbing a good hold of the Meijin overcoat and flipping Tatsuya under himself. He set back to getting rid of the younger man's pants, but he had to stop at the shoes, which gave Tatsuya enough time to recover. He pushed Julian against the couch and grabbed him by the hair, going for another kiss while sticking his hands down to open Julian's pants. Julian struggled a little and managed to get Tatsuya off of him for a second, but the table between the couch and the armchairs got in the way, and Tatsuya pulled back, managing to clumsily snatch Julian's shoes away while he went.
It was too bad for Tatsuya that his pants were stuck on his ankles, and he didn't manage to get away very fast. Julian dove after him and pushed him against the arm chair, then grabbed him by the neck of the coat and slammed him face down against the cushions. "Damn it..." Tatsuya muttered, putting up a struggle, but Julian held him down with his body weight. In the middle of this, he managed to pull Tatsuya's pants properly off, at least.
As he found himself kneeling on the floor holding Tatsuya against the armchair, it unfortunately occurred to him at that if they were about to have sex here, their preparations were insufficient. He wasn't about to try doing anything without at least some kind of lubricant, because as rough as this was, he knew that would've hurt them both. He had to pause his thoughts to catch Tatsuya's right arm with both hands and force it behind his back. Maybe there was something in this room they could use? He glanced around, only to realize he was looking at Allan standing next to the chair, leaning down.
"Here," Allan said with that same bright smile on his face as before. He was holding a small container, and Julian could only roll his eyes at that. Did he always come this prepared? "If you remember anything about Tatsuya from the Academy, he can get ideas anywhere. Best be prepared!" Allan continued, like he had been reading Julian's thoughts. "Come on, give me your hand," he said as he opened the container and offered it towards Julian.
Julian blinked and stared at Allan, a bit taken aback at that point. He snapped out of a second later as Tatsuya decided to use the opportunity to try to free himself, and that forced Julian to return his attention to holding him down. Allan watched the events then shook his head, appearing displeased. "Goddamn it, Tatsuya," Julian muttered and grabbed him by the hair with one hand. "Stop struggling, I can't get anything done here...!" Tatsuya responded by fighting even harder, and he managed to slip out of the hold for a few seconds. He moved in an attempt to turn around to face Julian and succeeded in doing so - but it also meant that the coat he wore gave Julian an opening to grab him by the collar again and push him down against the chair.
"You think I'll just to let you..." Tatsuya hissed at him with fire in his eyes, but he paused mid-sentence as he noticed Allan looming by their side. Right at that point Allan got tired of them not getting anywhere, and he grabbed Julian's left hand, pouring some of the lube onto his fingers. Julian glanced to the side, a little surprised, but only for a second. He recovered fast enough and stuck his hand between Tatsuya's legs while the younger man was still distracted.
Being careful was not an option, not when Tatsuya grabbed his hand in an attempt to get it away, and Julian pressed his fingers between Tatsuya's buttocks and into him. This at least made the younger man let go of him and fall back for a second. "Argh, ack, damn you...!" Tatsuya hissed, but he gave up the struggle for long enough to Julian continue with the preparation attempt.
"Way too hotblooded, Meijin," Allan said with a reprimanding tone as he leaned down to adjust the Meijin sunglasses, which had miraculously stayed on Tatsuya's face the whole time while him and Julian had fought. "That battle against you must've been too much for him," Allan told Julian with a smirk. "Seeing it got him this frustrated. I'd say it's been too long! And get your trousers out of the way, will you, Julian? You're going to need some of this as well." He held up the lubricant bottle again, although Julian could only think that it was easy for Allan to be giving instructions, when he had his hands full with holding down Tatsuya.
The younger man was at least currently busy squirming under his touch and muttering something under his breath, his hands gripping the armrests for support. Julian took the opportunity to shift away just a little, and he pulled Tatsuya's right leg over his shoulder to have better access while he continued his preparations, pressing his fingers deeper into the younger man. Trying to get his own pants out of the way with one hand in the middle of all this was a chore, but he succeeded in doing so after a bit of effort, at which point Allan instantly went ahead to take care of the adding lubricant issue. Julian felt his face flushing, even if a second later it occurred to him that getting embarrassed about being touched by Allan was too late after what was going on here - or after everything they had done with Tatsuya back in the Gunpla Academy, for that matter.
He didn't have time for being distracted for long, either - Tatsuya glared at him and attempted to kick him, and Julian only barely managed get his arm in the way to block the hit. This did give him the opportunity to push Tatsuya's left leg to the side, and he leaned a little closer and gave his fighting partner a grin. Even with all the resistance Tatsuya was putting up, he seemed more than willing, and Julian figured that caution was unnecessary. They both wanted it rough, and he forced Tatsuya's legs apart a little more, not taking much time to figure out their position before just pressing his body against Tatsuya's. He removed his fingers at the last moment only to replace them with his hard-on, pushing in as deep as he could.
At first Tatsuya cried out in what appeared to be a mixture of pain and pleasure, but a few seconds later he looked at Julian with a wild grin. He reached out his left hand to take a hold of Julian's right hand, entangling their fingers together. Julian leaned closer and grabbed Tatsuya by the shirt collar with his free hand to pull him in for a quick kiss before he shifted his position to find the best way of continuing. Tatsuya was quite flexible, at least, and he squirmed against Julian helpfully to receive him better. "Hurry it up before I flip you on your back," Tatsuya muttered, the emerald gaze behind the Meijin shades appearing quite demanding.
"You've gotten worse since the Academy," Julian mumbled in response, pressing his body against Tatsuya's then moving away just a little before he found a good pace for his thrusts. Tatsuya was definitely different from back then - while he had had his wild moments back in the Gunpla Academy, that schoolboy Julian remembered had preferred to allow his seniors to take the lead. Now, Julian wasn't exactly sure which one of them was in control here. "I take it that the Meijin is difficult to please, huh?" He pulled Tatsuya closer for another kiss, and his partner was more than happy to respond, not to mention to grab his hair in the process.
Tatsuya's body felt so hot, and Julian continued the thrusts, even if he felt like he was about to lose control completely. That, he realized, would've meant automatic loss here though, and he kept his eyes on his partner. Meijin Kawaguchi or not, Julian was still older out of the two of them and perhaps more experienced, but Tatsuya had for certain gained some experience as well. For one, Julian didn't remember that fifteen-year-old from the Gunpla Academy kissing this well. "Give me more," Tatsuya demanded between the kisses, tugging Julian's hair to draw him in for a deeper kiss. Julian had to break away a moment later as the kiss stole his breath.
This had to be the one of the strangest places he'd ever had sex in, Julian thought in the back of his mind as he concentrated on keeping his breathing calm. Back in the Gunpla Academy they had, with a couple of rare exceptions, always been in one of their bedrooms, even if he knew that had it come down to Tatsuya, they would've probably done it right on the Gunpla Battle System table. Julian smirked at the thought before leaning in to cover Tatsuya's lips with his own again. Not too much, he realized; Tatsuya was far from defeated and sought to control the kiss, and Julian pulled away after a few seconds and stared at his partner with a hint of a frown on his face.
The Meijin's glasses were starting to annoy him, and he took the opportunity to snatch the damned shades off just to watch the fire in Tatsuya's green eyes. As lost as Julian was in the act, though, from the corner of his eye he picked the sight of Allan standing there next to them with a content smile on his face - and a phone in his hand for some reason. Julian blinked and turned to look at him, realizing Allan was recording the whole thing. "Wait a minute," he questioned as he paused what he was doing and stared at the man. "The hell are you even doing, Allan?!"
Allan chuckled as he leaned close to pick up the sunglasses from Julian's hand. "What, isn't it obvious?" He questioned. "Well, all right. Think of it this way," he explained. "Tatsuya's so beautiful, but do you really think I ever actually get to watch him during sex? No time for that when Tatsuya gets like this, and even when I do get the opportunity to take things more slowly..." He shrugged and grinned. "Think back to the Gunpla Academy days. You know how he gets! So I'm using the opportunity to watch him as much as I like, without being distracted by his needs. Or my own, for that matter." There was a hint of something in Allan's voice and his smile - a little bit of proudness and a bit of possessiveness maybe, Julian couldn't tell for sure. "But answer me this in all seriousness, Julian. You have this in your arms - so can you honestly keep your hands off of him? Speaking of which, you really should be getting back to what you were doing..."
The warning came too late; Tatsuya had already gotten annoyed of the sudden pause in Julian's actions, and he took full advantage of the distraction. He squirmed away from Julian and grabbed him by the hair. "You're not here to have a chat with Allan," he hissed, pressing the man backwards by the left shoulder. Julian didn't recover in time to regain his balance, and Tatsuya pushed him over the table between the chairs and the couch. "You're here for this..." He climbed on top of Julian before the man managed as much as blink. "Our fight's not finished," Tatsuya added as he straddled him and without much of a pause took a hold of Julian's manhood and took it back into himself.
Julian didn't exactly get the chance to resist, not to mention he was somewhat out of breath from the earlier already. He muttered a swear word under his breath and squirmed under Tatsuya just to get himself into a little better position, and to not have half of his body off the table. It wasn't exactly an easy task with Tatsuya on his lap, but he managed to sit up after some effort, and Tatsuya grinned and wrapped his arms around Julian's shoulders. He moved in for another heated kiss before shifting around a little and concentrating on moving his body.
The change of position made Julian's life a little easier at least, because now Tatsuya was the one stuck doing most of the work. He could only hope they weren't going to end up tipping over the table, but his current seat seemed firm enough, and he wasn't about to slow down now. He placed his hands on Tatsuya's hips and pulled him closer before forcing his left hand between their bodies. "How much more do you think you can take?" He asked as he wrapped his fingers around the younger man's erection. "You've had this..." He said as he started stroking his partner. "For a while now..."
"Do I need to... Remind you... That I intend to win?" Tatsuya muttered between the kisses before grabbing Julian's hair again. He entangled his fingers in it and pulled the man in for another deep kiss, staring at him with that fiery gaze. "And how much longer... Can you?" He grinned, although he definitely was starting to look like it took him great effort to keep himself controlled.
Julian found himself gasping for breath, but he stared right back into those emerald eyes. "And I... Told you," he managed to mumble as a reply. "I'm not about to... Lose... Gah..." The heat was overwhelming him, and he had to close his eyes for a second before he focused his gaze on Tatsuya again. His partner was slightly shaking as he moved on his lap, and Julian gritted his teeth. He gripped Tatsuya's coat with his right hand, his left hand still working on the younger man's sex. "Damn it, Tatsuya..."
Neither of them were going to last much longer, but both were adamant on winning. Julian did his best fondling his partner, but Tatsuya had definitely leaned a few tricks since the Gunpla Academy. His movements, while obvious that he was struggling to keep control by now, were still a lot more precise than what Julian remembered him being capable of. Tatsuya shifted his position and glared at him, that wild grin still on his face as he pressed himself down on Julian's lap, taking as much of him into him as he could, and Julian could only wonder what had happened to that cute little fifteen-year-old from a few years back. The results of the battle mode he had dealt with before, but nothing this level of insanity.
"Gh... Julian..." Tatsuya mumbled, closing his eyes. He gripped Julian's shoulders hard enough to leave a bruise, although Julian was beyond caring. Besides, he thought, almost laughing at the thought as it crossed through the corner of his mind that still held on to sanity - after the two of them tumbling all over the floor earlier, it was way too late to worry about a couple of bruises. He closed his eyes as well, focusing on his fingers, still caressing Tatsuya, and the feeling of the younger man moving against him.
It was too much, and as much as Julian wanted to fight it, it had been a while since he'd done anything - and it had been years since he'd felt anything this intense. Nothing had felt like this since he had left playing Gunpla Battle behind him - and nothing reminded him of those feelings better than Tatsuya. Looking at the younger man's crazy, strained expression, Julian felt more alive than he had for years.
Breathing was so hard, and Tatsuya felt so hot and so tight it was making him insane. Julian pulled Tatsuya closer for kiss, not caring about anything anymore. The feeling overwhelmed him, and his mind went blank. The only thing he could feel was Tatsuya's hot body against him as they both reached their limit. Tatsuya threw his head back and cried out Julian's name; Julian settled to just gripping the younger man's skin under his fingers, muttering something he himself couldn't hear.
They were both too out of it to move afterwards. Julian slowly lay down on the table, and Tatsuya just slumped on top of him, both just trying to regain their senses. Anything he had done over the years hadn't done this to him, Julian thought tiredly, but if this was what it felt like, he definitely had to come back to gunpla. It all came back to him now, and Julian chuckled then just lay there trying to breathe.
"Well?" Allan's voice from the side asked after a moment passed in silence. "How was it? Who won?" He cheerfully questioned. Julian blinked and tried to focus his eyes, but his head was still spinning a little and it seemed hard to concentrate.
Another moment passed before Tatsuya slowly raised his head and stared at Julian for a second with a displeased expression before he burst out laughing. "A draw," he said after a while. "Imagine that. This isn't settled yet," he added with a hint of a grin on his face. "We'll have to fight again."
Julian finally composed himself enough to move a little, and he shifted his position a little as Allan helped Tatsuya stand up. He shook his head and took a deep breath as he looked at the younger man. "Tatsuya. May I at least request that you warn me beforehand the next time before dragging me off to somewhere for this?"
"I make no promises," Tatsuya replied with a smirk.

END.
Disclaimer:  Let's see...none of these characters belong to any of us. They
belong to Pet Fly and Paramount and other people. No harm is intended and no
money is being made here. That should cover it, right?  No Plots for the most
part...nothing but quickies. (Pun intended)
Warning: Rated NC-17 for nudity, sexual content, language and adult situations.
Bits,pieces, and parts of thoughts and drools posted to the senad mailing list
by various authors
Tidbit #1
Subject Header: Dear TPTB
Ann wrote, and thus inspired me:
>Jim lets Blair know (gently, with a smile) that while it's not a condition of
&gt;his staying, Jim would be pleased if they shared a bed.... And the music comes
&gt;up, and the lighting changes, and Blair and Jim lean closer, and closer, and as
&gt;their lips touch....
>Commercial Break!
>Next Week on The Sentinel -- we blow up more stuff!
>Brought to you by Ford, makers of Macho Trucks, and the gay men who drive them.
That did it, Ann. :)
Dear TPTB,
$$Yes, I am a member of SENAD.  Before you people get all homophobic on me,
I would advise you to note that this may save you $$MONEY!$$
Ok, now that I have your undivided attention, I'd like to make an observation.
I've noticed that TPTB at Pet Fly productions spend an incredible amount of
money on the television series _The Sentinel_ for the sole purpose of
transferring their adolescent sexual fantasies to the screen -- while at the
same time attempting in vain to deny the true nature of these fantasies, i.e:
the homosexual nature -- by using clichéd metaphors that are easily recognized
by what the Blair Sandburg character might term 'popular American culture.'
I am, of course, referring to Big Guns, Fast Trucks and Massive Explosions. You
may not 'get it,' TPTB,  but guess what?  We, at SENAD, don't need enhanced
senses to see the *real* picture here!  By using Big Guns, you are *obviously*
clueing viewers into the fact that our boys, James Ellison and Blair Sandburg,
are more than adequately endowed in their genital regions.  Well, Thank You!  We
knew that!  The Fast, Macho Trucks are yet another obvious metaphor for the
guys' sexual habits.  Sexually speaking, Jim knows just when to ease off on
Blair's clutch, when to pick up speed, slow down, put it in forward, reverse, or
just cruise along.  Blair  knows how to handle Jim's Big Rig and although the
anthropologist may think he has us fooled, we see the way Blair has learned to
take those curves.
As for the Massive Explosions, you didn't think you could 'slip' that past us,
did you TPTB?  Come on.  I mean *come* on.  Our men are always ready for the
next mind numbing orgasm and when it hits, the walls shake and unidentified
things fall from the sky.  Plastique has nothing on these guys!
So, what's my point, you may ask?  Before you get all hot and bothered, I'm
certainly not asking for an elimination of these sexual metaphors.  Boys, after
all, will be boys, and we *like* them that way.  However, I am suggesting that
you dispense with a car crash here, a few bullets there, and maybe keep a
building or two intact.  You could SAVE A HELL OF A LOT OF $$MONEY$$ and
*easily* make up the action scenes by doing what we all want and GETTING JIM AND
BLAIR IN THE SACK!!!   Think of the amount of cheap screen time you could get
just on the amount of lube that could be purchased for the price of *just one
car!*  I'm seeing a few more profitable seasons here.
Thank you for considering this heartfelt proposition.
--A Senner
Tidbit #2
Subject Header:  Dear TPTB (redux)
As usual, I can't keep my fingers out of the pie.  --Debra
Dear Diane and SENAD:
Thank you for your interest in our show.  We appreciate that you enjoy
watching _The Sentinel_ (Wednesdays on UPN; we're the network, baby),
as well as your comments suggesting how we could save money by buying
"lube, not trucks," as it were, "butter, not guns."
However, we feel it is our responsibility, nay, duty, as television
producers to provide our viewers with a *fantasy* outlet.  *You* know
and *we* know that the guns, the explosions, the tense looks... well,
it's all what the deconstructionists call "coded" sexuality.
Nevertheless, _The Sentinel_ is a fantasy cop show, set in a fantasy
town, Cascade, in which two single men share a tastefully appointed,
french door-enriched loft over a bakery, and yet still, apparently,
despite the other phsyical manifestations of their mutual affection,
don't so much as kiss.
The reason for this is simple: the fanfic.  Oh, yes, we know all about
the fanfic.  We read it, savor it, and enjoy it.  Some of us, through
carefully routed email addresses, write it.  We know that we could not
hope, especially on national television, to come up with anything like
what we read in the archive.  We fear that, should Blair Sandburg and
Jim Ellison even kiss on the show, you might lose your inspiration.
What's more, if we didn't have to cast "beard babes" on a weekly basis,
our dating pool would dry right up.
So keep writing, all.  Leave the explosions and car chases to us, and
you can have the lube, the cuffs (well, we need them, too, but we can
work out a time-share deal), the feathers, the velvet gloves, the
silver-backed hairbrushes, the leathers, the seemingly endless supply
of Cascade gay bars, the trips to Vegas, the secret sexual histories.
Sincerely,
TBTB
Not that you can prove it's us, mind....
Tidbit #3
A few days ago Saraid - after she'd gotten us Sammies mixed up - mused:
'saraid, wondering if two sammies make a samuel'
To which I now - belatedly - reply: You mean like this...?
SAMS GALORE
by Sammy
Jim hears the voices even before he enters the building - three of
them, arguing wildly. He jogs upstairs, and the voices get louder.
Yep, coming from the loft, one of them definitely Sandburg, the
other two... female? *Two* women?! Geez, what did the kid talk
himself into this time...? Shaking his head, he steps inside.
When Blair hears the door being opened, he spins around. "Jim!" he
cries out, his voice sounding partly reliefed, partly surprised and a
little embarrassed. "Man, I'm just *so* glad you're here! You
know..."
He risks a quick glance over his shoulder as the arguing gets louder.
By now the ladies seem to be ready to rip each other's throats out,
and it makes Jim wonder what his roommate has done to make them
this mad. He motions for Sandburg to get closer. "Who are they,
and what are they doing here?!"
"Uhm, they're... eh... fans."
"Fans?!" Jim repeats, raising an eyebrow, but before he can say
anything more, Blair stops him with a raised hand and continues
hurriedly.
"I know this sounds weird, man, but those girls say they know us,
and read about us, and fantasize about us, and they most definitely
want to have sex with us." He stares at Jim with wide and eager
puppy eyes, who stares back at him blankly for a few seconds.
"They read about us?" Jim finally repeats the really puzzling part.
Blair buries his face in his hands with a groan, shaking his head at
such blatant ignorance of the important facts. "Were the heck do
they *read* about us?!"
"Well, this is the part were it gets a little weird..." Blair shrugs,
ignoring the painfilled expression his partner always gets whenever
Sandburg chooses to describe something as 'a little weird'. "I don't
understand everything they talked about, but obviously they're on
this mailing list..."
"A *mailing list*?!!"
"... dedicated to us and our actions. I know, man, this really sounds
way over the top, but when they followed me from the University..."
"Hang on a second, I think I'm going to have a seizure. They did
*what*?"
"Hey, Jim, I think they're mostly harmless, man." Blair explaines
quietly, trying to keep his partner calm. "They just *really* want to
have sex with us!"
This time Jim's mind does the trick and gets the picture, but instead
of bouncing up and down excitedly like Sandburg obviously wants
to, he just frowns at the anthropologist. "Didn't you tell them?" he
finally asks. "About us, I mean?"
Blair gets serious. "Yeah, I did. And as weird as it sounds - they
*still* want to do the wild thing." The frown deepens. "Us being a
couple doesn't bother them. In fact, *that's* what this mailing list is
about! I checked it out, man, and you wouldn't *believe* some of
the stuff..." His thoughts drift off as he remembers one particularly
hot story that still makes his skin crawl with pleasure, even after five
times of reading it.
Jim stares at the clouding eyes of his lover and shakes his head with
a sigh.
At this point the voices of the women get louder, more aggressive,
as they really start shouting at each other. "Dammit, *I'm* longer on
this list!" one of them yells.
"Yeah, but I could do *so* much more with them..." the other one
promptly quips.
Jim sighs again. "Sandburg, we have to stop this before it turns into
something ugly..."
But it's too late for that. Ellison hasn't even finished his sentence
when one of the girls suddenly lunges forward, grabbing the other
by the shirt. The sound of tearing cloth, then a surprised shriek. A
slap in the face, followed by a howl of indignation, then the girls go
down fighting.
Ellison and Sandburg stare at each other, then look back at the
women - or, more precisely, at the couch behind which the girls are
rolling around, trying to scratch each other's eyes out. Shreds of
clothing, hairs and long undisturbed dust bunnies fly high, and the
men move quickly to prevent permanent damage.
But before they reach the girls, something happens - a strange light,
a silent explosion, the combined energy of their fury producing a
blinding flash of light that makes Jim and Blair cringe with its
intensity. "What the...?" Jim murmurs, then steps around the couch -
only to stop dead in mid-movement as he peers over the edge. "Oh
boy."
"What?" Blair asks, but receives no answer - Jim just continues
staring. "What is it?!"
There's movement behind the couch, and Blair turns his head to see
not two women emerge, but... a young man?! Well-muscled, with
shoulder-length, dark hair, more ore less shredded jeans and t-shirt,
and a cute expression of confusion crossing his handsome features.
"I... uh..." he begins, but stops at hearing his own voice. Then he
notices something else and looks down his body. His eyes go wide
and even wider as his hands glide over his smooth chest, utter shock
and confusion written on his face.
Jim and Blair have noticed it, too. Now they both exchange a long,
thoughtful glance to find they're both intrigued - and both thinking
the same thing. They turn back to the irritated guy, and a wide grin
shows on both their faces when Blair says: "Now *that's* what I call
possibilities..."
Sammy
To which, Debra replied: I'm the new kid in the yard, but I wanna
play! >>
Jim heard his lover's key in the lock, felt himself tighten with
anticipation.
"Lover?" Blair's voice called out into the bright stillness of the
loft.
"Upstairs," Jim called down.
"Stay there," Blair ordered with barely muted excitement.
"What is it, honey?"
"I've got someone I want you to meet..."
Jim swallowed.  He was adventurous as the next guy, but he always
figured someone as New Age and touchy-feely as Sandburg would want to
go through endless negotiations and discussions before introducing a
third party to their bed...
Blair's head poked up at the top of the stairs.
"Don't worry, babe," he said breezily.  "You'll love Samuel."
"Samuel?" Jim croaked.
"Sammy for short," Blair said, then giggled.  "Not that he is... see
for yourself."
Jim's eyes bugged like Daffy Duck's when he saw the size of the dildo
Blair was holding aloft with pride and joy.  Jim swallowed, then
reached for his fly with one hand and the bedside lube with the other.
"Helloooooo, Sammy," he cooed.  And then the fun really began....
Debra
When Sammy replied with:  "So, a Sammy's just a 'prosthetic'?!
(snicker)";  Debra took up the keyboard again: >>
"Please," Blair says with quiet dignity.  "Don't be so reductive.  He's
more than a prosthetic.  Not quite a friend or a pet, but if there's
ever a fire, Sammy gets saved *before* the photo album."
"Chief," grunts Jim from the bed, "if there's ever a fire, Sammy gets
saved before *you* do."
Blair's eyes narrow.  "I think someone is forgetting which side his
bread is buttered on," he says thoughtfully, and reaches for the same
bag Sammy just came out of....
Debra
Tidbit #4
yes, somebody dies.

The blue Ford Explorer squealed into the parking lot with
the stench of burning rubber. Flinging open the door Detective
Jime Ellsison threw himself out of the cab and practically flew
acorss what was left of the street, to grab the tall black man
who was only now regaining his feet. Chunks of concrete and
pieces if twisted steel littered the gorund around him.
His ears filed with the sound of sirens, Ellison had to stop
and close his eyes, hands clapped to his head until he got his
senses back under control. Freed from his grasp, Simon gained his
footing and leaned against what was left of his car, gasping for
breath.
"WHERE'S SANDBURG?! Jim screamed at him, unable to hear his
own voice. Simon shook his head and turned away, not wanting to
see his friend's face.
Ambulances, firetrucks, emergency vehicles filled the warped
pavement, people pouring from them and swarming the rubble that
had seconds before been the Cascade Police Department.
"Jim, calm down." Simon squeezed his shoulder tightly,
getting his attention. "I think he made it to the lobby. There
may have been survivors..."
"Oh my god!" the shout from a firefighter drew their
attention briefly. "The lobby fell into the parking garage! It's
underground now! What could have done this?!"
Fighting to breathe, Jim realized that he was shutting down.
His senses were fading, his vision going black...
"I told him to stay and do the paperwork, Simon. I wouldn't
let him come with me...." even his voice was going. He was the
Cheshire Cat, trapped in a nightmare version of Wonderland..."Oh,
*God*, BLAIR!!" he howled, unaware of Simon gesturing frantically
to an EMT, who came over and sank a needle into a bulging
bicep...
The last Simon saw of his friend was his feet as he was
straped to a gurney and loaded into an ambulance, eyes blank and
dead-looking, body still as death.
He shook his head again, and turned back to survey the scene.
*Damn*, He'd warned him. They all had.
"Stay away from Samantha, Sandburg. She's got it in for you."
But the kid just wouldn't listen. The card he had left on
her desk had been the last straw and now dozens of people were
going to pay for his infatuation...it had taken an explosion that
rivaled Oklahoma City, but Samantha had finally gotten Blair
Sandburg out of her life.
(the end. thanks, merry, i feel better now :)
(note: this is in no way meant to belittle the OKC tragedy)
saraid
Tidbit #5
In response to RL, where grad students are now going to have pay taxes on
tuition waivers, the following was written...
OBSENAD:
(slamming door)
"Hey, Chief! Watch it with the slamming.  That hurt."
"Aw, man.  I'm sorry.  I'm just so pissed!"
"What's up?"
"The payroll office at school called today.  Seems that thanks to some stupid
change in the tax code, I now owe a bunch more taxes."
"Did you try to cheat on your taxes Chief?"
"No way man! I guess my tuition waiver is supposed to be taxed or something."
"So what's the bottom line?"
"I get a $200 per month pay CUT, man."
"That's awful, Chief!"
"I don't know how I'm going to be able pay all my bills..."
"C'mere Chief. I won't let anything happen to you. I'll take care of
everything."
(snuggling sounds)
"Promise, Jim?"
"I promise."
(kissing sounds)
Noel Goddard
Tidbit #6
Urp.  Now, I'm as open-minded as a body can be, here in the South. I'd even
like to get a Celtic tattoo one of those days....But body piercing? Even
worse, piercing south of the border? Excuse me while I try to erase the image
of Jim crossing his legs at that..
"You want to do what?!"
"Have a Prince Albert, man. A girl told me all about it, and man, does it
sounds like fun!"
"Ok. I wasn't even around when you decided to do your left nipple, but
piercing your scrotum--I'll tie you to the bed if you try that!"
"Really?  Why don't you do THAT every time I mention having a Prince Albert?"
"Ah...well, guess could live with that.  Come here!"
"OH! If I'd known suggesting I'd get a Prince Albert would cause you to do
that, I'd have suggested it a lot earlier!"
"Shut up, Blair."
"Lower, lower, Jim!
*sound of Blair being gagged*"
"There.  No more mentioning Prince Albert!"
*sounds of lovemaking ensue*
LS
Tidbit #7
(In response to MegaRed's Nickname challenge:)
MegaRed, you are like the crystal of salt dropped into a supersaturated
solution. Only instead of beautiful crystals, we get this:  ("It's not my
fault," Regina wailed.")
Sometimes You Feel Like a Nut...
Jim poured the honey all over the writhing man's cock and Blair wailed as
he leaned over and slurped it up. He then flipped his partner over and,
using the honey on himself, plunged into him in one driving thrust. He
began a relentless rhythm, designed to drive Blair out of his mind. "Oh,
yes, do me. Oh, Jim, please, harder," Blair cried as his lover pounded into
him. "Oh God, I can't take much more; you're driving me insane." Jim only
redoubled his efforts until Blair screamed, "Oh, My honey-roasted hunk of
man-flesh, yesssss!!!." Jim grinned; he had succeeded.
I deeply apologise to Mr. Peanut who I'm sure is a fine fellow.
Cheers-
Regina
Tidbit #8
>MonaR tells me that whining is an acceptable form of communication.
&gt;Now if you want to hear real whining, if we don't hear something from
&gt;"Can't go home again", "Sounds of Silence", or "All you need is a cape,
&gt;Ellison", it will get serious.
So you think we would have to do something like that below to get a next
part of the ongoing stories?
Manuela
[Scenery... in the loft]
"Oh, man!" Blair exclaimed, sitting in front of his laptop.
Jim looked up from the newspaper he was reading. "What is it?"
"Nothing important, Jim" Blair answered, slightly blushing.
Now Jim was curious. Sandburg was blushing because he only *read*
 something?
"Spill it, Sandburg!"
The young man sighed. "You know I lately subscribed to a mailing list
 were they were talking about Sentinels, a list for adults." Jim
 frowned. "Yeah, I know - how do they know about Sentinels? That's what
 I was curious too. It turned out that they were discussion TV episodes
 of a series about a Sentinel and his young Guide. It got totally
 weird, because it somehow seemed they were talking about *us*."
"What?" Jim put his newspaper away and walked over to Blair who
 continued his explanation.
"But it gets weirder. There's another related mailinglists were those
 people posted stories about us."
"About our cases?"
"Not entirely." Jim was now standing behind Blair and looked at the
 screen. "This story 'All you need is a cape, Ellison' is supposed to
 have happened after the Quinn case. You know, after I got shot."
"And what's so weird for you about it?"
"Well, Jim..." the young man hesitated "they know."
"Know what?"
"That we have a sexual relationship."
Jim looked stunned.
"She tells all. When we've been to San Francisco afterwards, you
 going to the mass... everything. But there are more stories. This
 latest I read is a sequel to an earlier story of the same woman. It's
 set in the middle ages at a court called Senad, like the discussion
 list, where I just have been crowned King and you are my Blessed
 Protector. A lot of the folks from this list appear there as members
 of the court."
"Really? Can I read this?" Jim sat down and looked at the mentioned
 story.
Minutes of akward silence passed, then Ellison looked up from the
 screen again. "It's actually quite sweet. I wonder if you'll get
 married there."
Now it was Blair who was stunned. "You're serious? You're not angry?"
"Why should I? Those people describe our relationship really well. All
 those problems we had - they're really good at it. Can I look at some
 of the other stories?"
"Sure! I'll go and make some coffee." Blair got up and went to the
 kitchen.
Standing in the kitchen, Blair watched Jim reading. The young man
 hadn't thought that Jim would accept that so easily. When the coffee
 was ready, Blair poured two cups and went back to the table.
"Now what do you think of the other stories?"
"I'm not disappointed. This one, 'Memories Regained' - we both suffer
 from amnesia after a plane crash in Peru. We didn't have a sexual
 relationship then. We are back at the tribe were I was years ago when
 my senses awakened. The elder has told me that the Sentinel claims his
 Guide as his mate. We made love in the rainforest and you're totally
 confused afterwards because I screamed your name at my climax."
"You always do that."
"I know." Jim smiled. "But there I didn't even know my own name and
 you neither knew yours. It's a total amnesia. We are reduced to being
 Sentinel and Guide. That's all."
"Oh."
"And in this stories series 'Sounds of Silence' you got deaf after an
 accident. We both learned signing and I had lots of useful technical
 stuff installed. And you and Naomi parted on bad terms because she
 made you decide between her and me. And I was on a bad guilt
 trip at first because it seemed as if I cause the accident."
"So you like these stories."
"Yes, they're really good. I hope they post more parts soon."
"Me too."
Tidbit #9
In response to Megared's nickname challenge...>>
that's right. just keep making challenges. i'll never finish or
post anything ever again and the editor will kill me...
Little Green Love
Blair was watching Jim.
Jim was watching Blair watch him, and he knew that Blair
hadn't noticed Jim watching him watch.
The basketball game was almost over. With a forced sigh at
the imminent loss Jim leaned back and stretched, arms going over
the back of the sofa, head back, neck exposed, tendons
temporarily sculpting across his bare chest and shoulders.
He relaxed suddenly and glanced from beneath half-closed
eyelids at his lover, at the table, working industriously on a
lecture.
Yeah. There it was again. The tip of Blair's tongue, running
a little circle around his slightly parted lips as he dropped his
eyes back to the screen in front of him.
Ducking his head to hide an evil grin, Jim stood and
stretched again, making this one an academy-award nomination
performance. He felt his erect cock press against the fly of his
jeans and made sure to lean far enough backwards to get it fully
outlined beneath the worn fabric.
This time he kept his eyes on Blair. He knew him so
well...he wasn't dissapointed when Blair's eyes trained on that
long bulge and that tongue slipped out again, this time
retreating with a roll of pressed lips and then repeating the
motion.
It was fun to walk to the fridge like this. The jeans were
tight enough to feel good rubbing over his arousal, and he
positioned himself carefully as he bent to pretend digging in the
back of the appliance. The indrawn breath behind him was sweet
reward, and he turned slowly, beer in hand, knowing that Blair's
eyes would be on him again.
Those pools of blue swept over him, and that tongue played a
little game with itself, drawing Jim's attention.
Out with the tip...and around, once. Then back in and out a
couple of times, then pressed to the full lower lip, twitching
like Jim's cock was as it, too, noticed the hungry, flickering
movements.
Jim blinked to break the spell and avoid a zone, and raised his
eyes the few inches needed to meet Blair's, knowing that his own
were  as hot and full of promise as the younger man's.
When Jim spoke his voice was thick and husky.
"You ready to come to bed, Lizard?"
saraid
Tidbit #10
UPN Promo Pitch #1
Perhaps the promos should be re-written to reflect the
significant demographic. How's this?
J: "Hey Chief, you know what day it is?"
B: "Er, Wednesday?"
J: "Nope."
B: "My turn to cook the Spagetti?"
J: "Nah-uh."
B: (hopefully) "My night on top?"
J: "You wish. It's 'Hump Day'!"
B: "Oh...*YOU'RE* night on top. So, what else is new?"
VO: EVERYDAY is 'Hump Day', on The Sentinel
Moniker
Tidbit #11
UPN Promo Pitch No. 2
NyQuil Ad rework (in line with popular demographic):
VO: They call him The Sentinel, because he uses his heightened
senses to fight crime. But you can just call him...

THE
NIGHT-TIME
KISSING
SUCKING
FISTING
BUTT FUCKING
DO AS YOU'RE
TOLD...
SO YOU CAN
ROLL OVER
CHIEF
Kinda cop.
Moniker
Tidbit #12
UPN Promo Pitch No. 3
How's this one...
VO: For a detective like James Ellison, police work is HARD WORK.
(We pan up the stairs in the Loft)
VO: It requires long hours. There are no perks. No glamor.
(We pan up from the foot of the bed to reveal a large lump
under the bedclothes. There are sounds of heaving and groaning
-- sighing and moaning.)
VO: We're talking one thrust after another.
(A close-cropped head emerges from the blankets. James Ellison
gazes deeply into the eyes of his flush-faced, tousle-haired
lover.)
(Jim whispers...)
JIM: "We're the network, Baby."
BLAIR: "Oh, Jim. I *LOVE* it when you call me 'Baby'"
Moniker
Use your browser's back feature to return to your story selections or start a new search.



The dust kicks up around the broken blocks of concrete, thick and choking, but Graham inhales anyway, sucking down air. His body is on fire with pain and adrenaline, and he feels like the blood has turned to ice in his veins. His head throbs, his cock throbs.
Ladd Russo throws his head back and laughs, hoisting the shotgun onto his shoulder; his voice is harsh and loud, and the sound warms Graham's blood, thaws the pain at the back of his neck, makes his cock harden even more.
Graham stands, leaning on chunks of metal because he doesn't trust his knees. He tries to dust his jumpsuit off, but ends up wiping blood all over it instead. He doesn't know where his wrench is, and for the first time in a long while, he doesn't care.
"Your name," Graham says, stumbling forward on trembling legs. "I want to know your name."
Ladd Russo turns around, gun wobbling uncertainly on his shoulder, the barrel pressed against his neck. His smile is wide, wild, and his eyes glitter mischievously. Blood is still seeping from the wound on his side, but it's staunched now, and Graham realizes that the damage he inflicted was minimal. A quick glance further down, below the splash of red against white, and Graham smiles: the line of Ladd's immaculately pressed suit is ruined.
"You want to know my name? That means you admire me to a degree, then." Ladd grins, echoing Graham's words. He tosses the shotgun aside; it clatters loudly as it hits the metal and concrete, and the sound rings around the empty warehouse.
Graham nearly trips over a twisted sheet of metal, but Ladd is there to catch him, his large hands wrapping painfully around Graham's biceps, dragging him upward.
"But you hurt me," Ladd says, and there's a heavy silence which Graham aches to fill.
"Graham," he gasps, as Ladd shoves him up against the broken skeleton of an old car. "My name is Grahhhngh—"
Ladd's touch is rough and unforgiving, but his lips are gentle against the curve of Graham's collarbone. His breath, hot and wet, tickles the hairs on Graham's neck. Ladd's fingers are rubbing against Graham's cock, through the thick, rough cloth of his jumpsuit, and when Ladd cups his hand and squeezes, Graham sees stars. He hears a sound, distantly, and realizes he's moaning.
"You hurt me, Graham." Ladd says again, as he methodically shoves his leg between Graham's, forcing his knees further apart. Graham relents easily, gasping when Ladd presses against him. It hurts. He's so hard it hurts.
"If you hurt someone you admire, that means you don't understand the meaning of love." Ladd's voice is starting to lose its calm, movie-star quality. His breathing is more ragged now—just short, hot gasps in Graham's ear, mixed with a low, heady purr that makes Graham's toes curl in his boots.
"Could it be you don't love me, Graham?" Ladd's voice has an edge now, feral and hungry, and he pulls away from Graham suddenly with fire in his eyes. "You want to hurt me? You can't hurt me. No one can hurt me."
Ladd rests his hand on Graham's shoulder, pressing down forcefully, and Graham collapses on his knees without resisting. He wasn't doing so well standing up, anyway.
Graham doesn't make a habit of sucking cock—hell, he doesn't make a habit of socializing, period. But Ladd Russo is something else. Ladd Russo is the exception to the rule. Graham wants him so bad he can taste it.
"I'm going to kill you," Ladd says, watching with amusement as Graham reaches for him. The button on Ladd's trousers is made of brass, thick and bumpy under Graham's shaking fingers, but he finally gets it open and he shoves Ladd's pants down slightly, just enough to get his cock out.
Ladd Russo's cock is warm against Graham's fingers, and already hard, precome wetting the palm of his hand. Graham looks up suddenly to meet Ladd's eyes, as if asking for permission.
"I'm going to kill you, Graham," Ladd says, flashing his teeth in the parody of a smile. "I'm going to kill you when you least, ah—" Graham's fingers are rough, slender, and his knuckles are bruised, so it hurts to press them into the base of Ladd's cock, just above his balls, but Graham does it anyway. "—when you least expect it."
Graham has seen a few pornos, so he knows that he should work up to the climax. He knows he should lick and nibble, draw it out, build the tension. But he's pretty sure by now that he's got Ladd Russo's personality down, and so he knows Ladd Russo is not a patient man. That doesn't bother him, because he's hard, too, and there's no sense putting off what you can't finish now.
Graham takes Ladd's cock in his mouth, guiding it with his hand and moaning when he finally tastes Ladd, feels him pressing down against his tongue, filling his throat. Graham opens his mouth wider, and Ladd presses forward, forcing his cock down Graham's throat with a faint groan which melts into a satisfied purr as Graham gags and moans.
Ladd Russo smells like expensive cologne, the type you wear for special occasions — and this is a special occasion now, isn't it? — and he smells like gunpowder and musk and blood.
"Hhh," Ladd moans and twines his fingers into Graham's soft, blond hair, pulling him forward more, groaning with pleasure when Graham's teeth inadvertently scrape against the base of his cock. Ladd rocks his hips, working his hands against Graham's scalp, kneading gently, until he finally has to lean slightly forward and brace himself against the car to prevent himself from falling. Graham's back presses against the metal shell and he shifts, rearranging his legs so he can palm his own cock.
"I'm—" Graham's other hand wanders and his fingers find the wound on Ladd's side, the blood half-coagulated but still wet, and when he presses his hand against it, Ladd moans and shivers and says, "I'm going to kill you."
And Graham thinks he could die right here, choking on Ladd Russo's cock, with the taste of salt on his tongue and the heat building at the back of his throat. With his own hand rubbing at the crotch of his jumpsuit, desperately, and his voice a thin, needy whine. He could die here, Graham thinks, and he wouldn't even care.
Ladd shudders, and digs his fingers into Graham's scalp so hard that for an instant Graham thinks that Ladd is going to crush his skull — wouldn't that make for a nice ending? Such a sad story — but then the pressure eases as Ladd gasps and leans forward, both hands on the car now. Slipping, losing control.
Graham can feel the pulse of Ladd's cock and he moans when his mouth fills, sticky and salty, the taste trickling down his throat with a burn like gasoline. Ladd might be making sounds, but Graham doesn't know, doesn't care, because he's coming, too, and the blood is rushing in his ears so loud he can't hear a damn thing.
When it's all over Graham is in a daze, still unsure of exactly what's happened. Ladd is already buttoning and zipping and smoothing down his suit. Which is hilarious, Graham thinks, because although Ladd's cleaned up there's still a bloodstain on the side of his suit. And now there's a stain between Graham's legs, and blood on his fingers, dirt in his hair.
Graham's knees are weak and shaky, more now than ever before, but he manages to pull himself up with the help of the car. He looks up, finally, and meets Ladd's gaze, watches the other man's lips twitch and curve into a satisfied grin.
"My name is Ladd Russo."
Graham watches him leave in silence, the words caught in his throat and the taste of musk and salt still fresh on his tongue.



Destroy all which is evil so that all which is good may flourish.
They had discussed their tattoos earlier, when they were both sober.
"It has to have meaning," Connor had said.
"For the past and the future," Murph agreed.
They had both decided on Latin words.  On words that had already provided the foundation of their past and would continue providing a foundation for their future.
Connor chose Veritas, Latin for truth. Murph chose Aequitas, Latin for justice.
Now their tattoos had a personal meaning, for both their past and their futures.

They were both laughing as they entered the tattoo parlor.  A little too much to drink and they were both leaning on each other, whispering in different languages and laughing, too drunk to even notice the smell of each other's breath. The guy at the parlor almost refused to tattoo them at all, but they finally managed to convince him.
They could be very convincing when they wanted to be.

With the needle buzzing over Connor's skin, he hesitantly reached for Murphy's hand.  Green eyes met hazel and Murphy's fingers interlaced with his brother's.  Nothing was said.  They were already accustomed to giving each other comfort without a word being uttered.  Some said it was a sixth sense.
They would just smile and look at each other.  They were twins.

Murphy was staring at his hand, at the tattoo, and the way that it appeared as if the word were tattooed across Connor's stomach.
Another friend lost today, another life ended without reason.  The tears had long dried up and they were both lying on the bed, they could only afford one, watching each other and listening to the rain hitting the windows.  It was dark in the room except from the light from various neon signs filtering in through the window.  Every few minutes a car would drive by and Murph could see the shadows of the raindrops on the window on Connor's skin.
Need born of their shared pain led Connor to place his hand on his brother's hip.  Half his hand rested on the waistband of Murph's pants, but his thumb rested on warm skin.  It reminded him that they were both alive.
The first touch of lips to lips was sweet like the first blush, warm and without the sharp bite of alcohol.  Full of emotions that flowed like warm spiced honey over hypersensitive nerves, the path eased by the motion of warm hands over warmer skin.  It was the last thing between them that they had not told each other the full truth about.  The lie would be ended tonight.
Murphy was the first to reach for his brother, his calloused fingers sliding around the hard length of flesh hidden beneath worn boxers.  "Destroy all which is a lie."
"So that all which is the truth may flourish," Connor finished as his arms closed around his brother.  He pulled them closer together, their bodies aligning and fitting together perfectly.  The clothes that separated skin from skin were lost, pushed hurriedly out of the way.
Murph reached for the bottle of lotion that they kept by the bed for late night jerk sessions and pumped some of the gel onto his hands.  Connor gasped as the cool gel hit hot skin, followed by the warmth of his brother's hand.  "Warm it up a little first, would ya?"
"You'll thank me later," Murph replied with a hint of a smile as he brought their lips together again.  Whatever response Connor would have made was lost as their tongues twisted together, bodies already moving into position.  The first hot slide of Connor's cock into his brother had Murphy arching off the bed, whimpering quietly in the back of his throat.
"You'll thank me later," Connor whispered as he came to a rest within Murph.  His only answer was another whimper that ended in a soft moan.  Then they both began to move.
Slowly at first, then faster as pleasure built up.  Need starting to take over as Connor buried himself within his brother, their moans blending together.  Connor's not sure when he first reached for his brother's cock, only that one moment it's in his hand.  The skin warm and soft beneath his fingertips, the tip already moist as he started stroking.
Then all that mattered was the pleasure they could give one another.  For a brief moment Connor wondered if Murphy would feel all the things he felt right now when Murphy took him, and the thought sent him over.  His balls clenching tightly as his hips sealed themselves to Murphy's ass and he came, spurting warm and deep into his brother.
A smile crossed his lips when he felt warm fluid seeping over his hand and Murph shaking beneath him.  The small, telltale hitch of his breath had Connor thrusting into him one last time.  They remained there, bodies sealed together before finally looking at each other.
"I'm not going to thank you," Connor whispered, his breath warm against Murphy's lips.
"You don't need to," his brother whispered back as their arms wrapped around one another. Their gratitude was already being spoken through their skin in the way they hung onto each other after their orgasms were long over and they both had gone soft.

One year later
Two men stumbled into a tattoo parlor, laughing and drunk.  It was obvious from the way they moved together that they knew each other well.  Perhaps too well to the discerning person.  The tattoo artist didn't particularly care.  Nor did he recognize them from the year before, not until he saw their hands.
The tattoos this time were a bit different.  Each got their brother's name tattooed over his heart -- a brand no less binding, no less demanding than the words written across their hands. A way to complete the bond between them.  Their blood already flowed in each other's veins, but now their past and their future would be met as one.

Tongue is Great
by April Valentine
Author's website: 
  http://aprilvalentine.livejournal.com
by April Valentine
I don't own Jim or Blair, but they kindly talked to me while I was writing this story. It's just for fan consumption and does not intend any copyright violation.
It was after five o'clock when we finally got away from the Cascade Dam and could head home. I was exhausted and Jim looked positively strung out, pale and haggard after the ordeal he'd been through. He'd tried to save Lisa Hughes, managing to grab the girl by her jacket when she'd stepped off the dam, but the doped-up teenager had unzipped her jacket, sliding out of Jim's grasp to fall with millions of gallons of water to her death.
Though the objecctive side of Jim knew that he had done all he could, that in her drugged state Lisa hadn't been rational, he still felt he'd failed her, failed at his job. Jim Ellison, the cop, the former Ranger, had been trained never to accept failure. He'd also been trained to never leave anyone behind, so I'd known from the moment I saw her fall that we'd be staying until her body was recovered.
When they finally brought up the battered, dripping form of the slender girl, his jaw clenched so hard I could almost hear it. I made my way through the gathered EMTs and firemen and cops to where he stood watching the divers pull her out. When I put my hand on his back, I could feel the minute trembling in his body.
"Come on, Jim. It's over now. You can go."
He looked down at me and for a moment I wasn't even sure he recognized me. Then his eyes cleared and I had to gulp at the expression on his face. He looked... I don't know how to explain it... like he was grateful I was there. He knew I was there for him and it helped him to know that.
I knew what my responsibility was.
I took him by the arm, my voice modulated and patient as I urged him to leave the scene. He hesitated, and his whispered words carried to me.
"I'm sorry... I'm sorry...  "
"Jim, nobody blames you. She wanted to go over the side. Nobody could have done anything. It's not your fault."
I tugged on his arm a bit more forcefully and he finally turned to go with me. He was silent as we made our way back to the truck and made no comment as I took the keys from his pants pocket and climbed in on the driver's side.
Jim didn't argue with my decision to drive and didn't complain about my driving either. It seemed like it took a long time to get home.
At a stoplight, I glanced over at him. Jim was slumped against the door, his eyes unfocused, his face still pale. He looked zoned and maybe that was okay for the moment. If he was zoned, he wasn't thinking. He wasn't remembering.
We got to the loft and I parked the truck, then turned to Jim. "You okay, man?" I asked him softly, carefully placing a hand on his shoulder. "Jim? We're home."
He drew in a ragged breath and blinked, turning to face me. "Thanks for driving, Sandburg," he said, his voice barely a whisper.
"No problem," I dismissed. "Let's go inside now."
He opened his door and swung his long legs out of the truck, wordlessly heading into the building. I followed quietly, knowing any conversation on my part would grate on his nerves now. When we entered the loft, he proceeded to check the mail, sorting it into a pile of his own and a pile for mine, then hung up his gun and his jacket and headed into the bathroom. A moment later, I heard the sound of the shower going on.
Sighing, I went to the fridge to see what I could throw together for dinner. Jim would say he wasn't hungry but I hoped I could find something that he'd eat anyway.
I ended up heating up some lasagna that was in the fridge. "Sorry it's just leftovers," I told him when he sat down at the table, remembering I'd intended to go to the store this afternoon.
"This is fine," he mumbled, picking up his fork. I watched his listless movements as I ate my own dinner, trying to figure out where he was. He seemed to be all right, but he was good at keeping things bottled up. He probably figured it wouldn't be manly or something to be all upset and talk about what happened. Okay, I could respect his attitude. I decided to keep an eye on him though, just in case his emotions caused something to go wrong with his senses.
I was thinking about the papers I had to grade for tomorrow when the sound of a fork slamming down on the table startled me. "Jim?" I asked.
His face was white and he had that unfocused stare again. After a few seconds, he shook his head and rubbed a hand over his eyes.
"Shit!"
"What is it, Jim?" I asked, trying to keep my voice calm and reassuring.
"I keep seeing her go over the side. It's playing over and over like a news broadcast. If I can't keep from seeing it now, when I'm wide awake, I know I'll never get any sleep tonight." He sounded more annoyed than upset.
"It must have been awful watching her fall," I offered, thinking about Jim's sense of sight, how he probably had been able to follow her all the way down and maybe even once she was in the water. If a normal person watched something over and over, persistence of vision would fill in the blanks when the sight was gone from view. I imagined Jim had even stronger persistence of vision. "You're really seeing it over and over?"
He had his eyes clenched shut now and nodded, rubbing his eyes with the heels of his hands. "I know it's not real," he said, sounding frustrated, "but it's like it's right there in front of me." He scrubbed at his eyes harder.
"Hey," I said, getting up from the table to go to him. I took him by his wrists and tugged his hands away from his face. "You're going to hurt yourself if you keep that up." His eyes were already getting bloodshot. "Come on; come sit on the couch, Jim."
He let me lead him to the living room and I sat facing him, clasping his wrists in my hands. "Look at me, Jim," I told him softly.
He peered at me through his reddened eyes, his brow furrowed with the apparent effort to focus.
"Are you seeing me okay?"
He cleared his throat. "Yes... yeah, I guess so. I see you, but the picture of her falling is there too. Damn, this is stupid -- "
He tried to pull away but I held his arms tighter. "No, it's not. A regular person would have the same thing happen after witnessing something like this, but it's worse for you because you're a Sentinel."
He frowned and looked in the opposite direction, toward the windows, his disagreement palpable.
I sighed. He was going to be difficult, I could tell. "What do you see there, Jim? Do you see the water? Boats? Or do you see her falling?"
He wrenched his right hand free and impatiently brushed at his eyes as though he really thought he could get rid of the sight that way.
I released his other arm and grabbed his shoulders, turning him back toward me. "Jim, we can manage this. Just relax a minute and let me help you, okay?"
He sighed but didn't protest. His red eyes were focused on my face.
"Okay." I took a deep breath and knew it was time to pull another magic trick out of my hat... as if I had an unlimited number of them in there. Maybe it seemed I did to Jim, considering the trusting way he was looking at me then. Sometimes I truly didn't know where my ideas to help him came from so they might as well have been magic. They sometimes grew out of my Sentinel research but other times, they just popped into my mind like intuition, like somebody put them there and when the need arose I was able to find them. Whatever, that wasn't important now. Helping Jim was. "You just need to focus your senses somewhere else."
"Like where, Sandburg?" he asked impatiently, the way he always did when we'd first settle down to try something. I answered with the first thing that came to mind.
"On me, Jim. Look at me, focus on my face, hear my breathing, my heartbeat... " Watching closely I saw him try to comply.
After a few seconds, he shook his head again. "I can see her," he protested. "I can hear the water falling."
"Okay, let's go for scent," I offered, hoping my morning shower and deodorant hadn't worn off yet. Or maybe, if they had, it would be better, more for him to smell, though embarrassing for me.
Jim closed his eyes and breathed in deeply. Some of the lines between his brows eased a little.
"That's it, Jim. Breathe me in. You can smell me, not the water. You can hear me breathing and my heart beating. Focus just on me."
He nodded, still keeping his eyes closed and inhaling slowly. "You smell good."
"Glad to hear it," I said it jokingly.
"No, you do," he repeated, leaning closer. His face was angled so he could get his nose close to my throat. I leaned my head back to give him better access and felt his breath on my neck, felt his nose in my hair. He wasn't cautious about it. He was solid, warm, scent-hungry, nuzzling at my neck. Goose bumps sprang out on my arms and sides and I gave a little involuntary shiver.
Jim's arms went around me and pulled me to him, inhaling deeply. "I've got you," he murmured. I could feel his chest against my own as he burrowed more deeply into my hair, pulling in deep breaths.
"You've got me," I acknowledged, rubbing at his shoulders while he scented me. God, he was good to be close to. Though Jim was a toucher, he didn't often get this familiar, observing the unwritten rules about how men could interact with each other. Still, there had been times when his senses acted up and he let the boundaries between us fall. My heart started pounding when I realized this could be one of those times.
"How're you doing?" I asked him softly, hoping the whisper would conceal the tremor in my voice. "Still seeing things?"
"Just you," he breathed back. "Right here with me." The hand he had around my back splayed wider and he pressed me closer to him. "Feel you." Without breaking contact, he slid his hand around to rest it over my heart. "Hear you."  His hand came up to tangle in strands of my hair again and he buried his nose in them. "Smell you."  A long inhalation later, he said one more thing.
"Want to taste you."
Oh, God.
My heart started racing and of course he could hear it. Yep, this was gonna be one of those times. I don't know how it got started, but we did physically comfort each other, every now and then. If things got physical between us, where was the harm, if in the long run it helped Jim with his senses, I'd tell myself when we first started doing it. Or if it helped me get to sleep without nightmares? We kept it simple, just hand jobs usually. Just under duress -- sure, we were both straight, weren't we?
Jim's fingers delved into my hair and his nuzzling continued, his nose and mouth close to my ear, sending quivers through me. I was torn between controlling my reactions, trying to remain the detached guide, and letting him know it was turning me on to have him smell me this way. Then I thought, if I was his guide, how could I stay detached?
"Please, Chief?" he whispered, his breath warm and moist against my lobe. I shuddered, not knowing how far he wanted to go, but past caring. My body knew what it craved and Jim's open nuzzling had made it want him, need him. I'd probably let him do anything to me, I was that hard, that hot.
I tried to stay rational. Who knew how Jim would react if he regretted this later? How could I think about getting myself off when it was my sentinel that needed help?
But after all, he'd asked. The thought of his tongue on my body -- anywhere on my body, was too much to resist.
It wasn't really going to be like using him, was it? And it wasn't like he wouldn't benefit.
"Blair... " he pleaded, lips nearly catching my earlobe in his need. But he wouldn't do it if I didn't say he could.
"Yes, Jim. You can taste me."  I sounded like I was begging for it.
Jim moaned in relief and his tongue flicked out, tasting my earlobe at last. He closed his lips, sucking delicately and I almost passed out; the pleasure was that intense. He wrapped his arms around me as though to keep me upright.
"Okay?" he checked, mouth still occupied with my ear.
I tried to answer, only managing a strangled moan of assent, but apparently that was enough for Jim. Bolder now, he licked at my ear, making it wet, breathing over it to deliberately make me shiver. Then he trailed his tongue down the side of my neck, nipping and sucking his way to my collar. His hands pulled at my shirt and bared more of my flesh to him and all I could do was sort of hang there helplessly in his grasp, letting the pleasure roll over me.
He took his fill of my neck and I gradually became coherent enough to reach up to unbutton my shirt for him, not wanting him to rip it in his eagerness. His mouth followed as more skin was revealed and his hands stripped the shirt off my shoulders with experienced moves. I grasped the hem of my undershirt and he helped me pull it off over my head.
He eased back enough to look me over and the expression in his eyes was indefinable... tender, hungry, fascinated. He couldn't be that admiring of me, could he?
He didn't tell me. Instead he took me by the shoulders and eased me back on the couch, leaning over me and locking eyes with me for a long moment. I let all my reassurance and willingness show in my gaze.
He leaned down, careful with his heavier weight, licking his lips just seconds before he tasted my adam's apple. His mouth was open and wet and it moved freely, sliding downward, tongue tasting every inch of me as it went. Jim was maddeningly slow and I wanted to grab his head and push him where I wanted him, but I didn't, nearly sobbing as he took his time. My nipples were in hard points already, my back arching with the need to have him suck them.
His tongue plowed through the hair on my chest and I remembered women who'd complained it got into their mouths. Jim didn't seem to care, as he thoroughly wet what seemed like every single hair. He finally found my left nip, favoring it with one long, delicious lick first, then settled his mouth over it to suck. He lavished the nub with attention and I thought I was dying. Women too often gave my nipples only cursory attention, moving right down for the main event. Not that I minded, figuring men's nipples were just for show anyhow and not necessarily a big erogenous zone. Jim showed me differently.
He did everything to them you can with a tongue and teeth and lips, first one and then the other, the one with the ring, where he tugged on it with his teeth and nearly had me yelling out loud. As it was, I spent most of the time groaning deep in my throat, needing to vocalize my appreciation for his ministrations. The only problem was the nipple not being sucked on got lonely. Then I remembered Jim had asked only to taste.
I reached down and fumbled to find his hand, carefully positioned on the waistband of my jeans, tugging it up toward my chest. "You don't have to just taste," I panted, "you can touch me too."
Jim moaned in answer and his fingers unerringly pinched at my nipple, teasing and rubbing as his mouth continued to devour the other one. I was in heaven. My hips were rocking up and down and nothing existed in the whole world but my body and Jim's tongue and fingers.
"You taste so good," he murmured, his voice ragged with emotion. "I want to remember this, save it... "
"It's okay," I soothed him. "Don't worry about losing it. I'm here." It wasn't like we were making promises or even needing them. I just wanted to comfort him, to let him know I was fine with what he was doing, that it was going to be okay between us even after.
He slipped off the couch to kneel at my side, leaning over me as he licked his way down my chest and stomach, both hands now playing with my nipples so they wouldn't feel abandoned, one bent arm pressed against my groin. I arched into the pressure, rubbing myself against his forearm and he obliged me by pressing down harder. He glanced up at me, eyes hot and uninhibited.
I could barely gasp out my answer, my wish. "Go ahead," I told him, already fumbling with my belt. "Taste me everywhere. Here too."
Together we got my jeans undone and pushed down. My cock bobbed free, standing up straight and I would have been embarrassed except that Jim smiled unabashedly and handled it right away, wrapping his fingers around it to heft it and learn its size. I found his hand was just right for holding me, his strong fingers perfect for stroking me. My legs shifted, parting as far as they could with my jeans bunched at my knees. Given the access, Jim let his fingers explore, skimming over my balls and up behind them, then back around and up to pull at my dick. Stuff leaked out to trickle over his fingers and, eyes sparkling with curiosity, he bent over to taste.
It was just the tip of his tongue, just carefully probing the slit and gathering a little of the fluid, but I thought I was dying. He closed his eyes as if savoring, then went back for more, this time licking thirstily.
"Gonna get drunk," I heard him mumble and the image made me smile. I brought a hand up to stroke through his hair and encourage his exploration, glad his hair was shorter than mine so it didn't block my view. I could see everything as Jim opened his lips and slid the head of my cock into his mouth, his tongue bathing in swirls that made my world start spinning beneath me.
He licked my penis liberally, his focus so intense a bomb wouldn't have disturbed him, then when it was thoroughly wet, he took it in his mouth once more and went down on it, sucking to take as much of it as he could. My hips started moving, thrusting my cock farther down his throat and Jim didn't complain, his moans of enjoyment nearly as loud as my own. He used his fingers to stroke my balls and play with them, sending sparks of electricity down both my legs. When his fingers explored further, one circling then delving inside me, sweat broke out all over my body.
It felt delicious and dirty and so intimate. I closed my eyes and let myself soar, thoughts evaporating as touch became all encompassing, until I thought what it must be like for Jim to zone, to focus entirely on just one of his senses.
He stopped sucking me but his finger stayed where it was. His tongue started washing my balls, leaving no intimate spot untasted, unscented, unseen. Everything he did to me, he kept his finger inside, moving just softly, circling a little, pushing in and out slowly. I was amazed by his boldness, but I didn't bother worrying about it as the enjoyment overwhelmed anything rational left in my mind.
No, there was one last coherent thought in my brain. All of this was doing great things for me, but Jim wasn't getting anything out of it. I wasn't reciprocating. Taking it all in like a hedonist was fine, but certainly not fair.
I tried to sit up and got myself balanced on my elbows, pushing at him to allow my escape. He looked up at me, eyes pleasure-fogged and confused, his mouth all red and wet.
"Get up here," I told him, shifting my legs so he'd have room. He didn't look like he had a clue what I was talking about. I kicked off my shoes and jeans, and pulled at him, manhandling him into position for me so he was resting on his back and I could get on top of him.
"Don't you want to be tasted?" I asked, already slipping open his shirt buttons.
He made a noise like a gasp of surprise but I wasn't stopping. I got his shirt open and his tee shoved up so I could see those fantastic pecs of his. "You used your tongue on me; don't you want to let me use mine on you, see what you taste like?" Without waiting for his answer, I bent over his chest and started licking, hearing a strangled groan above me that didn't sound like a 'no.'
I wasn't as methodical as Jim had been; there was no time for his subtlety. I nipped at his tits and sucked each one briefly, fearing any minute he'd shove me away. This might have all been fine with him in control, I belatedly realized. My making a move might unnerve him. But I could feel a long, rigid shape pressing into my thigh that told me how aroused he really was. I continued, licking wantonly down his sculpted abdomen, thrusting my hips to slide my own erection over his cloth-covered one.
His hands found my shoulders, fingers digging in with desperate intensity.  I looked up to meet his eyes. There was no denial in them, only longing. "Let me," I breathed, turning my attention to his belt.
He let me undo it, keeping his hands on my shoulders until I had his penis out where I could see it. I'd handled it before, but never sucked it. Before I could lose my nerve, I bent over him, opening my mouth to lick and taste. Jim's flavor shot through me, the taste turning into electricity that sizzled along my nerves. If his taste did this to me, I thought, what had mine done to him?
Whatever it did, he still wanted it. He used his strength to reposition us so that I was on top and could suck him while he did me. My cock slid back in his mouth as his finger slid back into my ass. I could feel his tongue swirling over and around my dick as he sucked me and nearly passed out from the rush it gave me. I knew I was close and Jim's balls were drawn tight, alerting me to his approaching orgasm. I reached to lick them thoroughly and he nearly bucked me off when I did it.
"Geezus, Chief, your tongue is so fucking good," he moaned, barely getting the words out before he went back to feasting on my cock.
"Yours too, man," I returned the compliment. It was the last statement I was capable of.
The only remaining sounds in the room were the creaking of the couch, the wet smacks of our mouths, the rough groans of appreciation I couldn't hold back. Jim was silent again except for his ragged breathing.
I love oral sex and he was hitting all my buttons, doing me so good I could barely keep up with him. Part of me loves going at it 69, but another part hates the way it divides my attention. I wanted us to come together and for that I needed to keep tabs on his reactions. That's usually hard for me to do, but as Jim and I both climbed higher, I realized with him it was easy, like instinct, like we'd done it this way a thousand times before. Whether it was because we're both men or because of some sentinel and guide mental telepathy, I didn't know or care.
Jim was finger-fucking me and sucking like a man dying of thirst. Half delirious, I put my all into sucking him too, massaging his balls in our accelerating rhythm.
Like a huge tornado, the orgasm ripped through us, flashing back and forth between us like lightening. Jim shook hard and I hung on tight, swallowing his come as fast as it pumped into my throat. He hung on as spasm after spasm of mine filled his mouth too. A distant whisper warned me we'd just had "unsafe" sex,  but  it died away like dry leaves blown by a storm. I'd worry about that later, in about a century or two, when I could lift my head up again.
I drifted in a long silence that held us like a comfortable hammock, my nose pressed into Jim's crotch, his hands gently clasping my butt. What would happen next, I didn't know and I was half hiding from the consequences of the thoughtless escalation of our physical relationship. This was way more than a quickie hand job to take the pressure off.
I felt Jim stir beneath me and his warm hands caressed my ass before he shifted position, alerting me that it was time to move. I tried to be careful but where we'd been as agile as gymnasts earlier, awkwardness was rearing its ugly head and I think I kneed him in the stomach as I crawled off him to find my pants on the floor. Better than kicking him in the head, I figured.
I stayed bent over, occupying myself with my tangle of pants and boxers and socks despite the silence from Jim's side of the couch. It seemed like a long time passed.
Then I felt his hands at my bare shoulders, tugging me around to face him. My hair was a disaster, all in my face, and his fingers felt like heaven as they pushed the tangled mess out of my eyes.
His weren't bloodshot anymore. And to my relief they weren't dark with apprehension or reproach. His mouth was slightly open -- lips swollen as a matter of fact -- but he wasn't saying anything.
It was my job to go first then. I decided to continue the notion we'd started with, that I'd been helping with his senses. Yeah, I'd sure given him something else to focus on, but I couldn't say it had anything to do with control.
"Still seeing things?" I asked him, not unaware of the sheer idiocy of the question at this point. "Or are you better now?"
"I'm better," he said, the barest amount of pink heating his cheeks. He glanced away for a second, then met my eyes again. "I'm fine."  He swallowed, then spoke again. "You?"
Knowing how he was hanging on my answer, I smiled, letting all the pleasure he'd given me show in my face. "Don't worry," I told him. "I'm here. I'm good."
He smiled, his whole face lighting up. "You are amazing, Sandburg," he said, picking up a strand of my hair and tucking it behind my ear.
I shrugged. "Anything for a friend, man." I was treading on ice, trying to take my cue from him and I was certain he didn't want to hear any Sentinel theories at the moment, any more than he wanted a declaration of passion.
I realized I was right as he ducked his head. "I'm going to remember this, Blair," he said softly. "Thank you."
"S'okay, Jim," I answered earnestly. Saying he'd 'remember' this told me he didn't plan on repeating it any time soon or going any deeper into what it meant. What he'd probably do tomorrow was pretend it never happened, like usual. I didn't think I'd be any good at discussion right now anyway, so I decided to let it go. Maybe it would happen again, maybe the next time he was under duress. Or I was.
We gathered our discarded clothes and Jim headed for the bathroom while I cleared the table and loaded the dishwasher. He came out and put a hand on my shoulder just as I was closing the dishwasher door.
I looked up to find a fond smile on his face. He looked relaxed and calm. He'd probably sleep fine without being bothered by visions of a teenage girl going over the dam. That was enough to satisfy me for the night.
"Goodnight, Chief," he said softly, lifting his hand to let his fingers trail through my hair once more. It wasn't quite like a shove to the shoulder, but it wasn't exactly a good night kiss, either.
"Night, Jim," I answered, not sure if I'd never know what a kiss from him would feel like or if it was only a matter of time 'til I did. That was cool, though. I felt so good at the moment, nothing was going to bother me.
We went to our separate bedrooms and I shoved my ungraded papers into my bag, figuring I could get them done tomorrow. I was too wiped to concentrate. I settled into my bed and let the smooth covers caress my still singing body. I didn't even remember drifting into sleep.
The next morning Jim was up early, and the smell of bacon and pancakes woke me up. He was all smiles when I emerged from the shower. Breakfast felt cozy and comfortable. Jim informed me he'd set up a meet with the snitch he called Sneaks.
"Sleep well?" he asked, refilling my coffee cup.
"Oh yeah. Just great." I looked up at him, catching his arm as he turned away. "You don't want to, like, talk about what happened, do you?"
He covered my lips with his fingers. "Uh... no," he answered, but he was still smiling. "I'd probably say something stupid about how great your tongue is."
I gave a hoot of laughter. That Jim was actually cool about this was a hopeful sign.
"Yours is fantastic," I added. He made a fist and mock-punched my chin.
Our high spirits lasted until we got to the diner where Sneaks was to meet us. Jim ordered donuts, even though we'd just had breakfast and I decided not to nag him about it.
I was in the middle of asking Jim why he called the guy 'Sneaks' when he arrived, acting as jovial as Jim and I felt.
For some reason, the guy looked under the table to check out our shoes, his eyes going wide at the sight of my new Nike Severes. Jim's hiking boots hadn't seemed to impress him. He asked me my shoe size, in between Jim's questions about golden.
I was trying to keep up, laughing along with Jim though I wasn't sure about what, when Sneaks asked another question.
"How's that defense mesh tongue?"
Huh? The only tongue I had been thinking about lately was Jim's.
"Tongue is great," I answered, meeting Jim's eyes so he'd know what I was thinking.
Jim was right with me, his eyes agreeing with me about the greatness of "tongue" and even slapping my hand conspiratorially.
I was so distracted, I could barely follow the rest of what Sneaks said, so when he asked Jim about a 'bonus,' it caught me totally off guard.
We left the restaurant, Sneaks with his old shoes slung over his shoulder and my Nike's on his feet, me in my socks and Jim smug as an evil older brother.
"Sneaks! Short for 'sneakers!' Why didn't you tell me?" I complained, swatting Jim on his shoulder.
He muttered something about being reimbursed from the snitch fund and I groused about the cost of my favorite argyles.
I waited until we were in the truck to tell him he was going to owe me more than just a new pair of shoes.
"Remember, Jim, tongue is great."
End Tongue is Great by April Valentine: aprilvalen@aol.com
Author and story notes above.
Disclaimer: The Sentinel is owned etc. by Pet Fly, Inc. These pages and the 
stories on them are not meant to infringe on, nor are they endorsed by, Pet Fly, Inc. and Paramount.
The pressure at work was too much. It was too great. There was nothing Ryan could do to prevent the feelings of helplessness and lack of control anymore. On some level, he didn’t want to do what he knew he had to. He cared about the people at work. But it had been years, and the insatiable itch had come back stronger than ever.
He planned for months what he was going to do. Now that he was certain of it, he was patient. It would not do to spoil the moment or get caught in the act. He waited until it was just the Achievement Hunters in the office late one night. They were filming a huge patch of content before they took off for summer—everyone was—and it just so happened that those five men were the last ones in the office.
Ryan knew their schedules like clockwork. While they were all filming, he listened carefully for complaints about needing the bathroom. Everyone seemed to decide that going all at once would be best. Ryan opted out of that.
Once they started filling back in, he would make his move. He flipped off all the lights and pretended to get something from the kitchen. Once everyone was out of sight, he waited, crouched in the dark with one of the golf clubs.
Geoff, predictably, was the first one to come back. He, of all of the men, wanted to be done the most. Ryan whacked him in the back of the knees, grateful suddenly for the longer walk to the bathroom. It would give him enough time to cover Geoff’s mouth with duct tape and push him out of the way.
He repeated the process of Gavin and Michael without much incident. However, Jack had been so close behind Michael that he’d heard the tail end of the scream.
Ryan had just been moving Michael’s body when Jack came in. Jack flipped on the lights—sometimes he was too smart for his own good—and began to scream at the sight before him. The three other men had very broken legs, and it looked like they were in the middle of being hogtied.
Ryan didn’t have a choice. Jack was going to have to be first. He stood with the club and sped at Jack. Jack didn’t have a chance of moving out of the way before the club connected, first with his leg, then with his back, and finally with his head. Ryan’s face lit up with malice glee as the blood spilled forth from Jack’s head. If Ryan was lucky, Jack would twitch and die a slow, agonizing death; those were his favorites to watch.
Satisfied that Jack wasn’t going anywhere, he turned his attention to Gavin. The Brit looked so helpless as he lay there that Ryan almost felt bad. He almost wanted to let him go. However, he knew that letting Gavin go would mean an end to his freedom, and Ryan desperately needed the freedom. Why else would he be doing this, if not for the feeling of total freedom it gave him?
Gavin whimpered as Ryan drew closer. He yanked the duct tape from Gavin’s mouth, smirking at the scream. He’d imagined making Gavin scream in a number of ways, but this was, by far, the most entertaining yet. “Why are you doing this?” The despair in his voice soothed something inside of Ryan in a way that nothing else could.
Ryan moved to dig around in his bag, pulling out a large hunting knife. The edge was incredibly sharp as Ryan tested it on his own finger. He moved toward Gavin, cutting his shirt open and delighting in the terrified whimper.
“I’m doing it because I need a little stress relief, Gavin. There’s this urge that’s been building inside me for ages, and I think I’m ready to act on it now.” Ryan poked at Gavin with the knife, creating pinpricks of searing agony across the young man’s chest. Geoff and Michael were struggling, but Ryan really didn’t pay them any mind. They couldn’t get far with the pain they were in, and he would deal with them soon enough.
He got bored just poking holes fairly quickly, and instead moved on to making thin scarlet cuts across Gavin’s midsection. At first, they were shallow. Then, as the blood lust kicked in and drove Ryan on, he dug in deeper and deeper. He was aware of the foul stench signaling he’d severed Gavin’s intestines, but it only added to his frenzy. It took a while to register that Gavin had died minutes before, even though Ryan was still hacking away.
The gleam in his eye landed on Michael, and the younger man squirmed. It seemed like he was trying to put on a mask of anger to hide the fear, but Ryan knew better. He knew that Michael was afraid—they always were—and that it was a façade. Still, Michael’s dedication to bravery and image was impressive.
Ryan ripped the tape off as brutally as he could, enjoying the scream and Michael’s defiant curses. He would have to do his best to take mental snapshots when he was done, so he could replay the sounds like a lullaby on the nights he couldn’t sleep.
He’d tossed aside the knife in favor of a cat-of-nine-tails in his bag. This was one of his more favorite things to use on people; it wouldn’t kill without a considerable amount of flogging, and the sounds were incredibly satisfying to him. He raised the instrument above his head and brought it down more times than he could count. Each time, he tried to hit a new place. Michael thrashed and screamed with each contact, and at more than one point, screamed in disgust as Ryan lapped some of the blood from his skin.
Ryan decided he’d dragged this out for far too long, deeming it merciful enough to simply slit Michael’s throat. All that was left was Geoff.
Ryan turned to start advancing on Geoff, but couldn’t see the other man anywhere. How had he gotten away, when his leg was bending at an angle like that? “Geoffrey, please. We both know that you’re mangled and bloody. Where the fuck do you really think you’re going?” Ryan picked up the golf club again, stalking out of the room. He’d get him, and then everything would be okay again. He could be free of the urges, free of the pain, free of the suffering that plagued him for the past several months.
“Fucking freeze right the fuck now.” Geoff was against a wall, holding a gun out at arm’s length. They kept one in a safe just in case shit ever got real at the office, but Geoff had never intended to need it this way.
Ryan laughed, raising the club above his head and taking a step forward. “You won’t do it, Geoff. You like me too much. Besides, it won’t bring them back. Better to end your suffering, isn’t it?” He paused for a moment in thought before taking another step forward. “Or maybe I could go to your house and see your—“
Two shots rang out as Geoff fired the gun. Two shots to the heart. Just to be sure, he adjusted his aim and shot Ryan in the head once he was down. He’d already contacted 911 while Ryan was beating the shit out of Michael. They would be here soon, and then everything could get as close to normal as it ever would be again. Geoff could hear Jack groaning in the office, and a small shred of hope made its way into his brain. Even if he could never have the other members back, he would have Jack. It wouldn’t make everything okay, but he hadn’t lost everything in this massacre, either.
Government meetings were boring and frustrating, Jusis had learned in his short time as the duke. Getting the representatives of the Four Great Houses to agree on anything - outside not agreeing with anything the government brought up - was a chore, and such political conferences usually ended up being pointless and not worth the time.
Today's meeting was different at least, if only for the fact that something had been agreed on beforehand - and for the fact that for going through the details of the potential plan, there was going to be a representative from the Government Accountability Inspectorate to see that the government's way of dealing with things was acceptable. It just happened that the investigator in question was Jusis' boyfriend.
Thanks to their respective duties, they only saw each other on the weekends and on some days during the week if lucky - or if Jusis found some reason to go to Heimdallr, which he did manage suspiciously a lot. Machias unfortunately had less reasons to go to Bareahard, and his work tended to keep him busy much to Jusis' chagrin.
They were both here today on duty, of course, so any... personal business would have to wait until tonight. If he could wait that long, Jusis thought to himself as the nobles gathered outside the conference hall. With any luck, there'd be a chance to get busy in some corner somewhere during recess.
"Nervous, Albarea?" Patrick from his side asked. "Perhaps it's quite the responsibility to become the duke at your age and be the one in charge of these things while I'm merely here to support my father."
Jusis gave him a look. "Hardly," he replied as coolly as ever. Certainly, there was some truth in Patrick's words, and it wasn't as if Jusis had ever thought he would be the one ending up as the next Duke Albarea, but he did have enough training and skilled staff to support him plus he was a quick learner. "I expect this conference to go favorably."
There was an odd smirk on Patrick's face. "So you say. Though suppose you'll be fine, what with your... Boyfriend present? Do try to calm yourself," he added, giving Jusis a look.
"What could you even be referring to?" Jusis dismissed him, though he could kind of guess. Patrick was one of the rare people he could consider a friend at least on some level, and someone who knew about Jusis' lover. Also someone who had at least once ended up catching them on... a delicate timing.
Before they could continue their conversation, a staff member showed up to inform the group that everything was ready and to show them in, and Jusis put on his most official face as he entered the conference room.
...Only to catch the sight of Machias on the side of the room, dressed as sharply as ever and looking oh so proper and so Goddess darn handsome that Jusis actually had to take heed of Patrick's advice and force himself to stay calm. This was official business, and his first action had to be to greet the government officials present, not run over to kiss Machias and embarrass himself in front of the whole conference.
The temptation certainly existed, but he had a duty here, even though said duty was about to make this whole conference extreme suffering. Was he really supposed to sit here for hours only to watch Machias be so close yet so far? The thought was frustrating, yet this was exactly what was about to happen. He could deal, Jusis told himself. For the sake of the people of Kreuzen, and the moment there was any type of break in this cursed conference, Machias would get to make up for the suffering.
Everyone was finally seated, and some old boring government official went for the opening speech. Jusis wasn't exactly listening; it was mostly pointless compliments to everyone present for making it here and whatever the hell. He needed to keep himself from looking directly, but he stole a few glances in the direction of the table where Machias sat - and was rewarded by a slight near invisible nod and a hint of a smile that made his face turn a little warm, and he looked away and forced himself to calm again.
This conference was too long although it had barely started, Jusis decided. Aidios be merciful, he certainly hoped whatever had been agreed beforehand would stand, the meeting would advance smoothly, and damn it all he couldn't wait for there to be a break.
With the starting speeches out of the way, he actually had to pay some attention to the subjects discussed, not to mention take part in the conversation. At least until Marquis Rogner disagreed about something with the government representatives and started an argument, and Jusis rolled his eyes and folded his arms. He wanted no part in this, and he took the opportunity to watch the Government Accountability Inspectorate investigator on the side.
Machias didn't seem very impressed with the argument though he slowly seemed to be scribbling down some notes - only to stop and look at Jusis, smiling a little again. There was also something very annoying about that way he ran his fingers over his pen, and Jusis shot a bit of a glare at him.
"For Aidios' sake. Can you two not flirt in the middle of a meeting?" Patrick leaned closer to whisper, and Jusis turned to look at him and smirked.
"It's nothing like that," he denied. Like hell, he added in his mind as he watched Machias slide his index finger over his pen. Damn that man; all right, it had been enough days since they had seen each other. Just maybe Machias missed him too? A stupid thing to wonder about, considering how they were every time they saw each other. Besides if those slightly parted lips and the look in those intense green eyes told Jusis anything, he absolutely missed him, and this damned meeting needed to be over already so he could cover those lips with his own. "Pardon, Lord Rogner," Jusis stated aloud, with the most imperturbable voice. "But it appears we'll be stuck on this matter for the rest of the day unless we find a way to settle it."
The rest of the noble representatives agreed, at least, and the subject that had caused the argument was put on hold for now. The smile on Machias' face, and that slight nod he gave Jusis also made him feel as if he had accomplished something, and damned if this man - his man - wasn't going to pay for continuing to play with that pen of his, especially now that he, after jotting down another note, raised it to his lips, pretending to be thoughtful.
Jusis narrowed his eyes, watching the pen, only to snap out of it as Patrick gently poked his side. "Nothing like that huh," Patrick sneered. "I can only take solace in the fact that nobody else seems to have noticed."
"Please. You have a dirtier mind than I thought," Jusis whispered back. The meeting moved on to another subject he absolutely had to pay attention to; a blessing in disguise, maybe, because it kept him from looking in Machias' direction and it kept Machias busy, since he had to actually make notes.
The moment there was another issue where the older nobles got stuck arguing, Jusis shot a long look in his boyfriend's direction then raised his hands to fix his cravat - only to draw a fingertip over his neck as he did, and damn if those green eyes weren't suddenly following his every move. A bit of a payback maybe, Jusis thought with a smirk.
He sadly had to return his attention to the meeting and couldn't attempt any further distractions for now - which of course gave Machias enough time to plan for his payback. When the next long-winded speech that made Jusis roll his eyes and look away from the speaker happened, and he looked in his boyfriend's direction... Machias was writing something in his notes, he figured.
Except for the part where he stopped writing, gave him a sharp look as he adjusted his glasses then wrapped his fingers around the pen, sliding his thumb over the end, and Jusis gritted his teeth and looked away. At least this idiot knew what he wanted, and the conference needed to be over already. Not that they were done with even half of the issues on the list, and Jusis closed his eyes for a moment, praying for a break soon.
The next half an hour required him to introduce some issue himself which kept him busy for a little while at least. The subject that was brought up afterward caused another argument, and Jusis went back to watching a certain investigator and wishing those fingers had been somewhere else instead of the pen.
Imagining Machias' hand on his body was a bad idea, he knew, but he was getting impatient - and thank Goddess Aidios for the fact that the government host speaker decided to suggest an early lunch break so the few things on the list could be checked into, and the conference would continue a few hours from now. He agreed to the suggestion then remained seated, pretending to be looking at his papers.
"Not planning on getting lunch and some fresh air, Your Grace?" A familiar voice from his side finally asked as the room had emptied of nobles and whatever government representatives, and Jusis raised his face to see Machias standing there with a smirk on his face.
That was about where Jusis' self-control failed completely. He had damn waited long enough, and Machias had patiently waited for everyone else to leave before approaching him. With the conference room empty, Jusis sprung up from his chair hastily enough that the chair fell over. He didn't care as he wrapped his arms around Machias' neck and drew him in for a kiss.
"You..." He grumbled between kisses as Machias wrapped his arms around his waist. "How dare you," Jusis continued, grabbing Machias by the hair and pulling him in for another deep and hungry kiss. He had also suffered waiting for this for too long and his body wasn't taking any more; he was so painfully hard by now, and this idiot of a boyfriend of his owed him something.
"Missed you too, brat," Machias whispered against his lips, and Jusis cursed his own weakness as Machias kissed him in turn. So tender and so good and Goddess help him, he wanted him now and he damn didn't care if they fucked on the conference room floor.
He moved his hands to Machias' coat and started undoing it, and that was about where his boyfriend got a hold of himself. "Whoa, kid," he said, catching Jusis' wrists. "We are in public, you know."
"Everyone's gone except for my secretary who's waiting outside, so they're not letting the cleaning crew in for now. He'll keep watch," Jusis replied, pulling his hands free. "Nobody will be returning until a few hours from now, and do you really think I'm going to wait after watching you play with that damn pen for half the meeting." He grabbed Machias’ hand and pulled it to his crotch. "You did this, you take care of it."
Machias blinked and stared at him for a moment, but he didn't pull his hand away and Goddess it felt amazing to feel his touch, even through the clothes. "Acting as if you were completely innocent staring at me," he murmured as he stroked Jusis over his clothes. He glanced around then sighed. "Well, there aren't any cameras here and... Ah Goddess damn it all." He gritted his teeth as Jusis pressed against his touch, a soft moan that he couldn't suppress leaving his lips. "It's not even been a full week and you..."
"A day without you is too long," Jusis grumbled, returning to his earlier attempt of undoing Machias' coat. At least the older man didn't resist now and instead unzipped Jusis' pants, sticking his hand in and now rubbing him over his underwear, and Jusis clenched his teeth to not make too many sounds. Machias finished getting the pants open properly a moment later and pulled the underwear out of the way, freeing Jusis' aching hard-on. "I'm not going to beg, but damn get to it," Jusis hissed.
There was an odd look in Machias' eyes; a mixture of trying to reason with himself and need, and the latter seemed to have won. "You know this is a bad idea," he said as he pushed Jusis against the table then got on his knees. "Extremely bad idea, and I'm fired if anyone learns about this," he continued his complaints as he drew his fingers over Jusis' erection then leaned in and took the tip in his mouth.
Of course it was a bad idea, and Jusis could barely imagine the headlines the tabloids would have if they got caught right now. He could only trust that his secretary outside knew better - which he more than likely did - and didn't let anyone in. "Aagh...." He leaned back a bit, half-sitting on the edge of the conference table and closed his eyes. The warmth of Machias' mouth was enough to make him come almost instantly, and he forced himself to calm down. Not quite yet, damn it; sure, he had needed this, but he wasn't giving in this easily.
He reached down to grab Machias' hair and entangled his fingers in it, tugging gently as Machias took him deeper in his mouth then moved away a bit, licking on the underside of the tip and causing Jusis to grit his teeth to keep himself quiet. Slow teasing wasn't what he could put up with, and he pulled Machias' hair, forcing him to continue, and those sharp green eyes glanced up at him, giving him a look before he obliged and continued sucking.
How Machias even did it, Jusis had never figured out. He was capable of giving head himself, and doing it was fun, but he had never quite mastered taking all of it in his mouth like his lover could. He could also now feel Machias' fingers on his thigh, advancing up a little to fondle the base of his erection. Every slightest touch was torture at this point, and he took deep breaths, wanting it to last longer.
So good and absolutely not all he was going to settle for; Machias was probably against going further in this place, but the young Duke Albarea knew what he wanted and he wanted more. He had dreamed of the next time he'd get to see his lover, and he was going to get what he wanted, the location be damned. "Nnngh... Had enough fun yet?" He asked, his voice too damn weak and impatient.
"Enough fun?" Machias replied, pulling away and looking up. "Look kid, you seriously..." He trailed off and sighed. "Except I should know better," he added with a hint of a smile. "You won't be satisfied with just this, and this really is a horrible idea and you know it."
Jusis smirked as he pulled his pants and underwear down, getting rid of his shoes while at it. "I know full well, and do I have to remind you again, this was your fault. I'm not waiting until tonight," he added with a bit of a pleading look in his eyes. Machias was weak against him looking cute, he knew - and it wasn't as if he didn't want this himself.
"Forever so greedy," Machias said with a grin. "I should've known better, but too late." He got up and drew his fingertips over Jusis' face then glanced around. "Well, not many options for positions here. You think that table will actually..." With Jusis laying down on his back on the table and spreading his legs, looking at him demandingly, Machias just shook his head. "Forget I asked."
If this was going to work out, Jusis wasn't sure, but he wanted it too much to care about the details. Machias's eyes scanning his body just made him more impatient, and he really needed to get to it already, and why was he taking so long anyway? "Hurry up..." Jusis murmured.
Machias got his coat out of the way then opened his pants before pausing to give Jusis a look. "I know you can't wait, but at least allow me some preparations," he pointed out, digging a condom and a one-use package of lube from his wallet. Jusis felt his face flushing; all right, perhaps he had been in a bit too much of a hurry and had nearly forgotten.
He watched Machias get the condom on; not needed in his opinion, but he had to admit that their location considered, it was kind of necessary. With that out of the way, Machias opened the lube package and spread some on his fingers. "Prepared?" He asked, and Jusis nodded his head slightly.
The feeling of Machias' fingers pressing between his buttocks was heavenly, and he closed his eyes and relaxed. Fine, they needed the preparations, and Machias cautiously spread the lube, adding all he had on him. "Ah... Ghh..." Jusis squirmed against the touch; so very good but nowhere near what he wanted, and he gasped for breath then forced himself to relax. If he wanted something else, he needed to be ready.
"This is the worst idea ever," Machias muttered under his breath as he finished his preparations then got his clothes a bit more out of the way before positioning himself between Jusis' legs. "The things I do for you," he continued, though trying to sound like he was complaining was kind of pointless when Jusis opened his eyes to look at him only to see that need in those green eyes. Saying one thing and wanting the other; he almost laughed, but Machias took a deep breath and pressed himself closer right then. "Okay, ready?"
Considering how long Jusis had wanted this, he was more than ready, though he did know Machias meant he needed to relax. He calmed his breathing and prepared himself; he was about to get what he had longed for all week so far, and he could damn take another few seconds.
Thankfully, those couple of seconds were all Machias was willing to wait for by now, and he pressed the tip of his erection against Jusis' ass then inside. Jusis slapped a hand over his mouth to keep himself quiet; the conference hall was probably made so that whatever was discussed in there couldn't be heard from outside, and now was a really bad time to admit that Machias really was right, and this was the worst idea ever.
There was the usual slight discomfort, and he also wasn't about to give a damn and just wrapped his legs around Machias and pulled him closer. The older man gave him a bit of a grin and pressed deeper inside, and Jusis blinked and muttered something against his hand. This blissful feeling of Machias' body against his; inside him was what he had wanted for days. Well, he would’ve really wanted to be naked and have Machias' naked body against his, but this was fine for now.
"Good to go?" Machias asked, and Jusis shot him a glare. Did he really have to ask after everything? He did get the point at least and pressed into him a few times then picked a faster pace for his thrusts. Exactly how Jusis wanted it, and he pressed his hand harder over his mouth to make sure he stayed quiet. "Worst idea ever, but why do you have to be so... cute," Machias mumbled, grabbing a hold of Jusis' hips with both hands and pressing deep into him.
Jusis could only congratulate himself for having his hand over his mouth, because that last thrust hit good, and he was sure he would've made the most pathetic sound. Machias pressed into him again, and he tried to move against the thrusts to his best ability - which wasn't much, considering he was lying on the table. He searched for something to grab for support with his free hand, only to have Machias lean over him and place his hand over his.
He was quite happy to take a hold of Machias' hand, even if the older man leaning over him meant he had to slow down the thrusts a little. It was fine; the worst need was under control by now, and now he was just enjoying it, except Machias paused right then which got Jusis to stare at him. "What..." He mumbled against his hand, only to find that Machias pulled a handkerchief from his pocket and stuck it between them to cover Jusis' hard-on.
"Wouldn't want you to make a mess of my clothes," Machias said with a bit of a grin. "I got work to do here still, you know."
That... was an issue, Jusis quietly admitted. He still had his upper body covered too, and his outfit was probably not going to look the best after this, but as if he cared; he could just have his servants pick up another shirt and jacket. Irrelevant right now; there were things he wanted, and Machias stroking him over that handkerchief felt great.
Machias adjusted their positions a little, drawing Jusis' right leg over his arm then continued to press into him, and Jusis found himself enjoying the slightly slower pace. He wanted more, naturally, but he also didn't want to finish just yet. Or maybe it didn't matter; he was going to have Machias all to himself tonight and was definitely getting a few rounds later on.
Not yet, though; not while those deep thrusts felt so good he wanted to stay like this and just keep Machias there. The table under them moved slightly as Machias pressed into him, and what kind of timing was this to stop again. "Don't... stop..." He muttered, removing his hand from his mouth and giving Machias a desperate look. How could he even consider it?
"I don't think this table can take it," Machias muttered. "Come on, let's..." He straightened his back and reached to the side to pull over the closest chair - the one Patrick had been using earlier seeing Jusis' chair still lay on the floor where it had fallen earlier. He lifted Jusis up and took a good hold of him, and Jusis figured quickly enough what he wanted to do and wrapped his arms around Machias' shoulders to hold himself up.
A little awkward maybe, but Machias managed to sit down, pulling his young lover onto his lap. "Better. Maybe. This is what you like anyway, isn't it?" He asked with a grin, and Jusis just grabbed him by the hair and dragged him in for a kiss, losing himself in it. It served to keep him quiet though, so it worked out, even if he now had to focus on breathing.
Getting the opportunity to take Machias however he pleased was appreciated; he pressed himself down and took the whole length of his hard-on inside, then kept moving, wanting all of it. Machias placed his hands on his hips then hastily stuck his right hand between them to check if the handkerchief was still in place. It thankfully was, because Jusis could tell he was about to make a mess of his lover otherwise.
Just a little more; he wasn't about to quit until he got Machias to come, and he was going to force himself to hold back until then. Not that holding back was working very well with the need he was feeling; he pressed himself down again, silencing himself with the deep kisses as he clung to the older man, too lost to really control himself. He looked into those green eyes only to see Machias watch him with such intense gaze, and it made his face feel flushed.
He figured he would've made sounds, but Machias kissed him back eagerly, making everything feel overwhelming and blissful. It didn't help that he was stroking Jusis again, his fingers skillfully working on him over the handkerchief. Now Machias' body was against his too, clothed as they were; it was everything he had wanted, and it was impossible to hold back.
At least it felt like Machias was getting lost in it too; his strokes, as great as they felt, lacked focus, and his kisses were deep and needy. Jusis was all too happy to indulge him and respond to the kisses, even if he was starting to feel lightheaded. He was so close to his limit, and he kept moving, pressing himself down and taking him deep inside of himself. So good, and he was shaking a little, but Machias' left arm was around his waist and kept him there, and he knew he didn't have to worry about anything.
The orgasm hit him so strongly he almost felt like fainting, and he slipped away from the kiss, weakly mumbling Machias' name before leaning his head against his shoulder. Machias held him against himself for a moment until he recovered enough, and he stared at him demandingly. "I want yours," he muttered tiredly, moving up slightly then pressing himself down again.
"Trust me, kid, it's not like I... can... ghhh..." Machias leaned back in the chair and ended up being the one to raise his left hand to his lips now, his eyes wide as Jusis took more of him again, moving rapidly enough to make the older man squirm under him. It wasn't as if Machias could really last much longer, and as spent as Jusis was, he was making sure his lover would get taken care of.
It didn't take much longer, and he could feel Machias tensing up while muttering something against his hand. Cute, really, Jusis thought as he sat there and petted his hair, not wanting to move away just yet even if his body was kind of sore after everything.
Machias snapped out of it as there was a sound outside the door, and he turned to look just as the door opened. Jusis turned to look as well, alarmed - only to find Patrick at the door staring at them, with Francis, Jusis' secretary, behind him trying to stop him.
The door was slammed closed a second later, and there was an inhuman scream outside. "Goddess! I told you this was a bad idea, you damn brat," Machias muttered. Jusis stared at the door for another second then quickly composed himself. All right, this could've been ten times worse. It was just Patrick, and Patrick he could handle.
He pulled away slowly and got to his feet, supporting himself on Machias' shoulders until he felt like he could stand. "It's fine. I can take care of this," he said as coolly as he could manage under the circumstances as he grabbed his underwear from the floor and got it on. He also grabbed Machias' now dirty handkerchief and stuck it in his coat pocket then got his pants and shoes back on as well.
"You better," Machias mumbled, fixing his clothes to his best ability. "I, ah, better use the opportunity to go stop by the office. See you when we continue in the afternoon. And try to survive the rest of the conference without getting ideas?"
"One to talk, but I suppose I can save my ideas until we get home tonight," Jusis replied. He hoped he looked presentable, and he grabbed Machias by the tie and stole a quick kiss then headed out.
End.
I shift in my seat and sigh. Berg's taking a while to get into costume. If I'm late to Melissa's Halloween party again (2nd year in a row, last year me and Berg were busy getting held up in a diner he wanted to swing by to "see about a girl"), she'll make me sleep on the couch for the rest of our lives. I haven't dressed up this year. I forgot about Halloween until October 15th and decided to take a pass. Berg's a little mad about it, but in the only way he ever gets mad at me. Puppy dog eyes and threatening to put orange juice in my cereal.
There's a frightening crash and he emerges from the bathroom, clad in fur all over, with shoulder pads on and a paper dog nose taped to his face. I grin.
"You look great! Very threatening werewolf."
He grins back. "Thanks! Let's go. Is Sharon ready?"
I shrug. "I'll go check. Wait in the lobby."
He nods dutifully and we part ways, me marching upstairs to Sharon's apartment. I knock loudly and call for her, but there's no answer. I sigh and lean against the wall. She must still be in the bathroom.
It's five minutes before Berg comes up to check on us.
"Hey! What's going on? We're gonna be late if we don't leave, like, now."
I shrug. "She hasn't come out yet. The door's locked."
He snorts. "Must be putting the finishing touches on her costume. She does care a lot. Unlike you."
I throw my hands out. "I'm exhausted! Architecture school is hard work."
He folds his arms across his chest. "You know what's harder work?"
"What."
"Dealing with someone who hasn't been imbued with the spirit of All Hallows' Eve!"
I huff and roll my eyes. "You just go to these things for the women."
"Do not! I go to them because Halloween is the best holiday ever. Besides. I'm taking a break from women."
I open my mouth, then close it again. "What? Really?"
He nods, suddenly placated. "I guess after what happened with Bethany... it just hurts a little too much to think about someone else."
"Man, I'm sorry. I didn't know."
He shakes his head, and looks at the ground. "I fought it for so long. But I can't anymore, Pete. Loving someone who will never love you back, someone who..." he trails off, and looks me in the eyes. A chill runs down my spine. "Who can't love you back. I think I'm different now."
I nod, and put my hand on his shoulder. "Yeah... I know what you mean." I swallow. If he knew what I was talking about, he'd never let me touch him again.
"Where's Sharon?" He asks, after the moment has passed and we're standing silently.
I shrug again and knock on her door for the second time.
"Sharon! We really need to get going!"
Nothing. I glance at Berg. He makes an "I dunno dude." face. I exhale slowly, then begin to try and kick the door in. He snickers. I make a face at him.
"You know how to pick a lock, right?" I ask.
He nods. "Got anything small, straight, and metal?"
I giggle. "You do."
He frowns at me, and I point to his crotch. "Haha Pete, very funny." He holds out his hand and wiggles his fingers.
I dig through my pockets and produce a bobby pin. "Thank God for Melissa," I mutter, and he blinks a couple of times like he's trying to clear something from his mind.
I step aside and he jimmies the pin in the lock until something clicks, and then the doors swings open. "That was fast."
He smiles. "I am a man of many talents." He gestures at the apartment and holds the door for me.
I giggle. "What a gentleman, Mr. Bergen!"
"M'lady."
I step inside and freeze. My heart rate speeds up until there's nothing but blood in my body, and my legs shake so bad I collapse into a small heap.
Berg steps in after me, gasping softly as he sees me, then screaming as he sees the cause of my distress. Distress is a kind word.
Sharon's apartment is covered in blood. Red, smeared from wall to wall. Her body is draped across a chair. Decoration spiderwebs coat the corners of her room, and little purple fairy lights are strung up. She must've been decorating for the after party.
I listen to Berg vomit behind me. I stare at the floor, frozen. Unable to move. My breathing is fast and shallow.
We both stay still for a while. The place reeks.
"I... police," Berg rasps, and begins to make his way to Sharon's wireless.
There's a clunk from somewhere in the back of the apartment, and he glances at me. From me to where the noise came from, then back again.Then he really makes his way over to the phone, and picks it up, about to dial when the something clunks again, and again.
Sharon appears in the doorway and I think my heart stops completely.
She grins. "Was it convincing?"
I shoot up and glare at her. "A little too."
She starts to speak, then stops suddenly, the sound catching in her throat with a strange gurgle. Her torso just forward for a moment before a large, bloody spike goes through.
I scream.
Berg's louder. He pants when he's done, then dials 911.
I'm watching in horror as something passes through her body, her eyes momentarily flickering back to life before going dead as it leaves. It's like... a strange cloud of mist, taking form slowly, a groaning starting deep beneath in its belly.
"What are you?" I hear myself ask.
"Ekkehard the Hungry." It's more of a rumble than a voice. "I have been awakened."
Berg is talking hurriedly into the phone.
"I'm sorry," I say, forcing my voice not to shake. "What's going on? What do you want? Why'd you kill our friend?"
It looms over me, and a feeling of disgust centers itself in my stomach.
"She awakened me. She stole my rest."
"So... do you want it back? Can you just..." I swallow. "Leave?"
There's a thundering roar that deafens me, and I watch as the phone Berg is holding disintegrates in his hands.
"You will perish for such disrespect," it snarls.
Berg runs over to me and slips in between me and Ekkehard. "Hey, hey, let's calm down," he says. "Can we help you go to sleep again?"
That seems to sedate Ekkehard for a moment while, presumably, it thinks. I glance at Berg, and he's staring at me. "Are we going to die?" I whisper.
"I don't know," he whispers back. "Listen, if it... it starts to look bad, I want to tell you something."
I harden my eyes, searching his for any clue, and nod. "Of course."
Ekkehard the Hungry snarls again. "Stop speaking. I have decided. You will die today."
I swallow. "There's nothing we can do?"
"Wouldn't it be unfair of us to have what was taken from you?" Berg asks, suddenly.
That makes it pause. "You will not trick me, human," it says at last. "All you want is to preserve you fragile life."
Berg nods. Then he looks at me, and I look at him. "I guess this is it."
Ekkehard roars. Its mouth opens widen enough to cover my vision with black. I hear my pulse ring in my ears.
Berg doesn't look away from me. He reaches out for my hand, and I give it to him, easily. Everything is so easy with him. Flawless. Like we were made for each other. A pang of want fills my ribcage up. He sighs, shuffling his fingers through his hair, still not leaving my gaze.
"What is it, Berg? We don't have time."
"I love you, Pete."
It's so quiet I almost don't hear.
As the darkness swallows us whole and all I can taste is blood in my mouth, Berg's hand squeezes mine. I do my best to squeeze back.
Every since we met, he's been obsessed with me. I don't get it. No one shows interest in me. The mindless girls at the flower shop don't show interest in me. But Farfarello did. Even when he was following Schuldig around, fucking with Omi's head and life, I could feel his eyes on me.
Then, when Weiss and Schwarz kept being thrown against each other during missions, he tried to separate me from the others. Only worked twice. Once was enough.
The first time it happened, trying to kill each other somehow became mutual hand jobs and matching bite marks on each other's necks. It was over and done before I realized what had happened. My teammates didn't say anything about it. I didn't need telepathy to know they would never believe what truly happened. Yohji made some stupid joke about "Schwarz' pet psycho." I ignored him and locked myself in my room, attempting to feel disgusted with myself for letting it happen… and enjoying it so much.
The second time it happened he simply stood there and smiled. I circled him slowly, waiting for the trap that had to be coming. Once I was in front of him again, I felt compelled to look into the yellow of his eye. It was oddly expressive, and I saw the lust there. And some deeper emotion I knew but refused to deal with.
He wasn't smiling anymore. He had turned serious and determined. That made me a bit uneasy, but his words were what truly scared me. "I've been dying just to feel you by my side. To know that you're mine."
"What?" I hated that my voice trembled, but I couldn't help it. Not when he started to prowl toward me.
"You are in my head. Schuldig's advice was going through with it. As he said, 'Get it out of your system.' Didn't work. I see your face every place that I walk in. Hear your voice every time I am talking."
He was too close. I couldn't think with him that close, so I started to back away as quickly as I could, my usual assassin grace forgotten. He smirked slightly when I hit a wall rather harshly. And he was still approaching me.
When he got close enough, he grabbed my wrist and brought my Bagh Nakh to his chest. I couldn't tear my gaze from his hand on mine and my claws on him. He pushed onto them slightly, causing the weapon to break his skin and we both gasped. He pressed the tip of one of his knives under my chin. I was forced to either lift my gaze to meet his or have my head impaled.
"I'll feel pain for you. Twist the knife. Bleed my aching heart. Tear it apart. You and I are kindred spirits, and I will crawl on hands and knees until you see that you feel it too. You will believe in me. I will never be ignored."
I don't know what came over me in that moment. One second I was very much afraid that I was going to be killed by a madman waxing poetic about how he and I were soul mates or something, and the next second I was knocking his knife away from me, heedless of the cut the moved caused. He let me retract my claws, but there was disappointment showing on his face. A pout formed on his full, dare I say, beautiful lips. I heard a growl and was surprised to realize it had come from me.
And it happened again. I doubt I'll ever remember who started either of our encounters. I suppose it doesn't really matter. We both wanted it. I still want it, but I haven't seen him since the ritual with the Essett Elders and the tower collapsing.
I wonder if I'll ever see him again…
I wonder if it's alright to wish for it.
Dad wants him to go to college. "You don't want to wind up at this godforsaken plant. You wanna know what it's like, try working one day here, one goddamned day, see how you feel about skipping school then, huh?" He hears it every time his dad has too much to drink.
He doesn't want to wind up packing meat like his old man. No question there. Come home stinking of blood: thanks but no thanks.
But college doesn't sound right either. Stell's already studying for the SATs, talking about someday even law school, but it just seems like a lot of work to Ray, and for what? He just wants to make enough to support her. They won't live like she's used to, they both know that, but if he can swing a decent job for a few months he can save up for a down payment on someplace. He can save up for a real ring.
Tommy thinks he's nuts. Not for bailing on college; none of their other friends are planning on that either. Like any of them would fit in to those pictures Ray sees on the posters outside the college counselor's door: all those rich preppy fucks sitting on gleaming lawns with their schoolbooks. Whatever.
Nah, Tommy thinks he's nuts for wanting to get married. He's never been with anybody else, he might be making a mistake. Tommy says it all the time, like he thinks Ray's missing out or something.
Today they're in Tommy's bedroom with a towel stuffed under the door, listening to the Clash and splitting an enormous joint, and Tommy brings it up again.
"Would you fucking shut up about my girlfriend?" Ray's trying to sound tough, but they're both too high to take him seriously. Tommy's stifled laugh pisses him off, and he needles back. "It's not like you've been with every girl in town, either."
"I'm not talking about chicks, man."
Ray feels his forehead scrunching with concentration. Is he that stoned already? "Then what are we talking about?"
Tommy takes a long drag of the joint before answering. "Stella goes down on you, right?"
"None of your business." Automatic.
Tommy ignores him. "You ever thought about the fact she don't have a dick?"
What the fuck is he talking about?
"She don't know what it feels like, is what I'm saying. She's sucking you off, but she doesn't *know*. She's gotta guess what feels good, what really gets you going."
The room is starting to seem uncomfortably warm. The windows are all closed, to keep anyone from smelling their smoke. Ray contemplates taking off his leather jacket. "What's your point?"
Tommy hands him the roach. He's just taken a hit when Tommy says, "That's why guys give the best head." Ray chokes, hard, and then he's sitting up, Tommy hitting him on the back.
"You okay?"
Ray nods, eyes still watering. He's not sure what to say, so he doesn't answer. The choking is kind of handy that way, actually.
There's a lull. Ray stubs out the end of the joint in the pop can that passes for an ashtray. The record finishes a side, but nobody moves to change it.
Ray leans back on the beanbag and closes his eyes. Maybe dozes off for a second or two. When he opens them again, Tommy's propped up on one elbow, staring at him.
Ray remembers what they were just talking about. A weird chill runs up his spine and he's glad he kept his jacket on.
He clears his throat. "Almost dinnertime. I better head out, walk this off before I hafta go home."
"Cool." Tommy sounds normal, for a guy who maybe just propositioned him. Or did he read that wrong? "Hey, you wanna skip out early again on Friday?"
Ray is lacing up his boots, which takes a lot of concentration. "Nah -- I better not. If I'm gonna apply to the police academy, I should probably stop smoking up. I think they drug-test you."
Tommy's looking right at him, through the shaggy black hair that's falling in his face a little, and for a second Ray thinks he's going to call him on it. Call him a coward, maybe. Like there's some other reason he's not going to spend his afternoons in Tommy's bedroom anymore.
But Tommy just shrugs. "Suit yourself."
Ray lets himself out, glad not to run into Mrs. Luczynski on his way out the door. Feels good to be out walking, away from the stuffy second-floor bedroom. The police thing is starting to sound like a better and better idea. Catching bad guys: that's a cool thing to do with your life, right? He doesn't want to think about where that desire started, so he doesn't.
There's a lot of desires he doesn't want to think about, actually.
He thinks about Stella instead. Betcha she'll like the police idea. It's respectable enough to have a decent paycheck, tough enough to be cool.
He tells himself he's thinking about Stella, the whole long walk home.
The bed was shaking, violently, as he woke.
“Get your ass up, we got presents to open!”
Eugene attempted to mumble the thoughts in his head, from ‘but didn’t we open everything at my parent’s house last night?’ to ‘is four o’clock in the fucking morning??’, but was too half-asleep to manage it as Snafu helped him downstairs, the cats and dog traipsing after them, meowing and barking for an early breakfast.
“Okay kids, simmer! Lemme get your papa sat down here and then I’ll get you fed, let you outside for a bit,” Snafu soothed as he led Eugene to the couch near their Christmas tree.
He blinked to try and wake up as Snafu went off to tend the children, and looked to the tree.
Presents. Why were there more presents? Not many, only four actually, but they’d taken everything they’d bought for each other over to his parent’s last night, to be opened on Christmas Eve. Today, Christmas Day, was their recovery day after having been around family so much.
“You ready?” Snafu dropped onto the couch beside him, nearly in his lap.
“I think so? But where did those-”
“You’ll see once you start opening,” Snafu interrupted, and went over the tree, nearly tripping on the edges of the too-long open bathrobe he wore over his pajamas. “Here, you go first.”
Eugene barely caught the gaudily wrapped box., and read the tag. “To Sledgehammer from…Burgie? How the hell-”
Snafu only smiled at him expectantly, so he tore into the paper and opened the box.
Inside were two of the nicest crystal glasses he’d ever seen, engraved with their names, and a note: ‘I know you might not be able to have a church wedding, but y’all are essentially married now and deserve a nice wedding gift. My pa is the one who did the engraving, he wishes you all the best as well. When you two next come out to Texas, wrap these up and bring ‘em with, and we’ll have a toast to you both, and to being home. All my love, Burgie.’
“Next one’s for me, from one of the…” he sighed, and his voice shook just a bit. “From one of the boys I fought with in Gloucester. His mother sent it along this year, said it was meant for last but she…she wasn’t ready to send it yet. Guess he’d had her save some things, so he could send ‘em to us after we all got home.”
Eugene carefully set the box with the glasses in the kitchen, away from where the cats liked to jump, and joined him on the floor near the tree, wrapping him in a gentle hug.
“This asshole,” Snafu laughed, even as the tears dripped down his face. “Look.”
He took the box from Snafu, and bit back a laugh. It was a set of poker chips, and a note: ‘Next time you can come around my neck of the woods, we’re gonna play again, and I’m gonna win this time. You just got lucky, last time. Can’t wait to see you again, Snafu.’
“Nah, you won buddy,” Snafu said softly, his eyes somewhere else as they filled again with tears, and he set the box near the tree. “He should have too, I really did just get lucky that game. God I miss him.”
He held onto Snafu for the next few minutes, letting him sob and remember. He hadn’t gotten to meet this particular company member, but he wished he had.
Snafu pulled away from him, and handed over another box. “Next one is for both of us, technically. But I want you to open it.”
He took the light box, so light it seemed nothing would be in it, and opened it carefully.
He nearly dropped it then, but held on with shaking hands.
It was a letter. From Ack Ack, to both of them. Talking about how while neither of them had come straight out with how they felt about each other, he was glad they weren’t really hiding it otherwise, and he promised them safety, from other soldiers and anyone who might say anything to him about it. How he knew war was pain and loss and fear, but he was glad all the same it had brought them together, and he hoped they’d be happy together once they made it home, because he knew in his heart they would.
Snafu was crying again when he looked up from the letter. “Read it before I wrapped it. Burgie found it, and saved it when they were packing up Ack Ack’s things to send home. He sent it along with the glasses, and asked me to make sure it was a separate gift. Said Ack Ack would have wanted it that way.”
They fell into each other’s arms again, openly weeping. It was a wound that they both knew would never fully heal, none of the losses would. But it was still so open and fresh now, that as wonderful as it was to have more of Ack Ack’s words, it almost hurt just as much, because he would never get to say them to them, never meet them in a city in the States for a drink and reminiscing.
Once they’d both settled again, holding back the rest of the tears, pushing the hurt back down to where it usually sat, Snafu took the letter and walked to the desk in the corner of the living room. He pulled a frame from the drawer of it, and placed the letter in it.
“Bought this for it as soon as I got Burgie’s stuff in the mail. Wanted to wait till you’d seen it too before putting it up somewhere though. Can you imagine what he’d say, if he knew we were hangin’ his letter up? He’d rag on us for ages,” Snafu sniffed, but smiled as he brought the letter back over, and settled it on one of the spare nails in the wall near the entrance of the living room that they’d not yet managed to fill.
“He would,” Eugene managed a laugh, and though it hurt it felt good all the same. “Wish he could see it.”
“Me too,” Snaf sighed, and went back to grab the last present. “You get to open this one too.”
“This is from you,” Eugene smiled. “You already spoiled the hell outta me, what else did you possibly get me?”
“Something that I didn’t have with me overseas, but that I wanted to give you. Part of courtin’ your cute ass, that I finally get to do, even though we’re past that.”
The box was small, and gorgeously wrapped. How on earth Snafu had even found the paper, Eugene didn’t know. He notoriously hated the shops as it got close to the holiday, but all he could envision was Snafu having gone in specifically to find the blue and white paper, with artfully drawn snowflakes on it. He half-hated to tear it, but he was also curious as could be, and Snafu was clearly just as excited.
He opened it carefully as he could, and opened the box.
“Had my family in New Orleans send it to me. One of the only things I left there. Shoulda heard them on the phone, going on about how they knew I’d never give it to a girl like the other boys did. But I finally found the person who’s supposed to have it,” Snafu said. “It ain’t much, but-”
Eugene interrupted him with a kiss, before returning to the box, which held Snafu’s ID bracelet. It had been and as far as he knew for some still was a common thing for a man to give to his girl, to show they were together and that it wasn’t a passing fling. And him and Snafu certainly were no passing fling.
He put on the bracelet, then gave Snafu another kiss. “Be right back.”
“Where are you goin’?”
“Gimme a minute!” Eugene called back down as he found his bracelet, and jogged back downstairs, dodging the cats as they trotted by him.
Snafu took the ID bracelet from him with a reverent look. “This…this is big. Everyone’ll know. I mean, I think most of ‘em know already in town or suspect and everybody’s kind enough to keep any thoughts to themselves, but-”
The tears were back again, happy tears this time as Snafu put on the bracelet.
“I know,” Eugene interrupted. “I know…we have to be careful. But most everyone knows us round here now, and we’ve been fine. So I want them to know now. If I’m gonna be wearing yours, I want you wearing mine, along with our rings, and I want everyone to know you’re mine and I’m yours.”
It was half warm embrace, half tackle as Snafu climbed into his lap, nearly tipping him over with the enthusiasm of his movements, shrugging off his robe as he kissed Eugene like it was all he knew how to do.
Eugene fussed with his own robe and pajama top, trying to get them off and tossed behind him to soften the hardwood floor somewhat as he lay back, pulling Snafu with him.
In a few moments they were down to just their underwear and the bracelets and their rings, the jewelry glinting in the soft morning light from the sun just starting to rise, and Eugene thought if he would ever see an angel in his life, then it would look like Snafu did now. Warm and soft and transcendent, moaning every time Eugene ran his hands through his curls, sighing with every kiss, heated skin melting against his own.
By the time they’d finally paused enough to toss aside their underwear, they were both too close for much more, Eugene knew that for sure. In the way Snafu rutted against him, whining sweetly, whispering love and admiration in his ear as he left hickeys on his neck. In the way he wanted nothing more than to come across Snafu’s stomach and to feel Snafu come on his, to reach that high together and lay in the heat of the moment after.
He didn’t have to wait long for it, between their continued feverish kissing and roaming hands and the occasional nip on his chest and shoulder from Snafu (who loved nothing more than leaving marks and having marks left on him.) It was perfect in its timing, both of them coming within a moment of each other, Snafu moaning into his shoulder as his hips and cock crashed against Eugene’s, while Eugene used a hand to pull them as close together as he could.
It was silent then. The cats and dog happy moving about the house on their own, no cars on the road outside. Just the sunlight streaming in, and their limbs intertwined as they came down together, kissing gently. It was another world, and Eugene never wanted to leave it, to look anywhere other than Snafu’s gorgeous eyes.
For the next few minutes at least, he knew he didn’t have to. Snafu was clearly just as comfortable and enamored with the moment, smiling and running a hand through Eugene’s hair while the other pulled him near, though they were about as close as any two bodies could be. But it was never quite close enough for them, and if closer ever existed he knew they’d jump on it in a heartbeat.
“This was a good Christmas, wasn’t it?” Snafu asked, breaking the silence.
“It was,” Eugene sighed. “Know what I’m lookin’ forward to, though?”
“Can’t be cleanin’ up what we just did,” Snafu smiled. “Only downside to doin’ anything down here. Least we had your robe down for part of this.”
Eugene nodded. “True. But I’m lookin’ forward to havin’ more good Christmases like this with you.”
“Me too,” Snafu replied, snuggling close. “You know we can’t fall asleep down here like this, right? I’m gonna get up in a minute, get us cleaned up.”
“Sure,” Eugene chuckled as he wrapped an arm around Snafu, and watched Snafu’s eyes flutter shut, fighting to keep himself awake. “I’ll wake you in ten.”
“Mmhm,” was Snafu’s only response as they snuggled amongst the torn wrapping paper in the sun, warm and happy.
Sam is supposed to just meet Ryan at the house but when they finish early for the day, he decides he can't stand pacing the fucking floors and heads down through the jungle, to the town, to wait on the beach for the ferry coming in. It means he won't be able to touch Ryan, to kiss the hell out of him the moment he sees him, but he doesn't care. He just needs to see him. It's been weeks and all the texts and skyping in the world don't make up for not seeing his lover in person. Don't lessen the ache he's feeling.
Getting to Sam's current lodgings seems like a hell of a slog: the flight to Brazil, another flight on a much much smaller airplane to a local airport, a drive to the water, a ferry out to a beach, a walk across the small town, ten minutes more of hiking through the jungle up to the house... Ordinarily, Ryan would be completely fucking thrilled with all the newness of it, the activity and the scenery and the excitement. This evening, though... Goddamn it, he misses Sam. He gives his assigned guide a smile and a nod and checks his map again as the ferry bumps up against the dock, then shoulders his bag. Stepping back, he waits for a few passengers to debark, then takes his first step onto solid wood as well.
The moment Sam spies Ryan, he waves, his heart shifting into his throat.
Ryan's eyes widen when he catches sight of his lover, and his whole face lights up. "Hey!" he says, abandoning his guide in an instant and swiftly making his way to Sam. He reaches out but then stops himself and draws his hand back. But the pleasure on his face doesn't diminish. "You're here! I thought you'd be working."
"We finished early," Sam says, looping an arm around Ryan's neck and giving him a quick hug. "So I thought I'd come meet you." He grins at his lover. "I can take it from here," he says, nodding at Ryan's guide, the man's hand shaken and a few bills pressed into his palm.
"Thanks," Ryan adds, but just as quickly he returns all his attention to Sam. God, his lover looks good enough to eat, dressed casually in shorts and a t-shirt, his hair cut short once more instead of the strange in-between style he'd had to film with last year. "You smell good," he whispers as they start to walk, but it's not even cologne or soap, it's just Sam. Ryan checks to make sure they've got no eavesdroppers, then adds, just as softly, "Makes me want to lick you until you melt."
Fuck. Sam's cock twitches and he gives Ryan a look. "Given there's twenty minutes until we reach the house," he says quietly, "you might want to be careful just how much you tempt me."
Ryan laughs out loud. He honestly hadn't intended to... "Why?" he asks, his grin turning mischievous. "Are you threatening to shove me into the jungle and have your wicked way with me, and then we both risk getting devoured by some exotic man-eating plant?"
"Exactly." Sam grins back. "Or we touch some bark and spend the next week itching like crazy, or get bitten by some fire ant, or stung by some tarantula. Not to mention we have to watch out for pythons on the paths anyways."
"Seriously?" Ryan immediately drops his gaze to their feet, suddenly concerned about where he's stepping. "Um. What about the house you're staying in?" he asks, since Sam said it was a really nice - but still, in the jungle - bed and breakfast place. "Is it secure from wild things?"
Sam laughs. "Not exactly, but they tend to keep to themselves for the most part. There was this huge katydid thing that flew in last night," he says, showing Ryan its size with both hands cupped together, "and I had to lure it back out with a flashlight, but the bats stay up in the roof and the other animals don't bother coming in. There's too much to keep them busy outside."
"That is so freakin' cool," Ryan says, his smile widening as he tilts his head back to try and see the top of the rainforest's canopy. "This place is amazing! The most exotic location I've ever shot in was... I don't know, Louisiana," he jokes. "The wildlife there isn't always so good at keeping to themselves, though. Have you gotten to wander around here much?"
"Yeah, I've done some hiking," Sam says. "There's lot of paths so you can feel pretty confident about wandering off. You'll run into someone at some point. Plus there's no crime out here, or none that I've heard of. It really is a paradise," he adds with a smile, leading Ryan deeper into the jungle.
"Yeah? No kidnapping threats for foreigners?" Ryan asks, and now he's not joking. Some of South America has unfortunately become notoriously dangerous, particularly for Caucasian visitors.
"Not here," Sam says, watching Ryan closely as they walk up hill to the house. "They'd have to wait for the ferry to make their getaway." He laughs.
"Ahh, I see. That's a relief. I assume there are crocodiles in the river as well?" Ryan asks. "Caimans, piranha?" Now he looks perversely hopeful.
Sam grins. "I've seen caimans, and there's supposed to be piranha, but I haven't been lucky enough to see any yet. Maybe we can get one of the local guys to take us fishing."
"That'd be awesome." Ryan grins and hitches his bag higher up on his shoulder. "Does anyone swim here? Like, extreme river diving?"
"I don't know," Sam admits, gesturing for them to go left at a juncture in the path. "I know there's tons of beaches and everyone tans like crazy, but I don't know how much time they actually spend in the water." He smiles at Ryan. "Want me to take your bag?"
Ryan grins back at his lover. "Not until you're ready for me to take all my clothes off, no." And at that point, he is determined that Sam's clothing will come off too. They can lose his bag, for all he cares.
"I am so ready for you to take your clothes off, it's not even funny," Sam says, "but we'd better wait until we get in the house." Nodding at the stairs now in front of them. "Just up there."
"Awesome." Alone - okay, practically alone - in the jungle, with his smokin' hot lover. This is stuff right out of Ryan's primetime fantasies. He follows Sam up the wooden stairs, his gaze fixed on his lover's ass except for when he needs to check his footing. "Someday I'm going to build a treehouse," he mutters. "In Belize. It'll be my holiday home."
"I've never been to Belize," Sam says, smiling over his shoulder at Ryan. Catching him staring at his ass.
"Me either. The diving is supposed to be incredible. And restaurants right on the shore serve fish caught just that morning," Ryan replies, grinning. "Are we there yet?"
"Almost," Sam says, stepping up onto the lawn in front of the house. "So, I'm not sure I explained the whole housing thing. There's a maid, Izabel, who comes in each day to clean, but she only comes in the afternoon. We need to keep your stuff in the guest room though and mess up your bed so she thinks you're sleeping there. There's the owner, who normally runs this as a bed and breakfast, and he comes in at weird hours, but he always knocks so it's not like we have to worry about him walking in on us. Sometimes other cast and crew come up, but mostly people knock, even if the door's open. It's just not quite as private as L.A."
"Okay." Ryan nods, committing Sam's words to memory. He knows how deathly serious this is, for both of them. "But what about the wild screaming in the night?" he asks, eyeing Sam sidelong. "Will anyone overhear that?"
"Nope." Sam grins. "Nearest neighbours are about twenty minutes away and everyone learns to block out the noise at night." His grin widens. "So, there's a terrace down here, and there's a hammock around the side over there," he says, walking up to the front door. "That's yours," he says, unlocking it and handing the key to Ryan. "People around here don't usually lock their places but I wouldn't feel comfortable with that. Not when I'm out anyway."
"Oh, cool." Ryan slips the key into the pocket of his board shorts, then steps inside the doorway. He doesn't even look around, just dumps his bag on the floor and turns back to Sam, pulling his t-shirt off in the same motion.
Fuck. Sam's been holding his desire for Ryan at bay for so long, behaving himself so fucking well, that he just stares for a moment, something twisting hard inside him. But it's only a moment and then he's pressing Ryan back against the kitchen counter, mouth on his lover's, hot and demanding, his cock a rock solid ache ground against Ryan's.
"Fuck, yes," Ryan whispers, the words smeared against Sam's mouth. He clutches at his lover, then pulls away just enough to tug Sam's shirt off. In the next instant he's working at Sam's cargo shorts, shoving them down to his ankles.
Sam steps out of his shorts and presses back up against Ryan, hands working at his lover's short, shoving them down as well. "Want to fuck you," he growls in his ear, biting at his mouth in the next moment.
"Thought you'd never ask," Ryan growls back, still grinning because God, fucking finally. He wriggles out of the last of his clothing and turns around to bend over the kitchen counter, splaying his hands against the smooth surface and spreading his thighs wide.
His throat closes tight at the sight but Sam lines up, rubbing the tip over that already slicked pucker before pushing in, the first thrust sinking the head and the second, his entire shaft, hips shoving his cock deep. He shouts, the pleasure all-encompassing, the wait far too fucking long.
Ryan howls with the penetration, the pain inexorable. But he bears down and takes his lover in, and the second he can take a full breath he shoves back against Sam, wanting every ounce of passion and no hesitation.
Knowing Ryan's here long enough for any bruises to fade, Sam wraps his hands around his lover's hips and drives in, deeper, harder, so fucking fast it almost makes his teeth rattle. The tight heat of his lover's body is something he's been dreaming about for weeks and it's better than any dream, any imagining ever. "I missed you," he breathes, the words not even close to how he's felt. "Missed you so fucking much."
Yes. Yes. Yes. Ryan fists his hands against the countertop and takes it, drowning in the feeling of being taken over so completely. No one has ever been able to do this to him, to sensually overpower him like this. Only Sam. "Close," he grates out.
Sam releases his grasp on Ryan's hips and covers Ryan's hands instead, pinning them to the counter. "Do it," he growls, licking a long line up the side of his lover's neck, teeth grazing his skin. "Make me come with you."
Damn fuck shit...! Ryan jerks against Sam's hold, once. Wanting to get a hand around his cock so he can jack himself off. But the impact of having Sam on top of him like this, holding him down, his mouth wicked as ever... Ryan shouts and his climax burns through him like a brushfire out of control.
In an instant, Sam follows Ryan over, squeezing his lover's hands as he comes, hot and thick and so fucking hard it hurts.
For long moments Ryan can only gasp for breath, his cheek pressed hard against the chilly countertop. The rest of his body is warm, so warm, and he tugs Sam's hands down, wrapping his lover's arms around himself.
"I'm so fucking glad you're here," Sam says, squeezing Ryan tight and kissing his shoulder.
"Mm-hmm." It's been a long day of travel, plus so much emotional and physical anticipation culminating in this moment right here. Ryan's eyelids are already dropping drowsily down, but he smiles a little and stands up straight, turning in the circle of his lover's arms. "Me, too. But next time, I'm topping."
"We'll see," Sam teases, kissing him softly. "Are you hungry?"
"Starving. But I'd rather fall into bed with you for about ten hours, if that's an alternative option."
"Definitely. C'mon," Sam says, picking up Ryan's bag and his clothes and taking his lover's hand again. He leads him upstairs, points out the guestroom and then pulls him into the master bedroom with its views of the mountains and water in the distance. "We'll get your stuff settled in the other room in the morning."
"To keep up appearances, right." Ryan glances at the completely stunning view, then drops it from his attention in favour of taking Sam's hand and dragging him down onto the bed. "I missed you," he whispers, well aware it's already been said. But he's tired, his defenses are down... and it's still true.
"Me too," Sam whispers back. "I don't know if you know just how much time I spend thinking about you, but it's a lot. A hell of a lot."
"Yeah? Good." Ryan throws a thigh over Sam's hip and snuggles in close, luxuriating in the feeling of true sated relaxation. Finally. "You're not allowed to get up until I fall asleep, all right?"
"All right," Sam agrees. He wasn't planning on going anywhere anyway. Not when Ryan just got here.
To chapter fifty-nine
The first text rather confused Tyson. ‘ritter, a little bird told me youre in new york. Wanna meet up? gabe’
‘gabe saporta?’
‘the one, the only!’
‘have you been stalking my twitter? Again?’
‘maybe. So, tuesday?’
‘what?’
‘great, coffee at eleven at starbucks on twelfth! See you there’
**
Unfortunately for Gabe, Tuesday rolled round and Tyson turned up in a foul mood. Gabe let him pretend everything was fine through ordering drinks and preliminary small talk, then pounced when they’d taken their seats.
“So, I’m in town for a few days,” Gabe started, eyeing Tyson’s gloomy posture interestedly out of the corner of one eye.
“Mmhmm...”
“Should be fun,” Gabe said slowly and a little louder.
“Mmhmm...”
“Sometimes I dance around my apartment in nothing but red stilettos.” No response. “And a cobra. It’s an erotic display Ryland and I put on for Bill. Really gets him going.”
Tyson glanced up, puzzled. “Is this your normal coffee conversation, Saporta?” He paused and smiled suddenly. “Wait, of course it is.”
Gabe grinned back. “Well, true, but right now it’s more of a coffee monologue. Don’t get me wrong, I love the sound of my own voice, but I’m pretty sure I could be quite fond of yours.” Tyson dithered momentarily. “C’mon, give it up – who spat in your Wheaties?”
“Oh, it’s nothing,” Tyson said, “I’m just a bit...” he gave an indistinct sound and a handwave.
Gabe raised an eyebrow. “How are those lyrics going?”
“Shut up,” Tyson said, but smiled a little. “Eh, you know. Clearly Nick and I have been spending too much time together.”
“Oh, yeah, how is the love affair that isn’t?” Gabe asked, leaning forwards.
“It isn’t,” Tyson said gloomily.
“Hence the spit in the Wheaties, right?”
“Eh,” Tyson shrugged. “We’ve just been around each other for too long. You know how it is.”
“No?”
“What, you’ve never got sick of spending time around Bill Beckett?”
“No. Bilvy is my light, my life, my reason for being – and the sex is awesome.” A woman two tables over choked on her coffee, which served her right for eavesdropping. Gabe gave her a crazed grin and turned back to his miserable companion. “So, yeah, sex is the root of all awesome. So, you’re sick of the guy – just take a break.”
“But I miss him when he’s gone,” Tyson said immediately, clearly without thinking, then visibly wished he could bite his own tongue off.
Gabe pulled a face. “Man, you got it bad.”
Tyson sighed. “Damn, I need a new band.”
“There’s always a vacancy in Cobra Starship,” Gabe grinned. “The Cobra likes tall people.”
“You already have a bassist, and I’d hate to do you out of a job singing, so – what vacancy would I fill?” Gabe’s eyebrows when crazy. Tyson met his gaze implacably. “Apart from that one.”
“Well, you’re a model, aren’t you?” The kid actually blushed, which amazed Gabe – he hadn’t thought Tyson Ritter had any shame left. “Just walk up and down a bit and look pretty.” He leant forwards and added conspiratorially, “we’re jealous of Panic’s stage-show.”
Tyson looked a little worried. “You’ve seen me dance, right?”
“No?”
“There’s a reason for that.”
Gabe accepted this with equanimity. “So, it’s all sorted, then? You run away with Cobra Starship and find consolation in the arms of my may I say gorgeous guitarist-”
“Does Ryland know you’re pimping him out?”
“Oh, yeah, I do it like, twice a day, man. Anyway, so – you find consolation in Ryland’s arms, he’s taller than you, it’s perfect – and then Wheeler turns a delicate shade of jealous, comes after you, begs your forgiveness and everyone goes home happy.”
Tyson paused. “Um. OK?”
Gabe paid no attention to him. “Hang on, wait – no, that’s an idea!”
“What? Because I’m sure Ryland’s really nice and all, but-”
“No, you’ve gotta make him jealous!”
“Who, Ryland?!”
“No, Ritter, your paramour, are you normally this slow? Make Wheeler think he’s losing you so he fights harder to keep you!”
“Man, that is some fucked up romcom shit right there,” Tyson frowned. “It’ll never work.”
“Twenty bucks and a cameo in a song says it will,” Gabe returned instantly.
Tyson actually laughed. “That’s one way to collaborate.”
“The Cobra will out,” Gabe smiled. “And it’s like I’ve always said – what AAR really needs is more neon.”
“The day you get Gaylor in neon is the day I will personally-”
“Perform lewd and filthy acts with me as my concubine?” The woman two tables away looked half-way to a hernia.
“I’m finding out far more about your kinks today than I really wanted to. Ever,” Tyson said, but he was smiling.
“Admit it – you’re curious.”
“No,” Tyson said simply. “Not really. The sight of your red-stiletto mating dance might just kill me.”
“Fine,” Gabe said sulkily. “But – look. Make it a bet. If I can’t get Wheeler to admit that he’s in love with you before I leave town, you get a duet on Cobra Starship’s next album. If I can, you gotta write me a duet. Sound fair?”
“The bits I understood sounded fair,” Tyson agreed warily. “But – look, dude, it’s a lost cause. I’ve had girlfriends and boyfriends before, and Nick’s never cared-”
Gabe’s grin was positively demonic. “You underestimate the power of the Cobra.”
“You’ve got to stop referring to yourself as the Cobra,” Tyson told him. “And seriously, how’re you going to do it?”
“None of your other conquests have been me,” Gabe grinned.
“What does that mean!?”
He winked and stood to leave. “I’m so annoying.”
**
Tyson caught up with him after about a block. “Saporta, wait.” Gabe glanced at him. “How is you being annoying going to help? I mean,” and was that a mischievous glint in his eye, “how will he even know you’re not just being you?”
“Firstly, ouch. Secondly, petal, you don’t understand,” Gabe stroked a hand down Tyson’s bare forearm, and Tyson visibly had to stop himself from stepping backwards and away from him. “I’m going to be all over you - all the time. He’s gonna go nuts.”
“Is this a tried and tested theory?”
“It’s got me punched in the past,” Gabe said thoughtfully. “So – yeah.”
“So, what, you’re essentially my boyfriend?”
“As far as most people are concerned,” Gabe nodded.
Tyson thought about this for a second, the groaned. “Bill Beckett is going to eat me.”
Gabe waved a dismissive hand. “Let me handle Bill. He’ll understand!”
“Hmm.” Tyson had seen Bill Beckett’s ‘understanding’ before, and it looked painful.
“Look, OK, basic plan. I’m going to be all over you in front of the guy who’s clearly infatuated with you,” Tyson muttered something resentful about that, but Gabe ignored him, “and then we’ll,” he made a ridiculous hand gesture, “reel him in.”
“You better be planning out that duet,” Tyson informed him and turned to go.
“It’ll be so nice to work with someone who has so much faith in my abilities,” Gabe called after him.
“I have total faith in your musical abilities, Saporta!” Tyson told him. “It’s your romance-guru ones I’m questioning.”
“Question no more, little grasshopper, for you shall go to the ball.”
“That was a horrible marriage of the movies.”
“Confidence, Ritter! And I’ll see you tomorrow, OK? Start laying groundwork tonight. Talk about how awesome I am, it shouldn’t be hard.”
**
‘good morning petal’
‘it’s seven am gabe what the fuck’
‘the early bird catches the photographer. Meet me on the corner and bring coffee’
**
“This place is fucking freezing,” Tyson informed him twenty minutes later. Gabe grinned madly at him and slung an arm around his shoulders, dragging him closer and neatly stealing one of the cups of coffee as he stuck one freezing hand down the neck of Tyson’s hoodie.
“Mm, you’re warm...”
“Fucking fuck, that’s cold, stop it!”
“Boyfriends share body warmth, Ritter,” Gabe said reprovingly. “And speaking of, does Nick know about me? Have you told him all about the gleam of my hair in the light of the subway? Does he know you’re here with me now?”
“He’s asleep. Because everyone is asleep. It’s seven on a Saturday morning, and you woke me up!”
“Stop moaning, or I won’t do anything nice for you ever again.”
“OK, well, talking of boyfriends,” Tyson challenged, “have you talked to Bill, yet?”
“Shit,” Gabe said, suddenly serious, digging around in his pockets for his phone. “Two seconds – don’t go anywhere!”
**
Twenty minutes later, Gabe reappeared back near Tyson, still on his mobile but clearly rounding up the call. “Yeah, OK, I promise. I gotta go, OK, he’s right here. Yeah, I’ll say hi. Love you.” He hung up and turned to Tyson with another of his trademark manic grins. “The eagle has landed and we’re good to go!”
“How’s Bill?” Tyson asked pointedly.
“Fine, fine,” Gabe waved his hand dismissively, but his expression softened fractionally. “He says hi. Now, come with me where all the children play,” he held out a hand.
Tyson didn’t take it. “Please don’t tell me you say that to actual kids,” he said, grinning. “Cos otherwise Wentz must know a really good lawyer.”
“Of course I don’t, I’m not actually a monster, Ritter. No, we’re just going photographer hunting.”
“Seriously?”
“Oh, yeah. And then we’re going get some nice photos of me kissing you against a wall somewhere leaked onto the internet. And hopefully that will drive your paramour mental.”
**
“Ty, what the hell?” Nick asked, chucking a couple of print-outs down in front of Tyson.
Tyson glanced at them. They were actually pretty good pictures, but then, Gabe was a sneaky little fucker, and he knew the best. Not to mention, he had carefully coached Tyson for just this moment. “Oh. I didn’t know there was a photographer,” he said, taking a blithe sip of tea. “Sorry about that.”
“The label are going to be thrilled,” Nick said, grasping a little at straws.
“Because I’m kissing boys now? Or is it Gabe you think they’ll object to?”
“We have to keep middle America, dude.”
“Middle America,” Tyson all-but snapped, genuinely annoyed, “is fine with those emo kids from Panic at the Disco, they’re fine with My Chemical Romance, and so help me god, they’re fine with Gabe too.”
Nick backed down. “OK then,” he admitted with rather bad grace. He dithered a little, then sat down. “So, er. You and Gabe. Is it, um. You know. Serious?”
Tyson pasted on his soppiest smile, barely reminding himself not to overdo it. “I think so. I mean, it’s. I’ve,” Nick was starting to look sceptical. “I’ve no idea,” Tyson said, actually honest, reeling himself back in. “I think, maybe, I’d like it to be? Right now, it’s – touch and go.” He grinned. “More of the touch, less of the go.”
Nick was doing that thing where he clenched his jaw and tried to smile – Tyson hoped this was a good sign. “Well. He, uh. He seems. Well, if I’m honest, he seems like a total nutcase, but – he seems OK.”
“Yeah, he’s pretty cool,” Tyson agreed, as opposed to Gabe’s suggestion of ‘he overwhelmed me with the sheer force of his raw, sexual masculinity’. (Clearly Gabe spent most of his time in the romance novel section of life.)
Nick nodded, though he looked very faintly pained. “Well, OK then,” he said and headed back into his room to grab his laptop. “I think I’ve come up with a bass line...”
Tyson shoved the printouts to one side and tried very hard to focus on the music and not Nick’s `mouth – with almost total success.
**
The most important part of this relationship, Gabe kept telling Tyson, was timing. They wanted to get caught – and regularly. This meant a lot of time memorising Nick’s habits, but since he was spending time with the reigning expert on all things Wheeler, that wasn’t too hard, and thankfully, Gabe was nothing if not a master of prevarication.
The first time, he walked Tyson back to his apartment block after one of their strategy meetings and kept him chatting until Gabe caught sight of Nick rounding the corner onto their road. That was when he grabbed Tyson, who reacted with admirable aplomb as Gabe slid one hand round the back of his neck, cupping Tyson’s jaw with the other, and pulling him forwards into a long, slow, explicit kiss.
Out of the corner of his eye – and in the quick break Gabe took before returning to the serious business of kissing the shit out of his new friend – Gabe watched as Nick paused, staring, then turned on his heel and headed into the building. To his credit, Tyson just went with it, but once Gabe had broken the kiss, he stepped backwards, smiling, lopsided and awkward.
“Dude, are you sure this isn’t taking things a little far?”
Gabe waved away his excuses. “Like I need an excuse to kiss pretty boys,” he grinned and patted Tyson on the cheek. “Be seeing you, Ritter. Phase Two – how ’bout Thursday?”
**
Secure in their plan, their next proper kiss was actually a little less staged.
Gabe was clearly some kind of expert torturer, and the dinner he so casually invited himself to was an exquisite kind of torment. He was actually a little worried about being left alone with Nick, whose raised eyebrows, Gabe knew, could actually flay a man’s soul. Nick was definitely frosty towards Gabe, though not outright rude – and whilst Tyson hoped that was a good sign, it could equally have been because Gabe was twenty minutes late, the rotis had nearly been burnt, and he had had the effrontery to turn up in a lime green hoodie which smarted even Tyson’s eyes. He’d then compounded the offence by spending the entire meal edging his chair closer to Tyson’s and whispering total inanities in the sultriest murmur imaginable.
“‘How did you get so much floorspace’? 'I need a flatscreen like that’? ‘Oh shit, my rent was due last week’?! Seriously!?” Tyson muttered as they both headed into the kitchen with dirty dishes.
“I know how to romance a guy,” Gabe said complacently.
“Yeah, ‘I love your carpets’ was a real high point,” Tyson agreed, loading the dishes into the sink. “If that’s how you romanced Bill Beckett, he’s just dropped whole storeys in my estimation.” He paused, and glanced at Gabe. “But, er... do you think it’s working?”
“Oh, yeah, I think so,” Gabe said, after pretending to think about it for barely a moment. “But we could always test it, if you want.”
“How do we do-” He was cut off as Gabe yanked him forwards.
Gabe was pretty sure Nick would be curious after being left alone for a good couple of minutes for no apparent reason, and apart from that, Tyson was kind of fucking hot, and Gabe intended to make the absolute most of the time during which he was allowed to kiss him.
He shoved him back against the counter, and cupped his cheek, stroking his thumb over the length of Tyson’s cheekbone.
For a moment, he didn’t even move to kiss him. “You are so fucking gorgeous,” he told Tyson, and could practically see the disbelief forming on his face. “And he’s an idiot if he doesn’t see it.”
Then, before Tyson could come out with something ridiculous and self-deprecating, Gabe leant heavily against him, holding him against the counter and kissing him firmly. His other hand slid down the length of Tyson’s back to rest at his hip, and Tyson wrapped his arms around his waist, pulling him a little closer. It was Tyson who deepened the kiss, humming into Gabe’s mouth as he slid his lips over Gabe’s.
Out of the corner of his eye, Gabe could see Nick in the doorway. “I’ll bring  the rest of the plates through, shall I?” He asked, loud and icy. As he disappeared through the doorway again, Tyson stiffened in Gabe’s arms, his face settling into unhappy lines as he attempted to pull away.
“Are you sure this is going to work?” He asked, voice low.
Gabe refused to let him move, thumb stroking comfortingly at his hip. “He’ll come round,” he promised. “Reckon he’d come round faster if I fucked you?” He pulled a thoughtful face. “Eh, maybe not – he doesn’t seem the type.”
Tyson laughed, low in his throat. “Oh, I’d do you, Saporta,” he grinned, “if you weren’t so fucking crazy.”
“And you’d have to fight Bill for me.”
“Sexy as I find you, I’d rather keep my eyeballs where they are, thanks,” Tyson said, and disentangled himself from Gabe just as Nick reappeared, stony-faced, in the kitchen.
**
“I think we should progress , Ty,” Gabe said, smiling wide and friendly. They were sipping coffee in Tyson’s kitchen, the flat conspicuously empty apart from them. When Nick had heard that Gabe was coming round that morning, he’d grunted disapprovingly and made himself scarce.
“Oh?” Just a couple of weeks had taught Tyson to be wary of that tone in Gabe’s voice.
“Horizontal making out!”
“But I don’t know when Nick’s gonna get back.”
“Practice makes perfect,” Gabe grinned. “C’mon Ritter, get it together. Sofa, you and me, now. It’s a date.”
It wasn’t like Tyson was especially shy, but this kind of making-out-by-numbers kind of freaked him out. “OK, um, then. How do you want me?” Gabe paused, weighing up his answers, but before he could speak, Tyson gave him a lascivious grin. “Because I want you to paint me – like one of your French girls.”
Gabe paused for a long moment. “Did you just make a Titanic reference?”
“I did!”
“How does the entire world not know you’re gay?” Gabe asked despairingly.
“I think I’m pretty good at hiding it,” Tyson said, allowing himself to be herded into the living room.
“Dude, you prance half-naked around the stage wearing nothing but girl jeans and glitter. You couldn’t make it clearer if you took out an advert in The New York Post.” Gabe shoved him towards the sofa. “Now, c’mon. Time to get down and dirty.”
“Well, if you insist...”
Tyson sat down and Gabe heaved a sigh, sitting down next to him. “OK, maybe – like this.” He grabbed Tyson’s wrists and all but yanked him into his lap. “This OK?”
Tyson paused and nodded. “Um, I guess? So, what do I do, know I’m up here?”
“Would you like cue cards? Because I thought it was pretty-”
“Shut up, Saporta.” This time it was Tyson who leant forward and pressed his mouth to Gabe’s, one eye on the door waiting for Nick’s return. Gabe’s hands settled at the small of his back, and Tyson grinned into the kiss, biting at Gabe’s lower lip and shoving him backwards into the sofa. Gabe shifted things rather by twisting so that Tyson was lying back along the sofa, Gabe lying on top of him, hands in Tyson’s hair as he licked into his mouth.
They kissed until Gabe pulled back, a little out of breath and lips red with kissing. “Holy fucking hell, Ritter, does Wheeler seriously not know what he’s missing out on?” Tyson laughed a little. “D’you think we could get my significant other to agree to a threesome?”
“I wouldn’t bet on it,” Tyson said apologetically. “I like my tea unpoisoned.”
“Worth a try,” Gabe said, shrugging unapologetically, and kissed him again. Breaking away, he mouthed at Tyson’s neck, biting at the delicate skin below his ear and relishing in the shudder Tyson gave, enjoying the feeling of the younger man arching up beneath him. Sucking kisses along his jaw, Gabe grinned as he kissed Tyson full on the mouth once more, allowing his hands to wander a little further down Tyson’s body.
It was then that Nick arrived back in the flat.
For a moment, he stood there in silence, surveying the scene, namely Tyson on his back, panting, Gabe on top of him, kissing him with abandon.
“Huh,” he said loudly, and watched with some satisfaction as Tyson jumped and attempted to wriggle out from underneath Gabe – though sadly with little success. “Saporta – Gabe – can I have a word?”
**
In the kitchen, Gabe smiled sleepily at Nick, rubbing one hand insolently over his mouth. “There a problem, Wheeler?”
Nick paced tightly in front of him. “Yeah, I got a problem,” he said, without thinking, then paused. What was his problem?
“Stop me if I’m wrong,” Gabe said insouciantly, “but you’re gonna get on my case about me making out with your frontman – am I wrong? ’Cos you’re head over heels in love with him, right?”
Nick floundered. “I... don’t really think... that’s relevant.”
“Really? Oh, sorry,” Gabe grinned, “cos I was going to tell you how ridiculously in love with you he is, but, er. My bad.”
“What?”
**
Nick leant in the doorframe of Tyson’s room, arms crossed and eyebrows raised. “You couldn’t just have told me?”
Tyson jumped a foot. “You couldn’t just have knocked?”
“No, I couldn’t,” Nick snapped. “What the fuck made you think that was a good idea?”
“What was a good idea!?”
“You! And Gabe! And the jealousy thing!”
“Oh. That,” Tyson paused.
“Yeah, that!” Nick snapped. “Because, it’s not like I’ve been in love with you since I was eighteen, or anything!?” There was an awkward pause. Finally, Nick met Tyson’s eyes. “OK, should I not have said that?”
Tyson digested that for a moment in silence. “No, you should have said exactly that,” he said, “like, four years ago.”
Then Tyson was throwing himself at Nick, and Nick found himself with an armful of Tyson and Tyson’s tongue in his mouth, kissing him enthusiastically.
Nick’s hand’s instinctively gripped Tyson’s hips, pulling him closer. Tyson gave a little moan of encouragement and allowed himself to be walked carefully backwards, without too much interference to the kiss, towards his own bed. There was an awkward moment when Nick shoved him backwards onto the bed, but Tyson gave that stupid, too-loud laugh of his and grabbed at Nick’s T-shirt, pulling him down too to meet his mouth.
Nick pulled back for long enough to mouth at the skin of Tyson’s neck. “I swear to good, I will buy you flowers and take you to restaurants and what the fuck ever, but can we...?”
Tyson arched his neck back into Nick’s touch, and laughed. “Four years of foreplay and you think I want to fucking wait until the third date? Condoms and lube are in the fucking nightstand, now get a move on, Jesus.” He froze suddenly. “Um – you did get rid of Gabe, right?”
“Oh, yeah! Saw him out and locked the door,” Nick said absently, searching through the nightstand.
“OK, good,” Tyson said, working at his belt, “because much as I like the dude, I don’t trust him not to hide in a closet and jerk off.”
Nick just grinned, fumbling for lube and a condom and trying, messily, to kiss Tyson at the same time. He felt like an uncoordinated teenager again, all eagerness and passion, laughing against Tyson as Tyson’s hands slid down his sides. “Dude, ticklish.”
“I know,” Tyson grinned wickedly. “It’s payback.”
Nick wanted to question that but was too busy kissing him, hands fumbling at his pants. “Fucking hell, what do you need so many buttons for?” Nick demanded, giving up on Tyson’s pants for the moment, and grabbing at the hem of his shirt, and yanking upwards. “Fucking finally,” he gasped, “skin.” He mouthed along Tyson’s collarbone, using an edge of teeth to make Tyson moan, which Tyson obligingly did.
Tyson’s hands were busy at Nick’s fly, yanking his pants down and sliding a hand over Nick’s cock in retaliation. Nick hissed and bit down on Tyson’s collarbone, before pulling back to kiss him firmly. “Kay, dude, if you don’t want this to be over sooner than we’d both like, you’d better stop that,” Nick informed him, and Tyson grinned.
“Killjoy,” he told him, and reached up for another kiss.
Nick twisted the cap off the lube with hands that shook, giggling a little as Tyson ran one hand down his side.
“Could you be serious, please?” Tyson demanded, continuing to trail light fingertips up and down Nick’s ribs. “This is a deep and profound moment for me, the loss of innocence!”
“Oh? And what innocence would that be?”
“I had it once,” Tyson grinned, hips shifting unconsciously against Nick’s, “and I was waiting for you, but you didn’t show, so I mislaid it.”
Nick had, at long last, succeeded in working Tyson’s pants off, so he ignored that comment as Tyson kicked them off all the way. “Well, I’m here now,” he said, and brushed his fingers over Tyson’s hole and bit at Tyson’s lip to prevent any snarky reply. Tyson hissed at the sudden pressure and Nick pulled back, brushing his fingers over Tyson’s lips. “Y’alright?” He asked.
Tyson met his gaze firmly. “Fine.” He sucked Nick’s fingers into his mouth, and Nick’s eyes rolled back a little.
“Jesus, don’t do that,” he almost-moaned. Tyson’s eyebrows waggled ridiculously, even as his tongue traced the sensitive pads of Nick’s fingers. Nick laughed. “Shut up,” he said, and gently pulled his fingers from Tyson’s mouth. “You really OK with this?” he checked one more time.
“Nick, seriously,” Tyson said insistently, “I’ve wanted you since forever, OK?”
“Cheesy,” Nick mumbled against his neck as he slid a finger in.
Tyson arched up and gasped. “But true,” he insisted, and moaned as Nick’s finger slid against his prostate.
Nick added another finger and swallowed Tyson’s groan as it shuddered through his body, kissing him almost desperately. “I,” he pulled back a little, “God, I love you,” he said in a rush, and kissed Tyson again before he could reply, twisting his fingers viciously inside him just to feel him shudder.
“I’m ready,” Tyson promised, “C’mon, fucking fuck me, please, Nicky.”
“I’m not sure-” Nick prevaricated.
“C’mon, Nicky, you’re not the first,” he grinned, “you’re not even the third.”
“But-”
Tyson’s hand trailed down his body to brush over his cock. “Nicky, you wanted a virgin, you should have fucked me first-”
“I don’t want a virgin, I just want you,” Nick said. It might have been a little more romantic had he not stuttered a little as watched Tyson arch up into the third finger Nick added. Tyson’s leg’s spread and he whimpered, working his hips against Nick’s fingers, trying futilely to fuck himself on them.
“Come on, Nick, please – I’m not eighteen anymore, I fucking want it, Jesus, fucking fuck me!”
Nick paused. “Ask me – nicely.”
Tyson arched up. “oh, Jesus, don’t tell me you’re that clichéd!” It would have been believable if his breath hadn’t caught over the words. “I would have thought you’d be more original.” But he whimpered when Nick pulled his fingers out.
“I’d be nicer to me if I were you,” Nick said sweetly, tracing his fingers round and round Tyson’s hole until Tyson squirmed.
“OK, please, please, please, fuck me,” he begged, and Nick grinned.
“Well, since you ask so nicely,” he agreed, sliding home with a moan of his own. There was a moment of silence, punctuated by harsh gasping. “God,” Nick gasped, Tyson tight around him, and Tyson nodded fervently.
“Yeah,” he agreed, and Nick thrust a couple of times, unable to stop himself. Tyson fucked back onto his cock, whimpering a little as Nick’s cock hit his prostate dead on. “Come on, Nick, please, please please...” he begged desperately.
“Okay, okay,” Nick dragged a hand through Tyson’s hair, “just calm down, OK?”
“Easy for you to say,” Tyson snapped, hips still moving helplessly against Nick.
Nick thrust hard into him, relishing the broken moan.
“More than OK,” Tyson allowed, panting, “just fucking go for it, OK?”
Nick obeyed, and it wasn’t too long before Tyson was coming, shuddering through his orgasm and pulling Nick into his.
“Holy fuck,”  Tyson said.
“Yeah,” Nick agreed weakly, wrapping an arm round Tyson’s waist.
“We need to do that again tomorrow,” Tyson said sleepily, resting his head against Nick’s shoulder. “And tomorrow I drive.” He pressed a kiss to Nick’s lips. “Fucking love you,” he said, and dropped off to sleep, curled round Nick.
**
Danny heard the scraping sound of post being pushed through the letterbox and the soft rustle as it landed on the mat just inside the door. He wandered down the hallway, still in his dressing gown, and picked up the envelopes. Mainly the usual selection of junk mail and bills, by the look of it, but one envelope stood out from the rest addressed to Sir James Lester in bold, cursive handwriting in brown ink on expensive cream-coloured paper with some sort of embossed crest in the right-hand corner.
He wandered into the kitchen and dropped the mail on the large pine table, inhaling the rich aroma of coffee and the enticing smell of warm croissants. “Post,” he remarked, before pulling Lester into a hug and nuzzling his neck. “Do we have to go to work today?”
“Unless someone has declared a public holiday without me noticing, yes, I do believe our attendance is required in the madhouse that masquerades as our place of work. Dinosaurs won’t hunt themselves, you know, Quinn.”
“We haven’t had an anomaly for a week now. I’m getting bored just winding soldier boy up all day.”
Lester rolled his eyes. “Don’t tell me your love-affair with the ventilation shafts is finally coming to an end?”
Danny grinned. “I wouldn’t go that far, guv. I’m sure there are still some bits of the ARC left that I haven’t explored…”
“You’re a bloody menace. Now do something useful and get the croissants out while I see which organisation is trying to extort money with menaces from me today.”
Lester quickly shuffled through the post, consigning most of it to the recycling bin immediately but lingering longer over the contents of the handwritten envelope. With a barely-perceptible sigh, he pushed what looked to be an invitation of some sort back into the envelope and tucked it into the letter rack at one end of the kitchen work surface.
Danny was half-tempted to ask what it was, but didn’t like to pry. It was probably an invitation to some posh function or another, judging by the writing and the quick glimpse he’d caught of the contents. The sort of function that Lester had almost certainly attended with his ex-wife, the sort of function where turning up with a scruffy ex-copper in tow would go down about as well as a turd in a swimming pool.
Danny grabbed the oven gloves and removed a tray of warm croissants, doing his best to dispel the small pang of… something he couldn’t quite put a name to. He’d been seeing Lester for nearly four months now. Their relationship was an open secret in the ARC and had elicited little in the way of disapproval, although he knew they were almost certainly the subject of much gossip behind closed doors. He now spent more time in Lester’s house than he did in his own flat. His motorbike lived in the corner of Lester’s garage, his books were by the side of the bed, he had his own toothbrush and toiletries in the bathroom and his own space in the wardrobe, but there were times when he still felt like an intruder in Lester’s life.
Not that his lover ever gave him that impression. Lester seemed genuinely happy to share his personal space with Danny and had never made any attempt to hide or deny the fact that they were now together, but Danny still couldn’t shake off the feeling that shacking up with the hired help wasn’t exactly a career-enhancing move and that one day Lester would wake up to that fact. And then the distance would gradually creep in, accompanied by the sort of gradual cooling that Danny had experienced before in relationships, not that he’d actually had many that had gone beyond one-night stands, mind you, so this was actually something new. Something that, if Danny was honest with himself, he was really rather enjoying. Something that he didn’t particularly want to see come to an end.
“Penny for them, Quinn?” The question broke into his thoughts and Danny realised he was standing there like an idiot, with the heat from the tray seeping through the oven gloves, reminding him of his inattention.
Danny quickly slid the croissants onto a plat and dropped the tray onto top of the hob before he burnt himself.
“Just working out how to piss soldier boy off today,” he lied glibly.
If Lester was unconvinced by Danny’s reply, he gave no sign of it but Danny couldn’t help being conscious of the fact that Lester hadn’t seen fit to tell him what it was he’d been invited to, either. Nor did he mention it on the drive to work, but Danny knew that the contents of the envelope had unsettled his lover in some indefinable way.
* * * * *
Lester rapped his knuckles sharply on the conference room table, doing his best to silence the hum of conversation. “Ladies and gentlemen…”
A paper aeroplane sailed from one side of the room to the other indicating that, as usual, Connor was focussed on matters other than Lester’s monthly budget review.
“As you are aware, the new Home Secretary is taking an interest…”
Which was clearly more than Captain Becker was. The man appeared to be staring up at the ceiling, a slight frown furrowing his forehead.
Lester wondered what he needed to do to get people’s attention in meetings these days. Remove all his clothes and dance on the table, perhaps?
He cleared his throat ostentatiously. “In the current economic climate…”
A hollow noise that sounded suspiciously like laughter came from somewhere above them.
Lester resisted the urge to look up. He wouldn’t give anyone the satisfaction.
The sound of one of the ceiling tiles being prized up was loud in the silence that had descended on the room, and speaking of descents…
“Mr Quinn, how kind of you to join us… As I was just saying…”
Danny Quinn hung by his hands from the ceiling for a moment and then dropped onto the middle of the table, bouncing lightly on the balls of his feet before executing a perfect somersault onto the floor at the far end of the table. The table shuddered slightly but fortunately appeared able to weather the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune.
Becker glanced ostentatiously at the clock on the wall. “You’re late, Quinn, I was beginning to think you might have got stuck.”
Danny ostentatiously blew Becker a kiss. “I didn’t know you cared, soldier boy.”
“I don’t, and don’t call me…”
“Children!”
The word ricocheted from wall to wall, bouncing around the room like a round from one of Becker’s beloved guns. Five pairs of eyes turned expectantly in his direction and he saw money changing hands under the desk, confirming his suspicions that they were indeed running a betting pool on how long it would take him to raise his voice. He’d have to remember than one for next time.
Lester drew in a deep breath then exhaled slowly before starting again. “I have reviewed your expenses for the past…”
The sound of the Anomaly Detection Device drowned out what he had been about to say next and Lester watched in exasperation as the team made a disorderly dash for the door, boredom forgotten in the familiar rush of adrenaline.
He sighed theatrically. “I’ll just tell the Home Secretary to bugger the budget, shall I?”
* * * * *
As Danny approached the Lester’s office, he could hear the tone of voice Lester used when he was talking to his political lords and masters. It was careful, measured, giving away none of the irritation and frustration that he felt when dealing with people who cared more for outward appearance than substance, and were more concerned with budgets than with human life.
“Yes, Home Secretary, I can assure you that my team are fully aware of our immediate financial constraints but sadly, our recurrent visitors from the past are somewhat less accommodating on matters of the public purse…”
While Lester was talking on the telephone, Danny leaned against the door, his hair still damp from the shower he’d taken to rid himself of the duckweed acquired from an impromptu dip in the Serpentine. In response to Lester’s grimace at the telephone, Danny waggled his eyebrows comically and made a rude gesture with one hand.
“Absolutely, Home Secretary, my team leader is fully aware of the need to conserve taxpayers’ money…”
Danny’s speeded up the movement of his hand, making it abundantly clear what he thought of the need to wrangle dinosaurs on a shoestring. They needed more men, more effective weapons, better transport. You name it, they needed it. Since taking over leadership of the team, Danny was conscious of the fact that all they’d been able to do was fire-fight. They occupied an expensive building that was still half-empty as no one would give them the money for researchers, people who could maybe start to work out what the anomalies were all about and why they were happening. Danny was painfully aware of the fact that he was not a scientist like the late, lamented Nick Cutter, but even he knew that the anomalies should be studied properly, not just reacted to.
Connor Temple was a bright lad, but for all his knowledge of prehistoric creatures and computers, he wasn’t a physicist or an expert in magnetic fields or whatever they might need to get some real idea of what the hell was going on. But to bring in more people, they needed more money, and Lester was constantly having to fight just to preserve what they had, let to extract more, as his current conversation more than amply proved.
When Lester finally put the phone down he looked tired and Danny could see he had one of his headaches building. Danny glanced at his watch. It was 7pm and there was no way he was going to let Lester carry on working.
“Come on, guv. Time to go home. My stomach thinks my throat’s been cut.”
Lester glared at the phone. “I could think of some throats I wouldn’t mind cutting. I’ve got a report to finish, Danny. Don’t wait for me. You go home. I’ll see you in the morning.”
The addition of those last few words made something inside Danny turn cold. By home, Lester clearly meant Danny’s flat, not Lester’s house. Not the place he’d actually come to think of as home. He opened his mouth to protest, but shut it again before he could make a tit of himself. He wasn’t going to come over like a teenaged girl being dumped by her first boyfriend. If Lester wanted some space, he was entitled to it and Danny wouldn’t make things difficult.
The invitation – or whatever it was – had no doubt brought it home rather too forcibly to Lester that the circles he moved in would not welcome a ginger-haired ex-copper with a tendency to sound like an extra from Only Fools and Horses in their midst. Sir James Lester would do far better by himself if he took up with a nice 30-something who worked in an art gallery.
“Sure thing,” he said lightly. “Don’t work too late.”
But Lester’s attention was already focussed on the papers on his desk and Danny doubted his words had even been heard.
* * * * *
The headache pounding behind his temples hadn’t quite escalated into a migraine but Lester had to admit it wasn’t for lack of goading on his part. He’d worked on finance reports until well after 11pm and had half-considered spending the night in one of the bunkrooms but, if truth be told, he just wanted to snatch a few hours in his own bed, spooned up behind Danny, doing his best to forget the pressures of the day.
He pulled the car into the cobbled mews behind his tall townhouse and pressed the button on his key fob to activate the garage doors. As the automatic light came on and the doors opened outwards, the first thing Lester noticed was the lack of Danny’s motorbike in its accustomed corner.
It looked unpleasantly like Danny had decided – reasonably enough – to go back to his own flat for the night, probably sick of waiting up for him. The house seemed strangely empty without him, and Lester quickly realised that no one had actually been there since they’d both left that morning, so it looked like Danny had just gone straight home. Lester had been intending to make himself a sandwich from some left-over chicken in the fridge, but the unaccustomed emptiness that had greeted him like an old and distinctly unwelcome friend had done a very good job of killing his appetite and all he ended up doing was swallowing a couple of painkillers and going straight to bed, conscious of the fact that he would probably regret it in the morning.
The bed was cold. The book Danny had been reading the previous night was still open on the bedside table, spine carelessly bent in a way that had led to much debate about the proper way to treat books. Danny always contended they were simply inanimate objects, whereas Lester insisted on them being treated with what he considered proper respect.
Lester shed his clothes carelessly for once, too tired to bother hanging his suit up properly, and simply burrowed under the duvet, flicking off the light and doing his best to ignore the headache that had take up residence in his skull. Despite been bone-weary, sleep steadfastly refused to grant him any relief. Figures from innumerable spreadsheets danced in front of his eyes, competing for space in his brain with the latest demands from Whitehall for what they called further efficiencies, Government-speak for cuts.
By 3am, Lester felt like shit and was no nearer to getting any rest. If Danny had been there he would no doubt have found a way to bring Lester’s demons to bay, but he wasn’t, and Lester knew perfectly well that he only had himself to blame for that. He’d already replayed their last conversation in his mind and reached the inescapable conclusion that he’d been an idiot. By telling Danny that he’d see him in the morning, Lester had sent the wrong message entirely. He’d meant that he’d see Danny when they woke up together in bed. The words had been meant to signify, ‘Don’t wait up, darling, I’m going to be ridiculously late’, but had come out suggesting something entirely different, but Lester had been too bloody preoccupied with his conversation with the sodding Home Secretary to have chosen his words properly or wised up to what he’d done until it was too late. And now he was tossing and turning, unable to sleep and wanting nothing more than to pick up the phone and hear Danny’s voice telling him he’d been a wanker.
At 5.47am, Lester gave up the struggle for sleep and got up. The headache had been reduced to a dull throb somewhere at the back of his skull, but before he could take any more tablets, Lester knew he would have to eat something, so he may as well just get up, grab some toast and coffee and make his way back to the ARC before the traffic started to build up. A shower made him feel slightly more human and a thick slab of toast and butter, washed down with some fresh coffee, improved matters further. By 6.50, Lester was back at his desk, after earning himself some surprised looks from the guards on the main gates and the bored duty technician sitting in front of the ADD and reading a magazine that looked like it had come off a top shelf somewhere. The man quickly slipped it under the desk and gave Lester an overly-bright smile.
Lester had every intention of apologising to Danny as soon as his lover arrived at work. If he’d learnt anything from more years than he cared to remember of a deeply unsatisfactory marriage, he’d learnt that problems were better brought out into the open. He knew he should have told Danny what was bothering as soon as he’d opened that bloody envelope, but he hadn’t known how to broach the matter, not wanting to risk a brush off, and so he’d fallen back on the habits of a lifetime and had retreated into his work, wrapping it around him like Kevlar.
He really did have every good intention. But he was also very well-acquainted with that particular road to hell…
* * * * *
“I don’t think that went too badly, all things considered,” Danny said brightly.
“What part of the triceratops in St Paul’s Cathedral did you fail to notice, Danny?” Becker demanded.
“Lighten up, soldier boy, no one got hurt.” Danny was strongly tempted to ruffle Becker’s hair, but didn’t think he was likely to escape that particular gesture unscathed.
“Maybe there is something in this miracle lark after all,” Connor said quickly, cutting across Becker’s inevitable response. “I thought that vicar bloke was quite nice about it in the circumstances.”
You would have had to be even more insensitive than Danny not to have noticed Lester wince before declaring, “That vicar bloke – as you call him, Temple – was the Dean of St Pauls. Jenny is currently attempting to convince him not to press charges against the students responsible for today’s… prank.”
“That means you, sunshine,” Danny commented, ruffling Connor’s hair instead.
With the air of a long-suffering headmaster, Lester waved them all out of his office telling them he wanted their reports on his desk before any of them even considered going to the pub. Danny grinned as he headed off to his office. It was Friday afternoon and he fully intended to drag Lester out with them to their local hostelry, aka The Black Swan, to break the ice that seemed to have grown up between them over the last couple of weeks.
At 5pm, with the ARC’s staff already steaming for the main doors like a herd of migrating wildebeest, Danny emailed his report to Lester and prepared to close down his computer. Out of habit, he hit Send/Receive one final time and was surprised to find an out of office reply from Lester appear on his screen. With mounting incredulity, Danny checked his watch. 5.02pm. Lester never left his office that early, not even on a Friday. Danny grabbed his motorbike jacket and made for the door. Lester must have put the out of office on in case someone from the Home Office decided to hound him over their latest demands for costs savings. That line of reasoning took an abrupt dive off a cliff when Danny saw that Lester’s office was already in darkness.
Lorraine Wickes, Lester’s ever-efficient secretary, looked up when Danny appeared in the doorway and smiled at him, but Danny caught a quickly-concealed flash of surprise in her eyes.
“Not like the old bugger to leave on time,” he commented.
The surprise slid seamlessly into unease and Danny realised he’d just sent a very clear message to Lorraine that he and Lester hadn’t actually seen anything of each other outside work for quite some while. Lester had obviously left on time to go somewhere that Lorraine had clearly expected Danny to know about, and he’d just made it abundantly plain that he didn’t have a bloody clue what was going on.
“He only left a few moments ago,” Lorraine said quietly. “I saw him heading in the direction of the loo first, so you’ll probably catch him in the garage if you’re quick.”
Danny opened his mouth to say that he had no intention of chasing after Lester, what the man did in his own time was his business, but the look that he got from Lorraine made him bite back the words. He’d actually spent a fucking miserable couple of weeks trying to work out what the hell had gone wrong between him and Lester and frankly, he was bloody fed up with feeling like a love-sick teenager. If it was over, then it was bloody well over. But he wanted to hear it from the horse’s mouth.
On impulse, Danny turned on his heel and headed down the ramp, his long legs carrying him quickly into the indoor garage. Lester was just closing the boot of his car. The sound of Danny’s footsteps made him look up. He smiled almost regretfully and Danny was struck by how exhausted he looked, but in spite of that, the man still looked as immaculate as ever in his Savile Row suit, handmade Italian shoes, Hilditch and Key shirt and flamboyant silk tie. The tie that Danny had bought him for Christmas…
Whatever Danny had been intending to say died an abrupt death and he ended up running a hand through his hair, conscious of the fact that he was still grubby from their mad caper in the cathedral that morning, his teeshirt ripped and probably smelly, wearing jeans that had seen better days and a pair of scruffy trainers. He wasn’t a good catch by any definition, so it was hardly surprising Lester had decided to throw him back.
“Got a date somewhere, guv?” he said, falling back on the chirpy Cockney sparrow act that he had got used to using as a shield.
“The highlight of London’s social calendar,” Lester said heavily. “Lady Alice Wetherby’s soirée. An exquisite form of torture designed specifically for people who don’t eat their greens and refuse to give their staff time off to watch Royal Weddings.”
In spite of himself, Danny grinned. “You like greens, and the whole bloody lot of us were on high alert during the Royal Wedding, so you can’t be blamed for that.” He took a deep breath and said, as carelessly as he could, “Have a nice evening, James.”
Lester’s eyebrows shot up. “Quinn, I would rather pull my own teeth out with rusty pliers and stick slivers of bamboo under my fingernails as an encore. I met my bloody wife at one of those damned parties and the wretched woman will no doubt be there tonight as well, so I think my chances of having a nice evening are about as high as Captain Becker’s chances of winning the Nobel Peace Prize.”
With that, Lester turned away, yanking open the car door with unaccustomed force.
Caught wholly unawares by the vehemence of Lester’s speech, Danny forgot that he’d resolved just to walk away from this relationship the way he’d done with all the others. He closed the distance between them in two long strides and said quietly, but forcefully, “I’m sorry that I’m not the sort of bloke that you can take to a do like that, James, but do us all a favour and find yourself a nice girlfriend instead, someone that can make you happy. Someone that you can be seen in public with.” The words came out with more bitterness than Danny had expected and a sudden flush of embarrassment rose up his cheeks. Jesus Christ, now he really was acting like a complete prat.
He turned away sharply, only to find his arm caught in a surprisingly firm grip.
“Danny, what the fuck are you talking about?”
Embarrassment gave way to a flicker of anger. “It all went wrong the night that bloody invitation arrived, didn’t it, guv? That rather brought it home that I’m not exactly the sort you can take to a posh do…”
Lester’s eyes widened and Danny saw a flash of something that looked dangerously close to amusement mixed with… relief? Danny had just made a bloody idiot of himself, he knew he had, and his best course of action now was just to laugh the whole fucking thing off, join the others in the pub and get rat-arsed.
It wasn’t hard to twist out of Lester’s grip… but a moment later he was reminded rather forcibly that Lester had attended all manner of personal protection courses over a long and somewhat unusual career in the upper echelons of government as he found himself rather expertly flipped around and backed up against the side of Lester’s car.
“What do you take me for, Quinn?” The words were quietly spoken, but held an edge that would have made even the most reckless member of the Special Forces team think twice about challenging.
Danny sighed. “Someone who has quite sensibly decided that slumming it isn’t exactly a good career move.”
“And you’ve based that earth-shatteringly incorrect deduction on precisely what evidence, ex-Detective Constable Quinn?”
“On the fact that whatever we had went down the pan the morning that bloody invitation arrived.”
Danny was starting to sound peevish now and he knew it. He was already cursing the fact that he hadn’t just been able to leave well alone. Oh no, in typical Quinn fashion he’d had to start pushing until Lester had pushed back. And now he just wanted to put the whole thing back in a box, slam the lid shut and walk away, but from the look in Lester’s grey-green eyes, that wasn’t going to be an option, was it?
Lester drew in a long slow breath, held it for a moment and then exhaled equally slowly. “Danny, if we’re going to have our first lover’s tiff, do you think we could possibly have it somewhere more private than here? I know it’s a Friday, but the staff haven’t quite finished their lemming-like rush out of the doors, and Mrs Cooper has already spent the last few minutes pretending to look for her car keys. I’d hate to be responsible for providing a viable alternative to the horrors of karaoke.”
A quick glance over Lester’s shoulder revealed Marilyn Cooper, one of the telephonists, standing in front of her Peugeot 406, ostentatiously lining up the contents of her handbag on the roof, no doubt in the hope of being able to relate the entire conversation verbatim in the staff room on Monday morning.
A moment later the phase ‘our first lover’s tiff’ elbowed itself rudely to the forefront of Danny’s mind and proceeded to stamp all over his righteous anger. Danny might not have had the benefit of a university education, but he knew that the word ‘first’ rather implied that a ‘second’ lover’s tiff might be on the cards at some point, which also implied that whatever he and Lester had between them might not actually be over. Those four little words lined up in his brain, took a bow, and danced away, leaving him feeling uncomfortably like someone who had just managed to make himself took a total plonker.
“If the wind changes, your face will stick like that, Quinn,” Lester remarked. “Now get in, and we’ll talk about this at home. And after that, we will both do penance for our stupidity by attending that fucking soirée.”
* * * * *
As he put the car into reverse and backed out of the parking space, Lester was quite proud of the fact that he’d managed to put the key in the ignition without his hand shaking.
He even managed a regal wave in the direction of Marilyn Cooper, ignoring Danny’s mutter of, “Nosy old cow.”
The rest of the drive was accomplished in silence. Lester had more respect for his car than to even consider having a row whilst negotiating London traffic on a Friday evening. He also needed time to think. Casting his mind back over the past couple of weeks, it was all to easy to see how Danny had reached the conclusion that Lester had decided to finish with him without having the grace to actually mention the fact. Lester’s anger at being taken for a stuck-up arsehole was tempered by the knowledge that he actually spent quite a lot of his time deliberately acting like one, so he could hardly blame Danny for putting two and two together and making ten. Or maybe one hundred and ten, in this particular case, but that still wasn’t entirely the point, and he was damned if he was going to go down the route of deflecting his anger at himself onto Danny. He’d made that sort of mistake often enough in the past.
They maintained the same silence up the steps to the back door and into the house. By the time they reached the kitchen, Lester was fully expecting Danny’s anger to have reached boiling point again, so it was with a degree of surprise that he found himself being pulled into a bruising kiss instead.
When Danny had finished stealing his breath away, Lester pulled back slightly and looked up at him, his face deliberately devoid of its habitual mockery. “I’m sorry, Danny. I really am a stupidly insensitive fucker, aren’t I?”
One of Danny’s trademark lop-sided grins quirked his lips. “Yes, you probably are, and I’m a complete twat with a chip on his shoulder the size of a Giant Sequoia. Shall we call it quits and cut straight to the spectacular make-up sex?”
Lester cast a regretful look at the clock on the wall. “Not if we’re going to get to Alice Wetherby’s by eight o’clock.”
“You’re serious about this, aren’t you, James?”
It was Lester’s turn to grin. “Deadly serious, Danny boy. You are going to be introduced to the cream of London society as my significant other… you’re even going to get to meet my ex-wife. And after that, it’ll be entirely up to you to decide what happens next. But if I have any say in the matter, you’ll come home with me, unceremoniously divest me of my clothing and fuck my brains out. How does that sound?”
Danny pressed a surprisingly gentle kiss to his lips. “Bloody brilliant. Get yourself into your glad rags while I call a taxi. I presume the address is on the invite? We’ll need to swing past my flat on the way so I can get changed, so get your skates on, sweetheart.”
A flurry of activity worthy of the ARC’s rapid response teams at their best saw Lester showered and changed into evening dress in less than ten minutes, a time that Danny managed to beat by one minute 53 seconds precisely, and by dint of their taxi driver’s knowledge of some highly obscure and possibly even illegal central London short cuts, they arrived outside Lady Alice Wetherby’s imposing Georgian mansion in Belgravia at exactly eight o’clock. Fashionable lateness cut no ice in the Wetherby household.
Lester allowed himself a moment to savour the sight of Danny Quinn, resplendent in a white dinner jacket, black waistcoat and black bowtie. His lover’s trousers were perfectly creased and his shoes shone with polish. Danny ran a hand self-consciously over his carefully-slicked hair and gave Lester a slight smile.
“Well, do I pass muster?”
Lester smiled and, heedless of an audience that consisted of Lady Wetherby’s uniformed doorman, numerous guests and a woman walking an enormous pink poodle, he pulled Danny’s head down and gave him a light kiss on the mouth accompanied by just the barest hint of tongue. “You look bloody stunning.”
“You don’t look too bad yourself, guv,” Danny said, his eyes sparkling with barely-suppressed mischief.
Moments later, with a glass of vintage champagne in hand, Lester weaved his way expertly through the crowd in search of their hostess. Lady Alice was a beautiful woman in her early 80s, wearing an elegant plum-coloured silk evening dress with a matching pashmina shawl draped loosely around her shoulders. Lester had known her for 15 years and he always swore she didn’t look a day older than when he’d first met her. His intense dislike of her annual soirée owed more to the problems that had blighted the last few years of his marriage than it did to anything else, and as he kissed her lightly-powdered cheeks, Lester felt a pang of guilt over his ungracious words in the car park.
“Alice, it’s lovely to see you. May I introduce my partner, Danny Quinn?”
Alice Wetherby’s smile was both warm and genuine. “James, I can’t tell you how pleased I am for you.” Her sharp blue eyes gave Danny the once-over then she extended her hand, the twinkle in her eyes easily matching the one in his. “Meet me in the conservatory in an hour’s time and I’ll tell you all James’s deepest, darkest secrets, young man.”
“Does that mean I’ll get the ‘if you hurt him you’ll answer to me’ talk as well?” Danny asked with a wide smile as he gave a slight bow over her hand that contrived to be both elegant and charming.
“It most certainly does. I can see that we’re going to deal very well together,” their hostess declared before lowering her voice to a conspiratorial whisper. “James needed someone to bring him out of himself.”
Five minutes later, hidden from view behind an enormous potted palm, Danny demanded, “Well, did I pass the test?”
Lester laughed. “You do realise that she was serious about meeting you in the conservatory, don’t you? And yes, you passed the test. She likes you. Now, steel yourself. My ex-wife has just arrived and she appears to have the Honourable David Gleeson in tow. He’s totally charming, rich as Croesus and doesn’t have two brain cells to rub together, which is no doubt why Caroline likes him so much. By the way, she’s revered to her own name since the divorce, so it’s Barton, not Lester.”
* * * * *
As the evening wore on, Danny veered wildly between enjoying himself and wanting to find a quiet corner where he could pound his head repeatedly against the elegant wallpaper. The grilling Alice Wetherby had subjected him to in the conservatory – carried out with ruthless upper-class charm – had been one of the high points of the evening, but without a shadow of a doubt, the five minutes he’d spent making awkward small-talk with Lester’s ex-wife had been one of the low points. Another low point had been ten minutes of equally excruciating conversation with his former Chief Constable.
On the plus side, Alice Wetherby’s staff were attentive when it came to regularly dispensing more of the vintage champagne and the food was excellent. A positive army of waiters constantly carried around trays of some of the most delicious snacks Danny had ever tasted, and a large and well-stocked buffet provided more substantial fare.
He discovered quite quickly that it was not de rigueur for couples to remain together for too long during the course of the evening and in consequence he found himself talking to a constant procession of different people from theatre directors to government ministers, via actors, charity workers and numerous others he couldn’t even put a name to. He soon discovered that Lester was well-known to a large number of people, but even more surprising was the fact that most of them didn’t seem to bat an eyelid when they discovered the exact nature of Danny’s relationship with him, although he did over-hear the words ‘mid-life crisis’ rapidly followed by the equally-damning ‘bit of rough’ dripping from Caroline Barton’s fangs, punctuated by ripples of laughter from around her from some of the more obviously vacuous guests, although he was also conscious of the fact that the gibe made her boyfriend look distinctly uncomfortable, which was a point in his favour in Danny’s book.
An arm slid around his waist and Lester gave him a light hug. “Ignore her. She’s actually not as much of a bitch as she likes to make out, but I bring out the worst in her now, which is a shame, as I’d prefer to keep things civil for the sake of the kids.”
Danny nodded. He knew that the separation from his children had been difficult for Lester. He’d done his best to be a good father, despite the constant pressure of a series of jobs that he could never talk about at home, but the anomaly project had just been the final straw on an already over-burdened camel’s back and he’d missed one birthday party too many. Divorce papers hadn’t been far behind.
“Her boyfriend seems nice enough,” Danny said, after a rapid search for something suitably non-committal by way of reply.
“He hasn’t got a harmful bone in his body,” Lester said with a faintly rueful smile. “His family came over with William the Conqueror and successive generations have been charming their way through life ever since. The last brain cell died out at about the time of William and Mary, but as they own almost as much of the country as the Duke of Westminster, it obviously wasn’t any hindrance. The kids adore him,” he added quietly.
Danny slipped his hand into Lester’s and gave a reassuring squeeze. “Better than adoring a total bastard. At least he isn’t going to be dripping poison into their ears.” Danny tugged at Lester’s fingers and muttered, “I need a slash. Be a nice, helpful boyfriend and show me where the loo is. I went looking five minutes ago and I swear I ran into the Lost Tribe of Israel and Elvis Presley but I still didn’t find the bogs. This place is a bloody rabbit warren.” He was lying through his teeth, but he hoped Lester was too distracted to notice.
They made their way through the crowd thronging the ground floor to a wood-panelled door in a wide corridor. A discreet green dial signified that the room was unoccupied and before Lester had time to even let out a squawk of protest, Danny had opened the door, dragged him inside and locked it behind them.
They were in an immaculate anteroom tastefully decorated in ivory and pale green, with a gleaming white marble washbasin set on a black marble counter. A pile of fresh handtowels were folded neatly next to a large bowl of lavender flowers. An inner door led to what Danny presumed would be an equally impressive loo.
“Bloody ‘ell, you could move the party in here and still ‘ave room to spare,” Danny commented as he leaned back against the thick wooden door, blocking Lester’s escape route.
“If I’m not mistaken, that exactly what you have just done,” Lester replied acerbically, but the appraising look in his eyes as they travelled up and down Danny’s body was nowhere near as cool as his actual words. “You do realise that neither of our reputations are going to survive a tryst in a toilet, don’t you, Quinn?”
“Well, it’s hardly Hampstead Heath, guv,” Danny pointed out, slipping back into his self-appointed role as court jester. “Anyway, I haven’t got a reputation to lose, the Chief Constable made that perfectly plain.”
“The Chief Constable picks up rent boys in Soho and has done for years.”
Danny’s eyes widened. “You have got good sources. Apparently his only saving grace is that he pays well and doesn’t slap anyone around.”
“So I’ve been told,” Lester said, leaning back against the marble slab behind him. “But you didn’t drag me in here to talk about your ex-boss’s sexual proclivities, did you, Danny?”
“I wanted a slash, I told you.”
“Liar. I saw you coming out of here just before you snagged that last glass of champagne about ten minutes ago.”
Danny dropped a hand to his groin and palmed a rapidly-burgeoning erection. The sight of James Lester dressed to the nines had been dangerously close to giving him a hard-on since they’d left the flat two hours ago and the knowledge that his lover had been wholly complicit in Danny’s not very subtle subterfuge to get them alone together had just sent a jolt of adrenalin through his system.
Lester smiled and shifted position to spread his legs slightly as he opened the button on his dinner jacket and let it fall open to reveal his own erection tenting his trousers below the shiny black cummerbund around his waist. Danny pushed himself away from the door and went quickly to his knees at Lester’s feet, easing his lover’s zip down and freeing his hard cock from a pair of purple silk boxers.
“Nice,” Danny murmured appreciatively.
“My cock or my underwear?” Lester enquired.
Danny licked lightly over the swollen head. “Both, if you must know.”
Lester ran his hand through Danny’s hair, making it stand back up in its accustomed spikes. “Less chit-chat, dear boy, Alice’s remarkably fine champagne awaits us, and no doubt an orderly queue is already starting to form outside…”
“I thought you wanted me to fuck your brains out…”
“I do,” Lester conceded. “This is simply a small appetizer before the main course. But I hope that will take place back in the comfort of the bedroom. I fear my knees are no longer up to prolonged contact with hard surfaces.”
Danny sat back on his heels and looked up at Lester, not bothering to hide his amusement. “You’re not quite as repressed as you like to make out, are you, darling?”
“I can assure you that this is my very first sexual encounter in such circumstances, so I do hope you’re going to make it memorable.”
“It’ll be bloody memorable if I didn’t manage to lock that door properly,” Danny murmured, as he took Lester’s cock in hand and started to stroke it firmly from root to tip. “You’ll just have to make sure you come quietly.” As he swiped his tongue over Lester’s slit, Danny reflected on the fact that although Lester was now more open and demonstrative in bed that he had been, he was actually anything but a noisy lover, something that Danny was suddenly determined to change before the night was out. But even he had to acknowledge that the toilet in someone else’s mansion probably wasn’t the ideal spot to encourage Lester to me more vocal.
Danny wrapped his lips around Lester’s hard cock and slid down the shaft sucking and using his tongue in ways that he knew always drove his lover wild. Despite the time they’d been together, the novelty of blowjobs had nowhere near worn off and Danny was always more than happy to oblige. Lester’s cock slid over the roof of his mouth and although there was no way Danny would be able to deep-throat in this position his height did give him some advantages.
Danny pulled back far enough for a moment to murmur, “Pass me one of those towels, James. I don’t want a wet patch on these trousers and I don’t reckon you want my come all over yours, do you?”
“Romantic as ever, Quinn,” Lester chucked, reaching out and dropping one of the small, scented towels into Danny’s hand.
Danny’s own dick was already hard and leaking, and he used the moisture to slick the movements of his hand. This wasn’t going to take long for either of them. Lester ran his hands through Danny’s hair and was clearly doing his best – not entirely successfully – to stifle a moan. Danny grinned around his mouthful and redoubled his efforts. A moment later, thick salty fluid coated his tongue. Two quick strokes from Danny’s hand were enough to bring him off as he sucked the last drops from Lester’s cock, savouring the taste, something he knew Lester’s last boyfriend and his ex-wife had both disliked intensely. It had taken Danny quite some while to prevent Lester instinctively pulling back before his climax for that reason.
Danny enjoyed the fact that Lester now trusted him enough to come in his mouth without the slight but noticeable uncertainty that had originally been present during oral sex. He stood up, wiped his hands on the towel he’d used to prevent his own come staining Lester’s immaculate suit and tossed it accurately into the nearby wicker basket. He tucked himself away and watched in amusement as Lester fumbled with his own clothing, falling somewhat short of his usual neat efficiency. Danny leaned in and captured Lester’s lips in an open-mouthed kiss during which Lester shamelessly chased his own taste around Danny’s mouth with an agile tongue. Oh yes, Lester was definitely becoming less inhibited.
While his lover smoothed his hair back into place and made sure that he was fit to be seen in public, Danny quickly washed his hands and tamed his own hair. Once he was certain that no evidence of their activities had been left behind, he put a conspiratorial finger to his lips and made his way over to the door, listening for any footsteps in the corridor outside before opening the door, stepping out and finding himself face to face with the Honourable David Gleeson, his lover’s ex-wife’s current boyfriend, a description that was even more of a mouthful than the one he’d just had.
Danny gave a quick shake of his head and said quietly, “I can’t get the flush to work. You wouldn’t do me a favour and discreetly tip someone the wink while I stand guard, would you?”
As soon as the man had obligingly gone off in search of a member of staff, Danny signalled that the coast was clear and Lester slipped out into the empty corridor looking wholly unlike a man who’d just had his brains sucked out through his dick.
A few minutes later, glasses of champagne in hand, they were both back in circulation, although the look of good-natured amusement on David Gleeson’s handsome face did leave Danny wondering whether the man really was quite as clueless as Lester had made out.
* * * * *
“That was nowhere near as bad as I’d been expecting,” Danny said truthfully, as they settled into the back of the taxi just after midnight.
Lester rested his hand on his lover’s thigh. “Thank you for coming with me.”
Danny’s hand covered his and gave a slight squeeze. “You only had to ask, James.”
“I know, and I’m a bloody idiot,” Lester admitted. “But I’d come to associate Alice’s parties with the war-zone my marriage had become and I hadn’t realised quite how much baggage I’d been dragging around with me. I couldn’t imagine for a second that you’d want to get involved with that sort of scene and unfortunately, it rather goes with the territory so far as I’m concerned.” He stroked Danny’s fingers. “I’m not exactly much of a catch, Danny.”
Danny laughed. “You and me both, matey, so we’ll call it quits, shall we?” He leaned over and nipped Lester’s ear. “So, what happens next?”
“I gave you the choice, remember?” Lester said, doing his best to ignore the uncomfortable flutter in his stomach.
Danny appeared quite happy sucking his earlobe but eventually he murmured, “I do believe my cock is on a promise so far as your arse is concerned.”
Lester smiled contentedly. That was a promise he’d be very happy to honour.
Entry tags:
kink bingo, spike-centric
Pairing: Spike/Various (sort of)
Rating: NC-17
Summary: He longed to be free. Every night, the building would go quiet and dim and he was left behind, a wisp of vapor haunting an empty building.
A/N: Written for kink_bingo prompt sensory deprivation (touch) and tamingthemuse prompt #98-cubic.

It's agony. He thought he understood the nature of pain. Living, dying, chipped, soulled, and sacrificed; none of that even compared to being insubstantial. Part of the world yet completely unable to affect it, all Spike could do was watch.
He watched all of them: lovely Fred puttering around her lab; Angel sitting, dour-faced, at his desk. He spent an hour on Percy's hands once, admiring the tension of strong muscles pulled taut under tanned flesh.  He roamed over the vastness of Wolfram and Hart building, learning every cubic centimeter of his personal prison. Everywhere he looked, he saw people touching each other. Connecting in a real, physical way now denied to him.
Spike hated being denied. Hated to be in the world and not part of it. Wondered if this was his Hell, his penance for many lifetimes worth of evil.
If so, he was bloody impressed with the cleverness of it.  But he kept watching. And wanting.
Angel's hand, slick with spit, glided over his fat cock. Spike remembered that, remembered running his own fingers over the impressive girth and satiny skin. Remembered his mouth stretched around it, saliva running down his chin as he struggled take the whole thing down his throat. He wanted to take it now, to kneel down in front of his Sire and suck that sweet prick until Angel screamed his name.
Instead, he stood there as Angel came, panting and writhing as the jizz pumped out over his own hand.  He stood there and stared, envy roiling in his gut. He just wanted the to touch someone. Anyone.
Fred, perhaps, lovely little bit that she was. Her slender body, outlined in the mists of the shower, drew him like moth to a flame. Only he'd never be burned and oh, how he wanted to burn for her.
She ran her hands up over her breasts, pert mouthfuls that he ached to taste. Her fingers caressed the stiff peaks of her nipples, turning the candy pink buds a blushing red. Other busy fingers weaved their way through wet curls, teasing her swollen nub. He listened to her cries, and tried to imagine the taste of her sweet cunt exploding on his tongue, the weight of her breasts in his hands. Imaginings that only drove him mad with frustration.
He longed to be free. Every night, the building would go quiet and dim and he was left behind, a wisp of vapor haunting an empty building. Even after he'd learned to move things, to push them where he wanted them, he wasn't free. He still couldn't feel them.
Now here he is, a real boy again. Flesh and bone, solid, and real. But he doesn't quite feel real.
He tried, in the beginning, to touch everything. Hell, he'd even taken Harmony for a ride in those first few crazy minutes when the world rushed back into being. But he couldn't quite make it work properly.
Even his own hands felt wrong somehow; abrasive, on skin suddenly exquisitely sensitive to touch. The only time he could bear the agony was in the heat of the fight. The pain of bruises and cuts blazed, melting away the ice-cold pain of softer, gentler touches.
He smiled, eyes fixed on Angel.  They were both bloodied wrecks, and Spike luxuriated at having rough, fierce hands pummeling his flesh back into submission. The blood trickled down his cheek, drawing a soft sigh from his lips. As long as he had Angel about to give him what he needed, the rest would sort itself out eventually.
The Watcher
The crisp, clear night air hit Natsume’s face as soon as he slid the doors open and stepped out onto the small terrace of his new studio flat. Taking a deep breath in, he closed his eyes and listened to the quiet rustling of the autumn leaves as they floated, carried out by soft gusts of wind. He set his cold can of beer on the ground and looked around for a small stool, his hand wiping the remaining drops of rain off its surface. The band-aid on his forehead kept pulling at the skin, but he resisted touching it; just a simple flesh wound, the doctors had said, but he should keep it bandaged for at least another day. Already in his mid 40s, Natsume had been doing dangerous work as a detective for a little over a couple of decades now, and he often found himself brushing shoulders with death. He ran clammy fingers through his wavy hair instead, and thought about justice, and fighting for what is right, and keeping promises he had made to people he cherished.

It had been a while since he was the victim of a violent assault at work. He had been warned about the dangers, but he decided to follow his intuition and go after the suspect by himself. He gasped in surprise when his head collided with the cold concrete, a knife flashing blindingly at his throat. His heart beats sped up as if impatient to grasp onto life, terrified of leaving so many things unfinished. Too many… The last thing he remembered before passing out was a loud noise and the knife diverting from its trajectory, causing a ghostly cut just above his eyebrow. When he recovered consciousness, co-workers were hovering worriedly above his head, and the suspect was sitting on the ground across from him, wrists cuffed, body inexplicably bruised. The side of his face felt damp and sticky with blood, but an ambulance was supposed to arrive at any moment.

“Are you alright? Do you remember what happened?”

Natsume looked up and blinked against the sudden brightness. The sounds of his surroundings were getting louder in his ears, and his body began to feel the aches of the altercation.

“Bem-san,” he whispered shakily, head snapping to scrutinize his surroundings. He realized it was probably too late, but his eyes searched for invisible footprints and shadows, any indication of the 
    youkai
  ’s presence there.

He did not know whether the incident had been only a dream, or if he was still able to feel the blood pump in his vessels and to sit on his small terrace thanks to the intervention of the silver-haired creature.

The can of beer hissed under his fingers as he opened it and took a long, slow swig; the liquid felt like a cool caress slipping down his throat and it calmed his racing mind, if only for a minute. His eyes settled on the hazy moonlight above the trees, hiding behind heavy clouds. The neighborhood seemed enveloped in silence, but he welcomed it; in his field, privacy and quietness were privileges that he treasured. It had been a little over a year since he moved in by himself - after many years of a marriage that was challenged by tragedy and tribulations, he and Nahoko-san decided to part ways. There was no way to be gentle when telling the news to their daughter, but Yui-chan had been stronger than they expected; she allowed herself to cry, but she managed to pick herself up and announce that she didn’t want to leave her mother alone. He wouldn’t have wanted to take their daughter away from Nahoko anyway, not after what happened to Makoto.

Natsume got up on his feet and began pacing along the longitude of the balcony, his eyes examining the trees across from his building, branch by branch. Ears trying to pick up every muffled sound, heart jumping every time he thought he’d missed a shadow or the source of a noise. On the one hand, he knew that Bem, Bela and Belo had left the city years ago for fear of being recognized, but on the other hand, the incident at work had been identical to the many other times his life was saved by the 
    youkai.
   He rubbed his face in frustration and searched inside the pockets of his coat, right hand retrieving a small bar of chocolate. He opened the wrapper with shaky fingers and pushed the candy inside his mouth, tongue soaking into the bittersweet taste. Memories of times long gone were spilling over, of similar rainy nights where he held his umbrella above the silver-haired 
    youkai
  ’s head and shared chocolate bars with him. Glimpses of tears glistening on soft cheeks that made the air knot in his throat.

He hadn’t even noticed when fresh drops of rain began to draw dark spots on his coat. His hand reached to press over the fabric, as if to check whether he had been transported to a place where memories could materialize. But he was still outside his flat, and there was no one there beside him. He took one final look around before bending over to pick up his can of beer and heading inside. The air was stuffy and he left the terrace doors open, discarding his coat and abandoning it on a nearby chair. He dropped on his small bed with a huff, exhaustion starting to creep up his muscles. It felt good to stretch his back along the mattress. He bended an arm under his pillow, resting his gaze over veiny shapes on the blue ceiling.

The next time he became conscious of his surroundings, he was confused and disoriented, not knowing how much time had lapsed. His eyelids were heavy and his sight was clouded by lashes laden with sleep. As he blinked the haziness away, his eyes slowly focused on an opaque shadow that was blocking the moonlight, almost akin to an eclipse. The soft drapes were dancing with each gust of wind, intertwining with parted legs. Natsume sat up in a rush of panic, his breath coming out in short gasps as the shadow in front of him took the shape of a human being.

“I’m sorry for startling you,” a deep, quiet voice filled the room. “I didn’t mean to.”

Natsume got up on his feet, limbs tingling with anticipation. The human shape reached for the hat on its head, taking it off and offering a small bow. Glassy, circumspect eyes were staring right back at him. Natsume let out a relieved whimper, steps taking him closer.

“Bem-san…” his voice was barely above a whisper, but his smile reached the corner of his eyes and the 
    youkai 
  eased his tense shoulders.

“It has been a while.”

As Natsume’s eyes became more adjusted to the darkness, he could make out Bem’s features more clearly. Rough horns peeking out from underneath silver bangs, long lashes fanning out over pale cheeks, soft lips curling timidly under his searching gaze. Natsume stopped himself just before acting on the urge to touch the creature in front of him, just to make sure he was real.

“I knew it,” he breathed out, as Bem gave him a questioning look. “You saved my life. You were there when I was attacked earlier today.”

Bem’s eyes were diffident, but unequivocal. “I could not allow anything bad to happen to you.”

Natsume huffed an incredulous laugh and scratched at the back of his head. “You always do that… you always - I never know how to repay -”

“Natsume-san,”

Bem’s firm voice left the detective without further words, and he cleared his throat. Looking around, he began cleaning up the small table, gathering candy wrappers and unwashed coffee cups; anything to break  eye contact with the 
    youkai
  .

“I must apologize for this mess,” he laughed, “I am as useless as expected, especially when left to my own devices.”

Bem quietly followed each one of his moves.

“Please sit down, would you perhaps like a cup of tea?” Natsume had finished arranging cups and plates in the sink and he looked up with a hopeful expression.

Bem was staring right back at him and he hadn’t made a move. “I… showed up unannounced because I wanted to make sure your condition was good, I wouldn’t want to disturb your recovery.”

Natsume almost hit himself rushing to close the distance between them, and he placed a firm hand on Bem’s arm. “Not yet.”

Bem looked up, unable to hide the surprise in his eyes. “Natsume-san?” he whispered insecurely.

Natsume unclasped his grip on the 
    youkai
  ’s arm and looked up into his eyes. He exhaled a nervous laugh. “I’ve been waiting for you for so long, I can’t let you go now.”

Bem let out the breath he was holding and searched into Natsume’s gaze for clarification. “Waiting? Why? Did anything happen because of me?”

“
    Because 
  of you?” Natsume laughed and shook his head. “No, no. Please don’t assume the worst. I… well… the truth is that I’m not accustomed to being alone quite yet.”

Bem furrowed his eyebrows. “Is there anything wrong with Nao-san and Yui-chan? Is there anything I can do to help?”

“They’re fine, everyone is fine. It’s just that…” Natsume looked down with a wistful smile. “We decided that it would be best if we went our separate ways.”

Whatever the 
    youkai
   had been thinking of, this was the scenario that he least expected. “Oh,” he let out, failing to find a proper way to react to the news. His eyes wandered carefully over the detective’s face and he bowed his head very slightly. “I am sorry to hear that.”

Natsume drew a breath in and hesitated. He could hear the escalating beat of his heart drumming heavily inside his ears, chest tightening as he gathered every bit of adrenaline he could to be able to spell his thoughts into a sentence. “The truth is that I met someone who changed my entire worldview.” Bem’s eyes peered up at him curiously, and the detective continued. “Without even realizing, it came to a point where I couldn’t think of anything else. Of 
    anyone
   else. I was not the person I had known before - not anymore.” He ran his hand through his hair and huffed a humorless laugh. “I am irreparable after all, aren’t I.”

Bem shook his head with conviction, deep lines cutting through his eyebrows. “I am not judging - I have no right to. Only Natsume-san knows what is best for your own life. I will always support you.”

“You don’t understand,” the detective replied swiftly. “I should have been clearer… but it’s hard, with the way you’re staring at me.”

“I’m sorry.”

“No, no,” Natsume almost shrieked in frustration with himself. “It’s you. Bem-san, it’s you,” his chest heaved with the relief of being liberated by the weight of carefully hidden words.

The eyes looking back at him were guarded, but hopeful. “I’m afraid I don’t understand,” Bem whispered, jaw clenching with every word.

Natsume’s throat strained with a heavy gulp and he raised a hesitating hand, fingertips tracing the 
    youkai
  ’s stiff chin. Bem let out a sharp gasp, his skin tingling warmly under the detective’s fluttery touch. His glance was urging the other man to say more, but Natsume was silently focused on his parted lips, thumb tracing their outline. “I didn’t think I was capable of abandoning myself to such profound feelings at this stage of my life,” he answered with a hoarse voice, gaze finally rising to meet Bem’s. “I can’t seem to get you out of my mind, but one word from you and I will never speak of this again.”

Breath struggling to catch up with his heart beats, Bem’s panting became heavier under Natsume’s probing expression. “How… how is this possible,” his voice came out almost as a whine. “I’ve been taking comfort in the fact that Natsume-san is happy with his family. As long as Natsume-san is living a happy life, then everything is fine. I will be fine. I won’t be needed.”

“I need you,” the detective’s voice cut through the 
    youkai
  ’s train of thought. “I’ve been needing you ever since we met,” his other hand cupped the opposite side of the rigid jawline, “but it took me a while to realize it. I… I have never nurtured feelings for another man in my life.”

Bem’s eyes softened, lower eyelids quivering under the weight of accumulating tears. Taking a deep breath in, he raised a tentative palm and pressed over the back of Natsume’s hand. “I’m not a human being… so I don’t know if I am a man. I 
    look 
  like a man, from a human being’s point of view, but the truth is that I don’t feel like a sex or another.”

“Human being or not - if it’s Bem-san, that’s all that matters,” Natsume assured him with a steady voice.

Bem’s tears flowed slowly along his cheekbones, accompanied by a long and shaky breath, and his lips curled into a relieved smile. Natsume stepped closer and pressed his forehead against the silver-haired 
    youkai
  , the two of them breathing into the other’s scent. His hands softly turned Bem’s face to one side, and his lips began following the trace left by the teardrop, opening against his jawline and soothing the tension. He let one hand slip to the back of his neck and he tangled the other hand into his hair, fingers untying the knot and letting silver strands flow freely over his back.

Bem closed his eyes with a sigh and leaned into the detective’s comforting grasp. Natsume’s movements gradually became urgent, lips kissing and nibbling at the soft skin of Bem’s ear lobe, hands cupping his head as he let it fall back. Lips kept caressing the skin, crossing his neck to rest upon his chin. Bem lowered his head to stare into his eyes, enticing and almost daring. It was everything Natsume needed to meet his lips for the first time, slow and soothing, as if wanting to memorize their texture and hold it close to his heart.

He continued to sense hesitation and strain in the 
    youkai
  ’s demeanour, but the hands entwining at the back of his head assured him that it was merely because it was all very new to him. Natsume angled his head and deepened the kiss, his stomach prickling at the noise of Bem’s involuntary moan. His right hand untangled the loose scarf around the 
    youkai’
  s neck, letting it fall soundlessly to the floor, as his left hand undid the button to the blazer. At the back of his mind, he worried about going too fast and making Bem uncomfortable, but he felt his back arching, chest almost brushing his own, and he allowed his hands to slide under the blazer and feel the muscles tense under his palms.

He broke the kiss and gave Bem a questioning look; the 
    youkai
  ’s eyes were clouded under heavy eyelashes, meeting the detective’s gaze very briefly before falling back to his lips. Natsume’s impatient moan was almost foreign to his own ears, but he paid no mind as he almost yanked the blazer off Bem’s shoulders, letting it fall next to the scarf. Their lips met again, this time with added resolution, and Natsume’s fingers were twisting at the hem of the 
    youkai
  ’s shirt, grabbing fistfuls of fabric and sliding upwards along the torso.

Bem’s hands were grabbing and scratching at his shoulders, thumbs brushing fleetingly over the veins of his neck. Natsume jumped at the sensation, breaking the kiss and leaning his forehead against the 
    youkai
  ’s. Taking a deep breath in, he took Bem’s shirt off in one swift move and grabbed his bare waist in a strong grasp. Bem hissed and stumbled backwards until he hit the table and he propped himself up against it. Natsume pressed his body over his, hands sliding up his sides, breaths mingling in hurried gasps.

Natsume bit softly at Bem’s chin, lips sliding down his throat, breath hovering over collar bones before he began placing slow, open mouthed kisses along the center of his chest. As his mouth traveled lower along the quivering stomach, he let himself fall on his knees, fingers hooking in the waistband of his pants. He noticed white knuckles grabbing the table with all of their force, and he let his eyes travel up the pale arms, to the hungry face looking down at him, white teeth biting down the lower lip. Silver strands brushing broad shoulders, chest rising and falling, skin glistening with every trace left by his lips.

Their eyes were locked into a mutual urge, both of them daring the other to take it further. Natsume took the clothed bulge into his mouth, causing Bem’s back to arch over the table.

“Natsume-san,” he growled as Natsume’s hands joined his mouth, opening and closing over the swelling, and Bem buried his fingers at the back of the detective’s head.

Natsume pulled away and gave Bem one final look before yanking the pants to his knees, slithering them slowly to his ankles. He looked up at strong, tense thighs joined by a narrow waist, stomach dipping with arousal. He was hard, and the detective unconsciously moved his hips in a short thrust.

Natsume slid hot, damp palms up Bem’s thighs. “I have never done anything like this before.”

“Neither have I,” Bem replied between pants, a small smile playing over his lips, “but as long as it’s Natsume-san, that is enough.”

Natsume huffed a shaky breath and bit at Bem’s thigh as his hands reached up and grabbed his hips. Kisses traveled up until he took the soft sack into his mouth, lips pulling lightly at the skin. He closed his eyes and nuzzled against him, breathing in and wrapping a hand around the base. He began stroking languidly, encouraged by the 
    youkai
  ’s slight jerks forward. Tentative licks at the tip were timed with each tug of his hand.

“I’m not sure what I’m feeling,” Bem let out with a hasty voice, “all I know is that I don’t want it to stop.”

Natsume rose up to his feet and nuzzled his nose against the 
    youkai’
  s, arms going around the small waist. He felt Bem’s bare body fall against his clothed one, and he let a moan escape his lips at the feeling.

“My clothes are starting to stick to my skin,” he laughed softly, and Bem smiled.
Natsume looked at him tentatively. “Do you want to do anything about it?”

“Is that ok?”

“I don’t want to waste one more minute without feeling your skin against mine.”

Bem’s smile disappeared as he let his eyes drop to the detective’s lips, hands wandering up his torso until prodding fingers began to brush over the buttons of his shirt, opening them one by one.

“Please touch me,” Natsume pleaded, and Bem felt encouraged to drop his shirt over the shoulders, palms reaching timidly for the freshly exposed skin.

As his fingers traveled down towards the detective’s belt, Bem buried his face behind his ear, still uneasy about being given the initiative. He felt Natsume’s hand grabbing the hair at the back of his head, a slight thrust of the hips urging him to continue. With the rest of the fabric out of the way, Natsume stepped out of his pants and cupped Bem’s face, pressing bare body over bare body, hips pushing lazily against each other. Natsume initiated another slow kiss, tongue probing gently over the 
    youkai
  ’s lips until it slipped past his teeth.

“Come with me,” the detective whispered into Bem’s mouth, glowing eyes beckoning towards the narrow, disheveled bed.

Bem lied down first, silver hair fanning out over the pillow, arms bent up and hands touching faintly just above his head. Natsume stood next to the bed, gaze taking in the light blue gleam that enveloped the 
    youkai
  ’s body, sharp cheekbones framed by shadows, parted lips barely controlling shallow breath. Bem bent his leg, knee brushing over Natsume’s just barely; Natsume gasped and ran a palm down the inside of the 
    youkai
  ’s thigh, causing him to arch his back on the bed. He finally kneeled down between his legs, body sliding up to take a nipple into his mouth. He heard a sharp hiss and felt Bem’s arousal push up into his stomach, the heat drawing an unbridled moan out of both of their mouths. Natsume’s lips moved towards Bem’s collarbones, sucking into the hollow of his neck, tongue fluttering mildly over his chin until they were face to face once again, breathing into each other and joining their heaving chests together.

“This is embarrassing to admit,” Natsume whispered, his lips ghosting over Bem’s as he spoke, “but I’m really nervous about this.”

Bem tensed slightly and widened his eyes. “Should we stop?”

“What? No! Absolutely not. I’ve been waiting for this… imagining this… for too long.”

Bem’s lips curled into a relieved, shy smile. “Me too… for longer than you have.”

Natsume released the breath he was holding and cupped the 
    youkai
  ’s cheek with a contended laugh, legs tangling together. “It’s just that I’m afraid of embarrassing myself,” he admitted, thumb drawing shapes around Bem’s lips. “I haven’t done anything like this and I want to be perfect for you.”

“Natsume-san,”

“I want to be perfect because 
    you 
  are perfect and - I don’t know what I did to deserve you but -”

“Natsume-san,” Bem repeated, sternly. This time, he was the one to initiate a kiss, taking the detective by surprise with its firmness.

Natsume grabbed onto his hips, fingers digging into the skin as if loosening their grip would cause the 
    youkai
   to disappear from under his weight.

“I don’t want to hurt you,” he murmured, voice coarse as if the kiss had consummated all of his energy.

“You can’t,” Bem whispered, “you’re here with me. That’s all I need to be strong.”

“I love you, Bem.”

Natsume hadn’t even thought of voicing his feelings in such a way, but having Bem so close to him for the first time after years of quelling the thoughts that he considered inappropriate, slowly embracing them and giving up on running from the truth, he felt as though he had finally given himself the permission to be overwhelmed with contentment. He slipped out of Bem’s arms and brushed down his body, fleeting kisses leaving a moist trail from chest to navel, and Bem spread his legs to accommodate him. He gave a slight jolt as Natsume’s fingers scratched lightly at his thighs, taking him into his mouth and flicking his tongue over the tip. Bem straightened his back and lifted tense arms to grab onto the headboard as Natsume moved further down and pressed an open mouthed kiss against his entrance.

“Natsume-san,” he hissed, but the detective merely slipped a finger in, eyes rising to meet his own.

“Are there any barriers left between us for you to keep calling me that?” he asked, a playful smile lighting up his features.

“Natsume,” Bem reiterated breathlessly, “I don’t know how I may react. I usually am unable to handle any intense emotions and -”

“Bem,” the detective interrupted and pressed a light kiss to his thigh, “even if you switch forms, I won’t mind. I will still love you.”

Bem stayed quiet, but his chest was rising and falling, expanding and contracting like autumn leaves against the breeze, a teardrop slipping past the corner of his eye, falling and nestling between silver hair strands. Natsume crawled up his body and captured his lips, swallowing Bem’s gasp as his fingers kept moving in and out, slipping deeper with each thrust, until he started feeling Bem’s hips moving to meet him halfway.

Natsume supported his weight on his knees and lined himself up, pressing a reassuring kiss against Bem’s forehead, mouth moving to caress the harsher surface of both horns. Bem closed his eyes and buried his fingers into the detective’s damp hair, nails pulling lightly at the skin. Natsume pushed in slowly and both of them made a choked sound at the heat and tightness. They stayed that way for a little while, Natsume’s nose nuzzling into Bem’s soft, warm cheek, before the detective began rolling his hips slowly. They fell into a steady rhythm, Natsume feeling Bem’s feet brushing over the back of his thighs, toes curling and making his skin tingle at the sensation. There was a familiar knot twisting and turning at the base of his stomach and he grunted, hips speeding up in their movement. Bem let out a sudden moan and threw his head back, causing Natsume to chase after his lips and envelop them into a sloppy, wet kiss. Tongues met and teeth scraped and tugged at flesh, moans becoming louder until they couldn’t hear them over the blood pumping into their ears. Bem slipped a hand down his body, fingers curling around himself, wrist attempting to keep up with the speed of the thrusting. Natsume propped himself on his hands, the image of Bem stroking himself sending chills down his spine and he dropped his forehead against Bem’s, damp bangs sticking to his skin. He could tell Bem was very close, so he sped up and slid an arm under Bem’s waist as he arched his back and spilled over his palm with a sharp grunt. Natsume groaned and dug his teeth into the side of Bem’s neck, thrusting fast and strong until he stilled, buried deep inside. The waves were so intense and overpowering, that his knees gave out under him and he ended up dropping and covering Bem’s body with his own, head buried into the side of his head, lips grazing over Bem’s ear lobe.

Natsume’s body was buzzing, nerve endings sensitive and tingling in aftershocks, every slight brush over Bem’s skin sending shivers down his limbs. He felt the 
    youkai
  ’s arms enveloping him, fingertips drawing shapes on the surface of his back, and Natsume thought this was the safest he'd ever felt in his life. His muscles began to relax and he closed his eyes, his senses focusing on the feeling of Bem's body in the tight hold, listening to the slowing rhythm of his breathing.

“I didn’t switch.”

Bem’s low, guttural voice woke Natsume from a comfortable state of semi consciousness, and he raised his head to look into his eyes. Bem was watching him back, a delighted glint lighting up his features. Natsume let out an elated laugh and brought his hand up to trace the sharpness of Bem’s jaw.

“This is the most human I’ve ever felt,” he added, voice shaking with gathering tears, and Natsume silenced his sob with his mouth, gentle lips caressing and spreading warmth.

A jittery knot clenched and pulled at Natsume’s chest, flashes of a life without Bem passing before his eyes, and he tightened his hold on the 
    youkai
  , not wanting to let go of him again. Sensing the change in the detective’s body language, Bem cupped the back of his head and sealed his lips against his forehead, warm breath tickling at the skin.

“Don’t let go of me,” Natsume’s voice came out whinier than he intended, but he felt Bem’s lips stretching into a bittersweet smile.

“Don’t be afraid,” Bem’s voice was warm and reassuring, yet it only filled Natsume with longing and hopelessness. “You will never be alone. Rest now, and I will guard your sleep.”

Natsume squeezed his eyes shut and nuzzled his face in the hollow of Bem’s neck, lungs expanding and attempting to fill in with the smell of his body. His fingers intertwined with long, soft strands of hair, and he pressed his ear to Bem’s chest, steady heart beats lulling him into a dreamless sleep.

When he woke up, the room was steadily lighting up in a hazy, early morning glow, and Bem was standing next to the table, fingers tying his scarf in a loose knot. As he reached for his hat, Natsume sat up in a frenzy, throwing the covers off him and standing to press Bem’s back to his chest, arms coming around in a tight grasp.

Bem smiled and covered the detective’s hands with his own. “I intended to wake you up before I left, but you beat me to it.”

“Stay,” Natsume replied decidedly, face pressed into the back of Bem’s head. The 
    youkai
  ’s hair was tied back again, and the detective missed the feel of it under his fingers.

Bem turned around in his arms, hands coming up to cup his face in a warm clasp, lips pressing against his. Natsume took a deep breath in and deepened the kiss, hands taking fistfuls of Bem’s shirt. The 
    youkai
   was the first to break the kiss, thumb caressing the detective’s bottom lip.

“You know I can’t,” he whispered, eyebrows curling into a consoling frown. “But I promise that I will come back to you, and I will watch you from afar. Nothing and no one will cause you any harm as long as you are under my protection.”

Natsume looked up, hopeful eyes searching into Bem’s earnest gaze. “You promise? That you will come back to me?”

Bem’s lips disappeared under his teeth as a fleeting grin bedecked his face. “I promise.”

“Because if you don’t, I will - I will look for you everywhere, and I will find you, and I will be unforgiving.” Natsume’s words stumbled out of his mouth clumsily, and Bem huffed an amused laugh.

“I wouldn’t want that,” he assured the detective, making him smile.

They took a long look at each other, neither willing to let go just yet. But the night they had shared was real, and it was  becoming a memory that would never be dissolved. Bem brought his hands to the knot of his scarf, undoing it and unwrapping it from around his neck. He spread the garment over Natsume’s shoulders, hands smoothing the fabric over his skin.

“You don’t want to catch a cold,” Bem smirked at the curious look on the detective’s face.

“I’ll put clothes on, but -”

“Keep the scarf somewhere safe. I will come back for it later.”

Natsume grazed his fingers over the item, lips spreading into a wide grin. “Understood.”

Bem leaned in and pressed a final, firm kiss against Natsume’s lips before grabbing his hat and placing it on his head. “Until next time,” he murmured, backing towards the doors of the balcony.

Natsume bit his lower lip, eyes roaming over the 
    youkai
  ’s silhouette and taking him in before he disappeared.

“Until next time.”

They Don't Teach You That at Quantico by Blue Mohairbear
TITLE: They don't teach you that at Quantico
CLASSIFICATION: XF - PWP
PAIRING: The most georgous ones &lt;g&gt;
AUTHOR: Blue Mohairbear
E-MAIL:  or 
ARCHIVING: I don't see why you would want this, but take it and let me know
SPOILER WARNING:  None
RATING: NC-17, definitely! Explicit hot sex between men that would have made Edgar J. *really* envious
CONTENT WARNING: My Alex has *two* arms because he's going to need them. Really.
SUMMARY: Mulder is taught a new method of interrogation
DISCLAIMER: Oh come on, blonde handsome, let me keep them over the weekend, ok?
This is the second challenge between Jadzia and me (love you, Baby!!!). She took full revenge for my former sauna challenge. My very first time to write Alex!!! Hope you enjoy! Let me know under  or 
Oh yes... I really, really tried to write non-schmoop this time. I didn't succeed - seems to be in my genes. No, I'm *not* sorry!
********************************************
They don't teach you that at Quantico
by Blue Mohairbear
Jan. 20th, 99
********************************************
The call came at five.
"In my office in ten minutes, Agent Mulder."
Another after-official-hours-meeting in Skinner's office. He sighed. Not that he had any plans for tonight anyway. He wondered what he had done now, he didn't feel he was in any way to blame, the paperwork from his last case had been cleared already and he hadn't had enough time to mess up anything new. At least not as far as he could  tell, but you never knew with Skinner.
When he arrived at the AD's office, he met Skinner in the door.
"I'll be back in a few minutes, Agent Mulder. Please wait here for me."
"Yes, sir." He entered Skinner's room, closed the door. His gaze fell instantly on an opened manila envelope on the desk, pictures strewn about. He spotted a vaguely familiar face on one of them, and a big van he had seen somewhere -
"Are you always distracted that easily? You could be dead now if I were the Big Bad Guy."
His head jerked around, his jaw dropped.
" ... Alex...?!"
The stunningly beautiful figure leaning at Skinner's desk grinned broadly. Mulder just stood there, drinking in the sight. Dressed in black jeans, black shirt, black boots and his usual leather jacket, Alex Krycek looked dangerous as well as absolutely edible.
"You want to just stare at me for the next week, or kiss me?"
Mulder shook himself out of his trance and in a few strides was at the desk, yanking the young man into his arms.
"God, Alex - what are you doing here? I - hmpf."
Alex just grabbed his neck and kissed him. A hot, feverish, starved kiss, an almost agressive tongue invading his mouth, pushing, shoving, circling, sucking.
"Hey, big agent, I missed you." Husky voice, green eyes almost slits. Wet luscious lips. Ragged breath. So beautiful.
"Oh baby... I missed you too...  Alex, where have you been? It's been four weeks, I was terrified... And why are you *here*, dammit? Did *you* bring that file?"
A new kiss stopped his incoherent babbling. Firm slender hands stroked down his back, grabbed his ass and shoved him against a stone hard erection. He moaned, startled at his own sound and looked over to the door. A hand seized his head and turned it back.
"Don't worry - Skinner has been called to the Director, he will be gone long enough..." Hot, greedy kiss, fiery tongue trailing over his cheeks, throat, neck. A skilful hand pulled his zipper down, slid into his pants and boxers and stroked his swollen cock. He groaned into Alex' mouth, bucked into the fist and dug his fingers blindly into black leather. Then something dawned on him.
"Long enough for what?"
"Fuck me." Panting, hoarsely.
"What?!"
"Fuck me. I want your cock up my ass. Now." Green eyes stared into his, blazing with lust. Mulder felt himself drawn into an emerald abyss, a vortex that swallowed him and spit him out onto another world. A world where only his raging hard cock existed and Alex' hot, tight ass and -
"Skinner." He needed all his strength to remember *where* they were.
"Alex - we can go to my place after this and then I'll fuck you-"
He was silenced again with a kiss that blew his reason to pieces and left only bare nerve-endings shooting high-voltage electricity throughout his body. He heard the sound of buttons being opened, then with a quick movement Alex shoved his jeans down and turned around, resting his forearms on Skinner's desk, offering Mulder the most enticing ass he had ever seen. As always, that sight let his brains evaporate. Blindly, he fumbled his cock out.
"Oh god..... Alex...."
"Come *on*." A hand reached back, grabbed his cock and urged it to the hot opening between the cute muscular buttocks. Alex braced himself on the desk.
"Ooohhh baby-" The head of his cock was so wet he easily slid into that incredibly tight and hot tunnel.
"Ah - yesss!" A sharp, feline hiss, ass bucking against his groin, shoving his cock deeper. Mulder almost lost it before he could even begin thrusting.
"Alex... god, Alex, stop that... I'm so close already, baby, I'm so close..."
"Yeah, me too.... come on, Fox, fuck me, *hard*!"
He pulled back, almost out, and steadied his grip on his lover's hips, ready for a powerful thrust.
"An interesting method of interrogation, Agent Mulder."
The two men froze. Reality slapped ice-cold into Mulder's face, pure terror flooded through his veins. Had he been a child, he would have wet his pants now. Wild, disjointed thoughts and pictures swirled through his shocked brain as he heard the faint click of the door lock, then quick steps and then his boss' deep growl in his ear.
"I didn't know they taught you *that* in Quantico. No! - don't move, you two. Stay as you are."
Incredibly, Fox felt his softened cock harden again as he sensed Skinner so close behind him. Alex' body began to shake slightly - from shock, Fox thought frantically - until he realized that his lover was trying to suppress laughter, his face buried in his forearms. Incredulously he stared at the trembling back that was still connected to his own groin.
"Good to see at least one of you hasn't lost his sense of humor. But I think what you need is a lesson in how to interrogate a suspect in a way that will make him tell you *anything* afterwards, Mulder."
The deep gruff voice sent violent shudders through Mulder's body. A strong, secure pair of hands slid around his waist, unbuckled his belt and opened the button. His pants fell down to his ankles.  His boxers followed. He could smell his boss now, the familiar aftershave mixed with a unique, very manly scent that was incredibly arousing. He heard the sound of a zipper and felt something hard and hot stroking his buttocks. Something *big*, hard and hot. He swallowed.
"Don't worry. I won't hurt you." A strong hand pressed softly between his shoulders, urging him to lean forward over Alex' back, and held him there. A wet finger stroked his ass, slid slowly into him. Involuntarily, he groaned and pushed back against the finger.
"No. Hold still. Don't move."
Shocked, Mulder realized that this bizarre scenario - no, that his *boss* - was a major turn-on for him. As the big cock pushed very slowly into him while the big hand held him gently but firmly down, he whimpered into Alex' back and bit hard into the leather to prevent himself from coming on the spot. Skinner sensed it.
"Don't come until I tell you to. The boy first, then you."
The "boy" moaned, then giggled.
"You heard your boss, Fox. Obey an order once in your life and *fuck* me, dammit!"
"I strongly support this point of view, Mulder. Obey me." And with this, Skinner grabbed Mulder's hips, pulled him close to himself and then pushed them both forward together. Alex cried out and tried to get a grip on the desk. Mulder groaned helplessly, already reduced to begging. Being in the middle of this was a mindblowing sensation, it seemed to swallow him completely.
"Sir - I can't hold it... please..."
Skinner stopped. One hand slid around to Mulder's chest. He pulled him up and whispered roughly, breathing into his agent's ear:
"Tell me how it feels to have me in you."
Alex whimpered. He reached down to his swollen erection that dripped with precum, but one low warning sound from Skinner stopped him. With a small moan Mulder let his head fall back on his boss' shoulder. He licked his lips.
"Tell me, Mulder." Husky murmur, warm breath on his throat.
"It feels... ah... so good... so big... hot... gods, sir, please..."
Ragged groan from Alex again. The sight of Fox fucking him and at the same time being fucked by Skinner drove him crazy.
"If you don't mind, you two - I'm dying here..."
"You like it?" Skinner, growling into Mulder's ear.
"Yeah... oh *yeah*..."
"Good." And with a hard thrust Skinner shoved him forward again, impaling him deeply and hitting his prostate with a shattering intensity, pushing him deep into Alex. The beautiful Russian gave a mewing cry, burying his fingers into a pile of files, and came hard, spurting his semen against the desk and on the floor.
Skinner yanked Mulder back against his chest and hissed: "Now."
Feeling Alex contracting around his cock had Mulder already more than halfway there, now the sound of Skinner's voice pushed him completely over the edge. He grabbed Alex' jacket with a yell and let himself be milked and transported on a silverblue wave of pure bliss. Another wave hit the first one when he felt Skinner's arms tighten around his hips and chest and a hot pulsating stream being shot deeply into him. He swayed back against his boss, felt himself steadied against a broad heaving chest and tried not to faint. This had been the most arousing experience of his life, and he didn't want to go back to reality too soon. Just a few moments more in these strong arms *and* having Alex near him, feeling him under his hands. This was a perfect world. Great.
To his surprise, he felt an intense kiss on his temple as Skinner slowly drew away. Alex sighed and awkwardly straightened up, for once at a loss for a smartass remark, as all three of them rearranged their clothing. Then he shook his head and giggled.
Skinner raised an eyebrow, looking amused. For a moment he touched the young man's cheek.
"What is it?" Gruffly.
Alex shook his head again.
"I'm just asking myself why on earth I left the Bureau. I didn't remember working here was *such* fun."
Mulder slapped him with a file.
***THE END***
Note: Jadzia wrote me in her challenge: "Okay, I want Fox and Alex on Walter's desk, with or without Walter."  I decided to write it without Walter because I haven't written Alex before and knew that alone would be difficult enough for me, being a devoted Skinnergurrl. So I put my usual Schmoop!Walter into the closet and started with Fox and Alex alone. But you know Skinner - if that man *wants* something he gets it... at least from me *BG*.  He walked in, took over and here I was, struggling with a threesome. That man has a way to top me that always leaves me speechless but I guess that's why I love him so much. *Sigh*
There is snow outside, piling against the car and Gabriel loves the challenge driving presents. Loves that he can blank his mind and focus on reacting as opposed to tangent thought. His breath is fogging the window because he can't stand to have the heater running, burning his eyes and his lips. So the car is frigid cold and he just wants to get to Rob's before evening, to get to peace and quiet.
The people living in the apartment below him have family over. Loud, obnoxious teenagers with loud, obnoxious thoughts that won't let him get a moment's rest. The infant next door has discovered the joys of banging cookware. The poodle two doors down is in heat. All excuses mainly, but they are what he tells himself he needs to escape, even if Rob wishes he didn't need to make up troubles to approach his home.
But it's what Gabriel needs to do, because he can't admit that he needs Rob for the sake of needing. That he wants to watch his best friend laugh, because it makes him feel alive.
His tires slip in the ice, and he realizes his mind is wandering, a dangerous thing considering Rob has no idea he's on his way over. If Golden Boy knew he was willingly driving in the middle of a snowstorm… Well, Gabriel was hoping he'd be so happy that he made it home safe, Rob will overlook the stupidity. But the weather channel is calling for heavier snows tomorrow, and quite frankly, Gabriel can't stand the thought of staying in his little box, surrounded by noise.
Finally, the mailbox is in sight, just barely. The thing is huge, yet almost covered in a tall drift that looks man-made. This, Gabriel has not taken into account. Highway maintenance probably plowed the drive, and Rob's car is nowhere to be seen. Which meant he's most likely on-call at the hospital.
There are size 13 boot prints leading away from the house, the compressed snow within them already turned to ice and filled in. He knows there's ice, because every other step he slips, and so he wades through the knee-high accumulation unsteadily.
The foyer is frigid cold from the biting snow outside, the metal front door conducting it's chill quite nicely. Gabriel wonders if he should make a fire or something domestic and cozy, then he and Rob can have their own little Norman Rockwell scene when the healer gets home. If he gets home.
His fingers are chapped and burning with the return of warmth, and he realizes he's standing blankly in Rob's foyer, staring at the painting Kaitlyn hung there so proudly, and gripping the key Rob gave him so tightly with his hand. His hand that might peel apart from the pressure. He has an image of the dry and crackled flesh splitting, and for a moment his hand tingles.
Coffee. Coffee or maybe hot chocolate because he loves the taste of bittersweet cocoa rolling on his tongue, and Rob knows this, so keeps the house well stocked. The house has its own generator, so any power outages won't keep him from his chocolate.
He leaves his coat in a soggy pile at the base of the coat rack. Rob will bitch about his hardwood floors later, but oh well. When his shoes reveal themselves to be too slippery on the kitchen linoleum, he leaves those next to the stove, grimacing as the puddles soak into his socks.
Rob had a cat once. A scruffy old tom that would twine around your legs every time you entered the kitchen, "just wanting attention," according to Rob. Gabriel was pretty sure the cat knew exactly what he was doing and wanted to see some bloodshed when his hapless victim face-planted on the floor. Not that the cat was evil or anything.
While the fleabag hated him, the tom couldn't get enough of Rob. In that, Gabriel had respected his taste and felt a slight, if jealous, kinship. That's why he hated to be the one to find the scraggly body on the side of the road, nicked by a car and left for dead. The tough little bastard made it three days before giving up, and for once, Rob couldn't heal someone enough. That was a few months ago.
Standing at the counter, for a moment he thinks he felt a familiar pressure against the soaked pant leg of his jeans. Looking down in surprise, he sees nothing, but the back of his mind purrs, and he decides he's just spooking himself.
"I'm not crazy."
The hot chocolate is just as sweet as he remembered, sitting in his mouth and coating his teeth until he rolls it down his throat. It was comforting, to go through the normal motions of being in Rob's house, even though it isn't the first time Rob wasn't there, but this is the first time he felt lost. Like he's the only person left in an amusement park long after the rides were shut down, being teased by the stale smell of cotton candy and peanuts.
His socks begin to chaff and bother him, so he cradles his mug carefully, enjoying the burning in his hands, and goes to the guest bedroom.
Over the past few months, he's been accumulating a drawer full of his own clothes, mostly stuff left behind when he spent the night and stole a clean whatever from Rob in the morning. He digs into there now, looking for a pair of socks that weren't meant for summer. When he finally finds a pair and reaches down to take the wet ones off, he realizes he hasn't bathed in a few days.
Feeling like Goldilocks for a second, he decides to take advantage of the whirlpool-bath tub-jacuzzi thing Rob gave himself for Christmas.
He never really goes into Rob's bedroom, like if he does, he'll want to stay, and he isn't sure if he wants that. Maybe he does. Each day he thinks it over and likes the idea more, likes the thought of his cold skin touching Rob's warmth and soaking it in. Surveys the pristine bathroom floor with new plush rugs, and wonders what it would feel like to be trapped between the cold tiles and Rob's heat. Shivers, and starts running the bath.
The steaming water in the tub turns his skin pink the second he sinks in, but it's a nice burning, like the sting in his fingertips after holding the mug. He feels sweaty and greasy in the humidity, though, and starts scrubbing until the water is murky with soap. He tries one of his calming exercises, imagines the stress of his world rinsing away in great sheets to collect in the water around him. All the screaming, the want, the need, in his head, his pores, his body, and it's being scrubbed away by one of the natural sponges Rob insists on.
This grey-black feeling gathering in the water around him, and he releases the stopper, watching the dirty water drain slowly away, swirling down into the drain.
He's sitting naked in his sorta-boyfriend's bathtub, fingers pruned and skin rapidly cooling despite the heat from the vents, and he decides he feels better. The quiet, at least, is soothing to his battered mind, and he feels like someone who has finally stopped poking at a bone-deep bruise. The bruise is still sore and there, but not throbbing as noticeably.
Giving himself a shake, he rises slowly from the tub, tailbone sore from sitting so long on the hard surface. There are towels waiting, hung right over the air vent and still warm. Rob thinks of those kinds of things, and sometimes Gabriel feels inadequate when reminded of Golden Boy's kindness, because those gestures would never occur to him.
The towels are warm and wrap around him like a comforting touch, and he realizes that he is trying to put himself back together after being away for only two days. He worries that he's become overly dependent on Rob for his sanity, that he's using his friend as a crutch to keep from facing his reality. And that weakness bothers him.
He leaves the hot chocolate mug on the edge of the tub, knowing the sight of it will drive Rob crazy. But he makes a mess on purpose, because he likes having Rob bitch, likes knowing that someone notices that he’s been there. That Rob cares.
The master bedroom has a king-size bed, which Gabriel perches on the edge of, absently fingering the cotton quilt. A sigh and he flops back, letting the towel slip and staring at a white ceiling that is the same as his own apartment's but, for some reason, seems so much better.
Closing his eyes, he lets the weariness overtake him.
~~~
Cold fingers on his cheek bring him to wakefulness. The room is dark now, but light from the bathroom lends him some visibility. He's still flat out on his back across the bed, and there's someone lying stretched out next to him.
Bone tired and screaming children ~ flu ~ sick nurses ~ standing for fourteen hours straight ~ slipping all over the road
Rob's frozen fingers continue to stroke his face reverently, sliding down to his lips. Unconsciously, Gabriel kisses the tips nearest. Propped up on one elbow, Rob is staring down at him with tired, glazed eyes. The fingers still on his lips when Rob realizes he's staring back.
With a smile, Gabriel reaches up languidly, touching the delicate puffy skin beneath Rob’s eyes, the gold fuzz at his temples, the light scruff on his cheeks. Mapping the planes of his face, returning Rob's earlier exploration.
Like a cat being scratched just the right way, Rob's eyes drift shut. The fist holding his head up slowly slips out from under his head, and Gabriel's awed by the emotions the sight unearths.
This trust can't be warranted, can't be in him, of him, for him. There's been this fear in his chest, fear that if he reaches out and holds the love being offered to him, it will break, disintegrate, drain away through his fingers. He's carding those fingers through Rob's hair, watching the blonde-brown strands move across his joints, and he realizes that Rob has been waiting for him. Offering comfort and support, and what has Gabriel given him?
He realizes the towel has completely slipped away, and thinks this should be awkward, but it's not. Rob is lying on his back now, breathing evenly, and it's soothing to Gabriel's ears, and he's happy that Rob is here, home and alive.
"Quit thinking so loud," the lips beneath his fingertips murmur with a smile.
Gabriel smirks and leans forward, feeling Rob's breath on his face. He pauses, looking down for a moment and memorizing every shadow, every nuance of the countenance below him. The body beneath him tenses as he slides a leg over it, and Rob slowly opens his eyes, a silent question.
Intently watching, scrutinizing as Gabriel runs his fingers over softly chapped lips again, he follows a path up to the tender skin of his eyes, and they fall close, breath leaving Rob in a quiet rush. He can feel the healer's arousal through the slacks separating them, can feel the burning heat where their bodies touch, and his fingertips dip to the collar of the dress shirt all the doctors are required to wear. The buttons are harder to undo from this angle than on himself, and he frowns a little until the top two are hanging open. Rob is breathing carefully, each intake of air carefully controlled and measured.
His stubby nails scratch the hollow of Rob's throat lightly, just a slight touch along the tendons of his neck, and the other man's hips buck reflexively, a quick jerk that's suppressed just as rapidly.
Smiling, Gabriel leans forward, dry lips brushing against the sensitive skin, and he's rewarded with a choked gasp. The smooth skin is so hot, fiery heat blazing against his coldness, and he burrows his face into the crook of Rob's shoulder, holding still and letting his body absorb the moment.
Unmoving, Rob allows him to set the pace and for that he is thankful. Inhaling the scent of sweat and antiseptic and the ghost of summer, Gabriel pulls back to gaze into Rob's smiling eyes. His hands in motion again, he caresses Rob's rough cheek as he leans gradually down, and the touch of their lips is a benediction, an act of genuflection Gabriel will never renounce. He breaks away, looks down again and sees only encouragement, devotion.
A curtain of black hair falls around them the next time their lips meet, and their breath mixes, swirls together between them, and there is silence. Chests pressed tight together, the buttons of Rob's shirt a comforting discomfort, hips grinding rhythmically together. Rob's hands finally reach for him, fingers holding his hips with a blistering grip, the healer branding flesh with the rasp of his chin.
Shaking slightly, Gabriel undoes the belt clasp digging into his abdomen, pushes at expensive material already wet and staining, pushes at soft elastic and silk. Gasps and thrusts harder against the hard flesh beneath him.
He wants to feel every inch of the beautiful man writhing under his lips, wants to fall into and through and be wrapped in the warmth of Rob. Hasn't reached out with his mind, and is proud that he can do something normal, something as human as loving someone else, holding someone else.
Thrusting up and pushing down, they tangle together until their limbs are fused tight. Panting, flushed and the heavy musk of sex surrounds them, driving them forward with abandon.
Tucking his head tightly against Rob's shoulder, he feels the other man's teeth digging into his collar bone, knows there will be a mark and the thought tightens his body like a bow string, and he's groaning into Rob's hair, engulfed by him.
Love you ~ Need you ~ Want love have ~ Always
A scorching heat rages through him, scouring his body hollow and searing his thoughts in a white-hot blaze that leaves him blind, gasping, shaking. Another thrust and Rob is digging his fingers into the firmness of his ass hard enough to leave bruises, and their stomachs are wet, sticky, but still pressed together, chests heaving.
After a moment Gabriel pushes back, propping himself up on his elbows and he realizes how tired Rob looks as the healer reclines with closed eyes. Grimaces at the imprints of buttons on his bare chest and silently apologizes to Rob.
"If I had the energy, I'd give you more than button marks. The hickey will have to do for now," Rob grumbles contentedly, not opening his eyes.
With a low laugh, Gabriel swings his leg over his lover's prone body and reaches for the tissue box, careful not to drip on the comforter. Rob chuckles.
I can't feel my toes. I could care less about the blankets.
You say that now, but when you wake up and find a wet spot, you'll freak.
Another chuckle, and Gabriel cleans him up the best he can without moving him, pulling off the practical white sneakers and dress pants, which had gathered around Rob's knees in their distraction. The still buttoned shirt is another story, considering the bottom half is soaked in the front.
"I don't suppose you can sit up?"
"Not really. But I'll try."
Lifting the muscled, compact body, feeling the play of tendons beneath his hands, Gabriel is amazed at the normalcy in his movements, the complete ease at which they're functioning. They had been dancing around this for months, at times seeming to loom closer only to back away quickly, and now that it happened, he realizes that the time is just right.
Amid more grumbling, he gets Rob under the covers once they're both stripped down and slides in behind him, wrapping his arms around the bulked chest. Enjoying the warmth, the feel of fresh cotton sheets against his naked skin, the tickle of downy leg hair against the inside of his ankle as their legs tangle together.
And it feels... good.
~~~
The digital display winking obnoxiously at him says it's three o'clock in the morning. He rolls back over, intent on burrowing into the cocoon of his covers once more but realizes belatedly that the other side of the bed is empty.
A quick reach of his mind, and he locates Rob in the kitchen, thoughts a quiet lull. Nothing's wrong, but he pulls himself from the bed anyway, wanting company and contact and warmth. Shivering, he blindly opens the lower dresser drawer, stealing a pair of flannel pajama bottoms. The next drawer up has sweatshirts, and he silently thanks Rob for supplying the visual information.
The healer is standing at the large bay window, kitchen darkened, staring out over the pristine white of the back yard. Memories of other snowstorms dart across his mind like fish in a pond, just under the surface, and Gabriel lets them flow past.
He comes to stand next to Rob silently, shoulder to shoulder, and accepts the offered mug of cocoa with a smile. They lean against each other for endless minutes, just the sound of the wind howling outside the glass and their light breathing.
"I love you," Gabriel states, lets him know because he forgot to tell people in the past, and hopes that Rob understands.
He does.

Porn Star by Bertie
Please look at the promotional video first done by the multitalented Neige: http://www.lerefuge.ca/psteaser8.htm
Title: Porn Star
Author: Bertie
Date: 10/17/01
Fandom: XF
Pairing: M/Sk/K
Category: Pure smut, some plot thrown in I guess:D
Rating: NC-17
Status: Complete
Archive: sure
Feedback: 
Series/Sequel: No series but I plan an epilogue soon
Warning: Major AU. Ramrod Stevens is Alex-porn star extraordinaire, Foxy McCoy is Fox Mulder-his fluffer and Walter Skinner is an FBI agent who gets caught up in the porn world ;)
Disclaimers: These characters have been through so many characterizations, scenes, universes, positions (my personal favorite;). So I don't think it would hurt too much to put them in this world I created for them.
Notes: Thanks a billion to Ursula who betad for me and who this fic is for. She has greatly influenced me to write threesomes though she had no clue;) And thanks so much to Vyper and the Goddess Michele who also had a part in betaing. I like all those hands in. Like a threesome ;)
Ramrod Stevens entered his dressing room in a huff. He was sick and tired of the hounding he received from some of his fans; they wouldn't leave him alone. He briefly wished that his lover was here, but the man was gone. It was the third time this year that one of his lovers had left because they were always being mistaken for him. Could it be helped that he happened to like dark haired green-eyed men? He didn't understand the confusion himself-some of them were shorter than him, some less muscular. He tended to only see the differences, and not the similarities, and so he was sure they must have had more going on than just issues with lost identity.
He looked at himself in the mirror and saw lines around his eyes. He put some anti-aging cream around his eyes...Foxy McCoy swore by the stuff. He segued into thoughts of those long fingers grasping his cock and it immediately twitched in response. He snickered to himself. "The little bastard's fingers are heaven!" he muttered aloud. "Too bad he is way too skinny and that huge nose-ugh!" Ramrod preferred the more muscular body types. And Foxy was just too effeminate for his tastes.
There was a knock on the door and he called out, "Come."
The door opened and Foxy stuck his head in, his nose preceding the rest of his face. "Roddy? Mac told me to help you with the lines...if you needed it."
Ramrod let Foxy call him Roddy, but no one else on the set was given that privilege. Only his lovers knew him by his real name. He certainly did not want them calling out 'Ramrod' when he fucked them.
"Sure, Foxy. Come on in...make yourself at home."
Foxy smiled disarmingly, entered the dressing room and sat down in the chair beside the makeup table. He stared hard into Ramrod's eyes for a moment then said, "You have the most lovely eyes, Roddy. You don't need any mascara as some of the others do."
Foxy's voice was a delicate purr that sent thrills down Ramrod's spine, but he hid it well. He took one of Foxy's hands and said in his most sexy voice, "I thought you were here to work on my lines with me, Foxy."
A very visible shiver ran through the slender frame of the fluffer at the sexual trill Ramrod deliberately put into his voice.
"I have the script here, Roddy," Foxy began, then stopped when Ramrod took one of his fingers in his mouth and began to lick and suck. "M-maybe we should work on the -" his voice choked when the porn star sucked the long digit down his throat. Foxy began to moan, and Roddy immediately let the finger leave his mouth, chuckling as he did so.
"Please don't tease me, Roddy."
"You make it easy for me, Foxy." Ramrod grinned.
Foxy blushed then wiped his hand on his jeans. He took the script and began to recite, "You have never been good enough, Jason, except as a good fuck!"
Roddy smiled. "You have a good voice, Foxy. Too bad your looks aren't quite there. You could make it big in this industry."
Foxy shyly looked up at Roddy and said excitedly, "Thanks, Roddy, Mac said if I could get enough money for a nose job he would put me in the movies!"
Roddy stopped and began to think of Foxy with a smaller nose. "Not too much, Foxy, it wouldn't fit your face if you had a nose as small as mine."
Foxy smiled. "You have one of the cutest noses in the business, Roddy."
Foxy had wanted to kiss that nose a number of times, but he always felt awkward and ugly whenever he was next to the beautiful Ramrod Stevens.
Roddy smiled back, trying hard to hide the blush that crept up around his ears. "Thanks, Foxy."
"Should I repeat the line?"
"No, I think I remember it..." Roddy proceeded to recite the rest of his lines eloquently. So convincing was his delivery, in fact, that Foxy was very horny by the time they were done. He hid the bulge in his jeans with the script and walked stiffly out of the dressing room while Roddy thanked him, a knowing chuckle in his voice.
Foxy sometimes wondered why he stayed with his Uncle Charlie's porn business. He could have done something with himself, but living in Hollywood, there wasn't much else for him except for the family business. He could have moved back east with his cousin, Dana Scully, who had gone on to medical school and was now an FBI agent. He shook his head. 'No way would a fairy like me ever get accepted into an ivy league school, let alone a federal agency,' he moaned to himself.
He slunk off to a corner of the building, where he had set up his own impromptu office. He had hidden some scripts there that he had penned himself. He was rather proud of them but felt so thoroughly intimidated by his uncle Charlie that he had convinced himself that  they could never be good enough for the older, tobacco-stained man who had made the business as big as it was, having started from scratch back in the early seventies.
Just then Jared called out to him, "Foxy, get your faggot ass out here. Your uncle Charlie wants you."
Foxy shivered. He hated to be called those awful names by Jared but the man was a naturally aggressive top and Foxy loved to be near him even as he loathed the man for his brutish ways. Jared was his uncle's personal assistant but he was more of a bodyguard than anything else. Foxy hid his scripts well then rushed out to where the large stone-faced man stood tapping his foot and scowling at nothing.
"Come on, Foxy..."
"Yes, Jared," Foxy simpered, winking flirtatiously at the big man.
"Will you stop that? You know I hate it when you do that," growled the big man, his tone sending Foxy in a tizzy even though that wasn't Jared's intention.
"I can't help it, Jared. You shouldn't be so beautifully buff whenever I see you." Foxy grinned, loving the way the big man groaned in frustration.
He was pushed gently in the direction of his uncle's large office and entered it reluctantly. He sighed, remembering the first time he had entered his uncle's office and been filled with awe. His only saving grace at that time was that one of his uncle's lawyers, a very good-looking man named Sam Hawthorne, had been there. Foxy had flirted surreptitiously with the lawyer the whole time that his uncle was talking to him. A few months later, when his uncle learned that Sam was fucking Foxy in his bathroom from Jared, who had heard the whole thing while he was taking a leak, he promptly fired Sam, ignored Foxy's pouting, and soon enough, Foxy was again trying his best to do right by his uncle. Then, when Foxy met Aaron Melinsky, his uncle's accountant a week later, he was again found with his pants around his ankles and said accountant giving it to him in the restroom by the long-suffering Jared. His uncle was not amused. Foxy was banished from the offices and told he had to take care of the porn stars instead. It was a good thing Foxy was good with his hands, as it would not have looked good to have the boss man's nephew doing grunt work or being passed around like some cheap party favor, which is what Mac, the director for and sometime writer of many of the films produced on the premises of Starlight Studios had at first felt he was obliged to relegate Foxy to. Instead, Foxy had become a star fluffer, and had found some sort of niche for himself, keeping himself out of harm's way, yet still maintaining a position right in the thick of things, pun definitely intended.
Foxy smiled at his uncle who sat back in his cushy chair and took a long draw off of his pipe while he looked over at his fey nephew.
"You know, Fox, it is a good thing that I promised your mother I would take care of you, otherwise I would have never brought you here. Your mother was a good woman...I would have done anything for her."
He looked at his nephew critically, then said gravely, "There is an important matter that has come up, and, knowing your penchance for older men, this man isn't the man you will be looking for. He is a federal agent and I do not think he will tolerate too much foolishness."
Foxy perked up when his uncle mentioned an older man.
"An FBI agent wants to have access to our studios. I, of course, will be out of town that week, so I think I will let you show this-" He consulted a piece of paper on the desk, "--Mr. Skinner the place. I know you know it well enough. You have been caught lurking in so many hidden corners of this place that Jared has had to keep a blueprint around so he can find you." Foxy's uncle took a long thoughtful puff on his pipe, then said, "You behave yourself, Foxy...and keep an eye out for anything unusual. I really don't understand this desire the fibbies have suddenly to look into our boys, or at our boys for that matter, but I'm not going to raise any flags by questioning their desire to look into the operations of Starlight Studios."
"Yes, Uncle Charlie. I will do right by you, I promise." Foxy crossed his fingers under his thigh and smiled reassuringly at his uncle.
The older man stared thoughtfully at his nephew as if assessing his value, worth, cost and elimination expenses if that would ever come into play. Foxy squirmed in his chair uncomfortably, not sure what to make of his uncle looking at him that way.
"You are a good boy, Fox. I know you will do well...I am sure your mother would be very pleased with all that you have accomplished." His uncle took a long pull of his pipe and smiled engagingly at the boy. It was not very comforting to Foxy, who wanted to hide behind the tall leather chair he was in. His uncle always brought up his mother when he was trying to stress something important to Fox.
"I will do my best, Uncle Charlie."
"Very good. I will leave you in the capable hands of Mac while I am gone."
Fox smiled at that, knowing he was being dismissed and loving the fact that Mac was the one he would answer to. Mac was a hard man when he wanted to be, but he seemed to have taken Fox under his wing and he usually let him get away with a lot more than Uncle Charlie or Jared ever did.
He rose and left his uncle's office, feeling oddly free, almost as if he had a new lease on life.
The rest of the week went by quickly for Foxy. He stayed out of his uncle's way as he was preparing for the FBI to show up at his studios. The one person whom he didn't avoid and who he actually liked seeing was Roddy. The man was so sexy to Foxy and hissed his affection for the man increased whenever he teased him, which was almost every time they were in the same room together. Though sometimes he wished Roddy would do more than just tease, Foxy knew he could never measure up to the gorgeous men that he saw Roddy with.
Foxy began to worry about Roddy, though. The porn star hadn't brought another man with him to the studios in a while and Foxy wondered if he was in trouble or something. Roddy never seemed to be ill or tired, he seemed always 'on' and healthy to Foxy, and so he wondered if there wasn't a more personal problem with the man he not only lusted after, but was considering a friend..
"Are you OK, Roddy?" he asked on the day before the FBI agent was supposed to arrive.
Roddy smiled at the concerned look on Foxy's face. "I am fine, sweet thing. Just wondering why an FBI agent would come to the studios."
Foxy nodded. "Mac mentioned that Mr. Skinner is worried about threats on porn stars lately...though Mac said he's probably here to see if he can find some evidence of mob connections."
Roddy smiled. "Yeah, that could be, but don't worry, Foxy--your Uncle Charlie is on the up and up...at least as far as I know."
Foxy returned the smile. "Uncle Charlie is a good man. I don't think he would ever deal with the Mafia if he could avoid it."
"You're right, Foxy. Your uncle has been very good to the actors here, I think his studios are the best in the business...and I've been around long enough to know."
Foxy wondered about that, since he was sure Roddy couldn't be more than 28. Roddy interrupted his musings with his usual teasing and Foxy forgot about it.
The next day Foxy woke in his mother's house with a smile on his face. He would get to meet the mysterious FBI agent today and show him all over the studios. He grinned as he pictured Mac laughing at him and saying, 'Your tail is wagging, Foxy, what are you up to?'
Foxy took a shower, brushed his teeth, gargled with mouthwash guaranteed to leave him with kissable breath, or so the ads claimed, and then ran his hands through his spiky brown locks. He kept it short so he wouldn't have to do too much with it. His friend Bryant was always fussing with his hair, gorgeous cinnamon tresses that went down to his ass. He would still be staying with Bryant if his uncle hadn't dragged him from his friend's apartment one day with the help of the very gorgeous Jared. Foxy would have run back to life with Bryant  if it hadn't been for Jared's sexy presence. The man was  easily fooled into believing Foxy was scared of him, but in fact, he wasn't in the least. In fact, the soon-to-be fluffer had been quite thrilled to meet his uncle's personal assistant/bodyguard that day...even if it meant he wouldn't be seeing Bryant in a good while. He giggled to himself, thinking how Bryant had squealed in part delight and mock terror at the big gruff Jared taking hold of his Foxy and leading him away.
Every night after that Bryant would call Foxy on the phone and express his jealousy and curiosity. He desperately wanted to know if the big strong burly Jared had made any moves on Foxy...always saying he was going to go down there and give that hunk of man a piece of his mind. Foxy knew what piece Bryant wanted to give Jared, and it had nothing to do with his mind. Bryant didn't fool him at all.
He rushed to work, all excited about meeting the FBI agent, but not so distracted that he didn't feel his usual rush of lust when Roddy called him into his dressing room as soon as he got there.
"What is it, Roddy?"
"I don't know, Foxy. I just think something is going to happen today and I just don't like it. God, that sounded stupid, didn't it-like I'm one of the psychic friends, or something."
Foxy looked at the earnest look on Roddy's face and whispered, "I believe you, Roddy."
Roddy stared in shock for a moment then pulled Foxy to him and kissed him on the lips. "Thanks, Foxy. I really appreciate that. I can't put my finger on it, but somehow, just having you say that makes me feel much better now."
Foxy's legs immediately turned into spaghetti. He could barely walk away from the porn star's dressing room, and might have collapsed completely, had he not been floating in a cloud of gay daydreams. Nothing could go wrong today- Roddy, Foxy's idol and sex god, had finally kissed him. Foxy was in gay heaven.
Through his stunned haze he could just make out Mac coming up to him with a very large man beside him. 'Must be Jared,' he thought before Mac said, "Mr. McCoy, I would like you to meet Agent Walter Skinner of the FBI."
That seemed to wake Foxy up from his daze. He smiled at the man who he could now see was rather buff and certainly made his top sensors tingle although he wasn't as cute as Jared. His smile widened as he held his hand out and a big hand took his. He wanted to melt right then and there. He could almost feel the slide of those big callused fingers all over his body and he had to keep from shivering.
He cleared his throat. "Uncle Charles has been kind enough to allow me to show you the place, Mr. Skinner." He did his best to keep a purr from escaping his mouth as he moved closer to the big strong man.
Mac left them, wondering at the reasoning behind Mr. Spender's decision to let Foxy show the FBI agent around. Then he realized that it would make the agent think the place was harmless if an obvious queen like Foxy was running the place...but on the other hand, Mac doubted the agent would know he wasn't the brains behind the business. He shrugged his shoulders and went in to see Ramrod.
"Hey, Rod, how's it hanging?" he asked, noting the furrowed brow of the best porn actor ever to grace the Starlight Studios.
"Oh, fine, Mac. Just worried about the fibbie. Is he here already?"
"Yes, Foxy is showing him around the place now."
Rod nodded his head then sighed, "How many we have tonight?"
"Just two. Spender doesn't want the fibbie to stay around too much. We are closing shop early tonight."
"Good idea."
The brow did not ease but Mac just took that to be a sign that Rod was due for a vacation. He was getting way to complacent with the same routine day in and day out. Change would be good for the actor.
"Well, OK, Rod. See you in a few."
Rod nodded his head and Mac left.
****
The FBI agent seemed to tolerate the half-hidden flirtations McCoy was throwing his way, which put Foxy at ease, and he became a little more obvious about his attraction to the older man.
Skinner finally decided to steer the conversation into something more interesting to him. "What about the actors? Don't they have dressing rooms?"
"Oh yeah. But aren't you more interested in the screening room?"
"Not now. I heard that Ramrod Stevens worked here. Is that right?"
Foxy looked into the agent's brown eyes and nodded. "Yes, he is just there in that room. He should be rehearsing just now. Let me go see..." He went over and tapped on the door.
"Roddy? Just thought I would show him the dressing rooms...do you mind?"
Roddy was dressed in pink tight pants; see through shirt and a collar on his neck for his scene coming up in "Twinks and their toys."
Roddy was too large to be a twink, but he was going to be one of the twink's slaves. Foxy drank in the sight of the actor all dressed up. He would love to be the twink owning this slave. Lucky Little Randy was the bastard getting to play the twink in this one. The man was at least 34 but looked 16. Spender had to continuously prove the actor's age to the local authorities whenever Randy was in a new movie.
When Skinner walked into his dressing room, Roddy's hands were on his hips. Roddy looked like a vision of loveliness to the agent. It was sheer steel will power that kept him from taking the man then and there. His pert nipples could be seen through the sheer pink fabric of the shirt and the slight sheen of perspiration beading on his throat was definitely asking to be licked.
"Hi, there. I am just about to leave. Care to join me?" Roddy asked the man.
"You are Ramrod Stevens?"
"Yes...you haven't heard of me, have you?"
"Well, only in that you have a serious problem with overzealous fans."
Ramrod nodded. "Yes, it is a nuisance. Justin left after he was attacked in the parking lot last month. It was most disturbing."
"Justin?" The agent had to keep his voice from growling in anger.
"Yeah, my boyfriend. That was the fifth time it had happened and he was quite upset."
Foxy could see that the agent was quite taken with Roddy. In fact, he was quite jealous of the attention the agent was bestowing on the actor. The most disconcerting thing was he wasn't sure of whom he was more jealous.  Roddy's voice interrupted Foxy's reverie. "...just doesn't make sense. My boyfriends look nothing like me at all. See?"
He handed the picture of Justin, a very good-looking man with green eyes and small nose, to the agent.  "He is at least three inches shorter than I am. Why would they go after my boyfriends?"
Skinner cleared his throat and began, "Could be the perpetrator was looking to replace him."
Roddy put a hand to his forehead. "Of course, that makes complete sense, Mr.. Skinner."
Foxy wondered though, because Justin had been a trained kick boxer and should have easily stopped the assault.
They all went to the screening room a few moments later. They waited until it was Roddy's turn to act then watched as the scenes unfolded. Both were disappointed that Roddy did not have to undress at all during the scenes filmed.
"Well, that was an easy day today, guys. And looks like we get to leave early, according to Mac." Roddy grinned at them staring at him as if he were a marble statue come to life before their eyes.
Mac came up and shook the agent's hand. "Well, you can see we run a tight business here, Mr. Skinner. You know that Randy there is of age no matter how he looks..."
The agent looked impatient and sighed wearily, "Yes, all seems above board. It is just disturbing not to meet Mr. Spender. I was so looking forward to meeting him."
"Uncle Charlie is a good man, Mr. Skinner," interrupted Foxy. "He has helped a lot of men find work."
"I am sure he has, Mr. McCoy."
"You can call me Foxy, Mr. Skinner." A twinkle was in those hazel eyes as he said that.
Mac cleared his throat. "Well, just have some work in the editing room. Feel free to look around some more. I may be around for a bit longer."
"Thanks, Mac." They shook hands and Mac left.
"Well, I am glad I can get out of this ridiculous outfit. Pink always makes me look sallow."
Both Foxy and the agent thought otherwise, though they kept that to themselves. Foxy noticed that Roddy's toenails and fingernails were painted pink as well. Such attention to detail is one of the many things that Foxy found so appealing about the porn star.
"Do you need my help, Roddy?" asked Foxy.
"No, that is fine, though I wondered if Mr. Skinner could help me."
"Oh?"
"Yeah, I just wanted to know if you could follow me home...I would hate if anything would happen tonight when a federal agent is right here to protect me."
Roddy did not catch the crestfallen look on Foxy's face but was not prepared for the eagerness in Skinner's.
"See you tomorrow, Foxy?" the actor suddenly turned to the other man.
"Oh yeah, see you, Roddy. Nice meeting you, Mr. Skinner," Foxy purred, resisting the urge to put his hand out for the big man to kiss.
"Nice to meet you too, Mr. McCoy."
****
Walter Skinner, the AD of the X-Files branch of the FBI, was on leave and could not believe his luck when he was able to gain access to Starlight Studios. It was easier than he could imagine sending off a false notice to the porn studio and being acknowledged almost immediately by them. To finally be alone with THE Ramrod Stevens was almost too much to hope for. The man was the most delicious thing he had seen in a long time.
The first time he had seen him was in a blotter years ago about a runaway. He kept abreast of any notice of the runaway, fearing there would never be a follow-up on him. He stumbled across a piece of evidence of a porn video being found in the back of a senator's trunk one day that was confiscated and then later pointed to other clues that he was involved in a prostitution ring involving male minors. Walter could not believe that the boy in the video was the same as the runaway he had seen just two years prior. The boy was not a minor though. He had turned eighteen a few months before the film was made, but there were other boys involved in the  film, who were underage.
Walter had done his best to find out everything he could about  the boy in that film. He could not believe his luck when he found him in another film, this time from a more legitimate porn studio, and he learned that the boy had made a name for himself in the porn industry and was being called Ramrod Stevens. Walter knew the boy's real name and whole story behind him by the time he had come up with a plan to actually meet him. He wondered why he was so interested in this one boy out of the hundreds he had heard about.
At first, Walter told himself it was pure concern over the possibility of abuse, but there had been no evidence that this particular runaway was abused. Then it was just sheer coincidence that he had been a part of finding out the senator's filthy habits, which inevitably led Walter to come across that video. Again, there was no evidence that 'his' runaway had been abused. The perversity of his obsession all came to a head one day while he was in a video store and he curiously wandered over to the gay porn section and found a video with the name Ramrod Stevens on it. He just had to watch it. He didn't know why...as if some clue as to whether or not the boy who had run away from home at the age of sixteen had been abused could be found in the now older man in the porn industry almost twelve years later.
Walter waited until the very last day to turn in the tape before he popped it in and watched it. He was appalled at the paltry plot but it was certainly typical of most of the porn he had seen before, having watched quite a number of heterosexual porn videos in his time. What he was not prepared for was how viscerally he had reacted to the nude man of twenty- something on the small screen.  The young man was like an Adonis and for the first time in his life, Walter felt himself hard as hell for another man. This obsession he had for the boy who was now a man would not go away. No matter how many jerk-off sessions, dating or even the few times he had taken a hustler to a hotel room, he could not shake this obsession. He had to meet this man for himself. He told himself it was just to satisfy this long curiosity he had about the boy who had run away from a home that was outwardly stable and happy. Though deep down inside just talking to the man about why he ran away would not quench his obsession.
****
Staring at that ass as it shimmied out of the tight jeans had his cock stirring dramatically in his pants. Walter was grateful that his suit coat covered it well. The actor clearly was unashamed of his body...'and rightfully so,' thought the Agent.
He coughed politely and asked, "Um, you are a very bright man, Mr. Stevens. I am curious why you remain in this type of industry..."
Roddy turned to face the agent and pulled on his pants while speaking, "Everyone asks that of actors, Mr. Skinner, especially porn actors. I would have given it up long ago if I hadn't come across Mr. Spender. Foxy is right, his uncle is a good man. He has taken many from going down the wrong path. None of the actors are allowed to use while they work, not even alcohol, and we are tested regularly. Mr. Spender has made working here like a family and I like that."
Walter had to bite back a moan when Roddy pulled the shirt over his head, exposing his gleaming chest with the pretty pink nipples.  He certainly couldn't argue with Roddy wanting to remain in a family like atmosphere but it made him want to ask about why he ran away so long ago from a very stable home life and his own family.
He would just have to bide his time. He didn't want to frighten or upset the man. "Do you make good money working here, Mr. Stevens? If you mind me asking, that is..."
"Well, we don't even make half as much as the more legitimate actors like TV stars. Luckily, this isn't the only thing I do. I work at a gym and teach aerobics. Living simply is the key."
Walter could see that he would spend most of his free time working out; the man clearly would not be in front of the TV vegging much at all.
"You would have to plan ahead to make enough to live comfortably, I suspect."
"You are very right, Mr. Skinner. Luckily, I am very good with such things."
****
Roddy owned a Lexus, not the most sporty of cars, but something he could drive reasonably well while going back and forth between jobs and his home. Walter was quite surprised to find the porn star owned a quiet little cottage in one of the nicer neighborhoods. When he pulled into the driveway right after Roddy did, he got out and nodded at the house.
"Nice place you have here, Mr. Stevens."
Roddy smiled, sending a pulse straight to Walter's crotch.  "Please, call me Roddy. We don't have to be so formal when we are away from the studios."
"Then I insist you must call me Walter."
"Since you were so nice to see me to my house, please come in, Walter."
Walter did not pick up any signs of interest from the man, but he seemed pleasant enough. He entered the man's house and noted that one of the letters in the box had the name Krycek on it. 'So he hasn't legally changed his name,' Walter thought.
He waited until Roddy had poured him a drink before he asked a very crucial question.
"Roddy, um, I came across a case while I was a police investigator in Virginia quite a number of years ago. You look very similar to a boy who ran away from home back in 1986. Are you that boy?"
Roddy looked at him with frightened eyes, the green in them were brilliant with shock.
"Is this a part of the studio investigation, Mr. Skinner?" asked Roddy breathlessly.
"No, just my own curiosity. I thought we were calling each other by our first names?"
"Oh, um, yes...sorry Walter, you just flustered me for a moment."
"Do you mind telling me if you were that boy? I have come a long way to find out if you are the same sixteen year old Alex Krycek who ran away from a seemingly stable and happy home."
Roddy suddenly became frightened. "Uh, Walter...if I am the boy who ran away from home when I was sixteen, why is it important for you to know?" He did his best to hide the fear in his voice.
"I have followed your career ever since I found out about you, Roddy...or should I call you Alex? I have wondered for so long if you were from an abusive household which caused you to run."
Roddy's breathing became a bit erratic, he was afraid, but he was not about to show that to this man who suddenly seemed very scary to him.
"Walter, I -my father used to drink a bit and my mother was mainly in denial about that, but no, my family was not abusive toward me."
"Then why run from them?"
"Walter, that is a bit personal, maybe now isn't a good time..."
"It is the perfect time, Alex. I am here in your house. I think we should get to know each other better..."
Alex was flummoxed. "You have known about me since I was sixteen? Am I the reason you came to the studios? Are you really an FBI agent?"
Walter grinned at the obviously flustered man. "Yes to all those questions, Alex. But I would have to say that I should be the one asking the questions."
"And why is that?" Alex's heart was in his throat now.
"Because I am the FBI agent trying to find out why a seemingly intelligent, outgoing and handsome young man should leave his family when he wasn't abused."
"I-uh, Walter, I am gay as you know...my father was a bigot in the worst way. I knew if he found out about me, who knows what would have happened. He was already trying to get me to join the military and though some gay boys would relish that idea, I was one who did not. Um, can I ask you why you came all this way to California to find out about me?"
"Sure, Alex...I think, I think I fell in love with you at some point. I really don't know when it was but...I have wanted you in the worst way, especially when I started watching you in your videos."
Alex wanted to run right then but he wanted to find out something first and he was too afraid to do anything to cause the man to react badly. "Are-have you been the one stalking my boyfriends?"
Walter shook his head. "That hardly matters now, does it?"
"I - yes, I think it does, Walter. I mean, you are in my home, telling me you are in love with me, I would like to know if you are the one who has been hurting my boyfriends these past couple of years." Alex did not know why he felt it was important to remain calm, but he thought the man was a bit insane. Maybe if he remained calm then the other man would too.
"No, I haven't hurt them, Alex, just removed them so I could be the one beside you."
Alex was trembling now. "You are the reason I have lost my boyfriends? Why would you do that to me, Walter? What do you want from me?"
"I want to be your lover, Alex. I want to stay with you and take care of you."
That upset Alex to no end. "Walter, I have been taking care of myself for twelve years now. I don't need to be taken care of."
"You do. I can see it in your eyes... even in those silly movies you make. You want to be loved and I am the one to give you what you need."
"Walter...don't I get a say in that? You aren't exactly my type...you saw the men I date."
"You just have been with the wrong men, Alex. If they truly loved you, they would have stayed with you no matter what."
Alex sighed then gave up trying to rationalize with the man. "Do you want to fuck me? Is that it?" He began to pull off his shirt.
"No, Alex, when I am with you, I will be making love to you."
And with that said, he grasped the other man's neck and pulled Alex  close to kiss him. Alex let him, opening up his mouth to let the man in. He had taught self-defense classes and rape avoidance classes in his gym. He knew the best way to avoid being hurt in these types of situations. There was no doubt about it though, the man could kiss, but Alex was not turned on in the slightest. He had kissed plenty of men in the porn industry, but they never did a thing for him. He had reacted more by kissing Foxy earlier that day.
The other man began taking off Alex's clothing slowly, and Alex let him. He could not believe it. He was in his own home about to be raped by a FBI agent. That was certainly not a scenario in any of the defense classes he taught, but he knew that if he had to, letting a man who was probably just as strong and just as trained rape him was far better than giving that man a reason to hurt him or even kill him. Alex realized shortly though, that the man wasn't a rapist. He had been sucking on his nipples for a long time, but when he reached down to touch his cock, he pulled away when Alex's cock was flaccid.
"Alex, what's wrong?" Walter asked, his voice deep with lust.
Alex shook his head.
"Alex, you have been fucked plenty of times by other men in those films and you were hard as a rock. Don't tell me that was trick photography!"
Alex shook his head. "No, but I also had a fluffer..." he stopped before he said more.
"A fluffer? Is that who your boyfriends were to you, Alex?"
"No, they weren't, Walter..."
"Alex, I am not a rapist, damn it. I am in love with you." Walter sighed in consternation. "You aren't hard! You probably won't even get hard. I know I don't look like your lovers...but I don't look that bad, do I?"
"No, of course not, Walter. That isn't it."
Walter huffed then pulled off his jacket, then his tie and shirt. The more Walter revealed the more Alex was appreciating the view.
"For an older bald man, Walter, you are quite sexy." Alex voice was getting deeper as he became aroused.
"I have kept myself fit for you, my Alex." That made a frown appear on those soft pink lips. Walter bent down and kissed that frown away. As he continued to caress and kiss the man beneath him, he realized that no matter what he did, Alex was not getting erect. What normally would have a man coming several times over was not getting anywhere with the younger man.
He pulled back with a sigh. "Am I that repulsive to you?"
Alex had to catch his breath and then he shook his head. "No, Walter, it isn't you...I think I may need my fluffer..."
Walter growled, "This isn't a movie set, Alex!"
"I know, I know...but it is the only way I can think of that will help me perform under pressure!"
Walter was quite upset, but he realized he had to get the fluffer; otherwise he would have to leave without completely having Alex, as he wanted.
"Fine...what is his number?" he ground out through clenched teeth.
Alex hesitated, not sure it would be a good idea to involve someone else, especially not Foxy, Spender's nephew.
"Tell me!"
Alex finally told him, feeling it would not do to lie to him or bring someone else which may anger the man further.
"What's is the man's name?"
Alex sighed then said, "You met him earlier...Foxy McCoy."
Walter dialed the number Alex gave him. For the longest time it rang then a slightly breathless person picked it up.
"Hello?"
Walter said, "Hello, Foxy, this is Walter Skinner. I am at Alex's. He was hoping you could join us for dinner."
There was a large pause in which time he heard mumbling and the sound of the phone hitting something.
"I-I will be right over...should I bring something?" he asked hopefully.
"Just yourself."
"Great! See you there!" Foxy hung up before Walter could say more.
****
Foxy screamed. "Yeah!! I will be with two of the hunkiest men I have seen in a long time!"
Bryant, the substitute lover who had been making Foxy breathless earlier, was in a tizzy. "Who is it? Jared? I thought he was with your uncle..."
"No! Walter and Roddy!"
"Walter? Who is Walter?"
"Never you mind, Bryant. I am going there with bells on...shit; I have to freshen up a bit. Damn, Bryant, but I smell like you-ew!"
Bryant sniffed under his arms. "What? I don't stink!"
Foxy just laughed and shook his head. Bryant was not there for his intelligence anyway. Foxy rushed into his bathroom to wash his face and hands. Then squirted some expensive cologne into the air and walked through it.
"Now, all ready. Bye, Bryant, I will tell you all the yummy details later."
"OK, cool. I can stay here and order pizza?"
"Sure, I just don't know how long I will be gone. If I am not back in two days, don't come looking for me." He grinned, winked at Bryant, then left.
Halfway out the parking garage, Foxy began to wonder about something. He realized something wasn't right. Why did Walter call and not Roddy? He was glad his uncle had insisted he carry a licensed gun with him. But since he hated to carry the evil thing with him, he kept it in his glove compartment. He doubted that he would need to use it on the FBI agent, but the way Roddy had acted earlier before they met Walter, Foxy felt there was no reason why not to be extra cautious.
Roddy's little cottage was beautiful to Foxy; he envied the man for owning such a beautiful thing but only briefly, much preferring the exciting times in the city.
Everything looked calm. He parked in the street since two cars took up the driveway. Then he got out of his car and stared for just a second at the house. He couldn't believe anything was amiss inside. The lights were on and it looked very welcoming. So he proceeded to the door without taking his gun with him after all.
He knocked on the door enthusiastically and, a few minutes later, Walter answered it.
"Mr. Skinner, so nice to see you again! Where is Roddy?"
Walter let the young lean man in, finding him a bit annoying but not too hard on the eyes.
"Please, call me Walter, Foxy."
Foxy grinned at him and waited patiently as Walter closed the door. Subconsciously he worried about Walter letting him into Roddy's house without the host there to greet him.
"Sure thing, Walter," he purred at the man, wanting to engage the older man so he wouldn't feel so nervous.
"Roddy never told you his real name, did he?" Walter asked out of the blue.
"Uh, no...I knew Roddy was a stage name, but -"
"His name is Alex. Come with me to the bedroom, Foxy. Alex wanted to show me something earlier but felt like he needed your assistance."
Foxy did not like the sound of that. "Walter, is Roddy OK?"
"His name is Alex, Foxy."
Foxy stared at the big man with large eyes. "Is Alex all right, Walter?"
"He is just wonderful, Foxy, he just requires your services in the bedroom."
Foxy balked for a moment but the look in Walter's eyes frightened him. He meekly moved toward the bedroom door, hoping he would not see anything too awful once he peeked through it.
What he saw made his heart jump to his throat. Roddy was spread-eagled on the bed, his ankles and wrists tied up and he did not look overly happy about it. But other than that he was not hurt or damaged as far as Foxy could see.
"Roddy?" he asked softly, but then Walter entered the bedroom too.
"Call him Alex, Foxy, that is his name. Is that your real name, Foxy?"
"I-well, my real name is Fox Mulder...but I legally changed it when I was 19."
"Get over here, Fox. Do what you do with Alex on the set so we can have some fun tonight."
Foxy's brows shot up. But he realized what the problem was instantly as he would on the set. He moved toward the bed and suddenly remembered doing this in a scene where Roddy was tied up. Such things usually took some getting used to for the actor, and his fluffer was called in numerous times to get the actor ready.
He moved toward the bed and saw that though Roddy did not look overly enthused to see him, he looked cooperative. Foxy tried to reassure him with his eyes as he reached down and took the flaccid cock in his hands. He ran his hands softly over the flaccid member until there was a reaction and suddenly he was holding the cock in his hands. Roddy's breath was coming louder and faster and his pulse quickened as Foxy stroked him. Roddy closed his eyes, realizing in his predicament, that for the longest time he hadn't been getting hard unless Foxy's hands had been on him. No wonder his boyfriends left. No matter what Walter may have done, it was Roddy's need to have Foxy's hands on him that had driven Justin and the others away. The only time he was in the mood was after he had left the studios.
Roddy moaned, realizing he wasn't at work and he could react in ways he wouldn't otherwise. "Oh god, Foxy. Yes."
Walter took some lube and poured some into Fox's hands, helping ease the way as Alex became more erect and ready for him. He moved over to the front of Alex and bent and kissed him, running his hands up and down the shivering body.
Walter did not want a threesome, but realizing there probably was no other alternative, he moved back to the lean man standing and began to remove his clothing. He wasn't happy to see that Foxy was responding probably to Alex more than himself, but he didn't care at the moment. He ran his hands over the long muscles of the 'fluffer' who responded by sighing in pleasure, loving the large blunt callused hands caressing over his body.
Who knew that he would get what he wished for earlier? Foxy loved every minute of it, being with two gorgeous men, even if one of them had frightened him for a moment.
Alex was amazed at how sexy Foxy was once he was fully nude and being caressed by the large man. The sight of it was the most erotic thing he had ever seen...and that was something for a man in the porn industry to admit. Foxy had a beautiful body and if the porn industry didn't think so, Alex could care less. Seeing Walter's large hands pinch the hard nubs of Foxy's nipples made Alex gasp and he moaned, "Please..."
Foxy returned his attention to the cock in his hand and softly ran his thumb over the leaking head. Meanwhile, Walter was sucking on a bit of Foxy's long neck while his fingers had moved down to grip the fluffer's cock. He was going to fluff the fluffer, he thought idly before the moans from both men swept such a silly notion from his mind.
Walter rubbed his cock against the groove of the ass in front of him. 'Damn, his ass is sweet!'
Fucking the little guy may be better than trying to do a man who didn't seem interested at all, at least Foxy was a slut.
Foxy could not believe how turned on he was by having his hands on Roddy outside the studios. It was sheer bliss. Feeling those rough strong hands work him was also a major turn on. He moaned then decided that he needed to taste that cock for the first time. He bent and lapped at the head and Roddy wailed out. Roddy wanted to grab that bobbing head in his hands but they were tied and he couldn't. If he had known how amazing that mouth would be wrapped around his cock...
Just then Foxy began to moan as thick fingers were breaching his ass. And the pleasure was all Roddy's. The porn star  cried out at the added stimulus of Foxy's hands caressing his taut stomach while Foxy continued to moan with those thick fingers stretching him. Walter bent down and nibbled a bit of Foxy's shoulder as he tried his best to open a condom with his teeth and one hand. Setting it on the tip of his cock he rolled it downward, trying to hold off as much as he could with the feel of Foxy at his fingertips and the sounds of Roddy gasping.
"Shit, fuck, damn," growled Walter, looking for some lube of any kind. He had been hard for too damn long and he needed to fuck some ass if it was the last thing he did. He noticed a hand appeared beside him, it was Foxy holding out a tube. He wanted to kiss him, but instead he bent and nibbled on the fingers. 'The little slut brought something with him after all,' Walter snickered to himself.
Soon, the head of his cock breached that tight ass of Foxy. Roddy was getting close, he could tell by the sounds he was making, edging up his arousal bit by bit as his cock inched through the tight ring of muscles. The sucking noises and the moans from Roddy was driving him insane...he couldn't hold back anymore, before being fully seated, he edged back out and began to enter Foxy again.
Foxy decided to change things a bit, he grasped a hold of Roddy's balls, keeping him from coming too soon, making the porn star cry out.
"Don't...please...Foxy!" cried Roddy. Tears welled up in the fluffer's eyes. He didn't want to make Roddy wait. Foxy, still holding Roddy's cock in his mouth, soothed the trembling abdominal muscles with one hand as the fingers of the other still held onto Roddy's scrotum.
Foxy impatiently thrust back to get Walter going again, which he did soon enough and established a rhythm that had Foxy whimpering around the cock in his mouth. Roddy moaned, the muscles in his arms were screaming at him as he held on tightly to the bedposts. Walter's hands clasped tightly around the small hips of Foxy's and began to pound into him, thrusting him up against the bed and sending the cock deeper into his mouth. Foxy had been in this position before, it wasn't new to him by any means, but between these two very hot people, it was a delight.
Foxy's hand ran up to caress the pert nipples on Roddy's chest, making the porn star shiver. He played with them awhile as his ass was getting pounded and his mouth was getting fucked. He pulled away to cry out when one of Walter's hands reached around and grasped his rampant cock.
"Cum, Foxy, I want to hear you scream." That deep voice in his ear caused Foxy to pant then wail as he came when Walter's hand jerked him fast, his cum landing all over the lower half of Roddy. He felt Walter pound into him a few more times then the big man grunted as he released inside the condom.
Foxy fell forward on top of Roddy who was grateful for the friction and began to thrust his hips up against the weight. The cum made it easy for him to slide his cock against Foxy's sweat slicked abdomen. Walter pulled out of the fluffer with a distinct plopping noise and disposed of the condom once he found a trashcan. Then he wet a rag and pushed the dead to the world Foxy off his beloved so he could clean him, then noticed he hadn't come yet. He took the rag and slid it up and down the rampant erection until shivers ran through Roddy's body and he bent and nibbled on a pink nipple until Roddy cried out and came finally. His whole body bowed up from the bed.
Walter took pity on his sweet Alex, and unleashed the bindings around his wrists. Alex was too exhausted to caress his wrists so Walter did it for him, soothing the sore muscles. Alex began to purr when Walter continued with his massage down his arms and then his stomach. He skirted the sensitive groin area and rubbed down the sleek golden legs, taking time to feel the hairs on his hands. He stopped when he was too exhausted to continue more and he pulled the limp Foxy against him so they could sleep comfortably. The last thing he felt was Alex kissing his chin and the whispered, "Thank you."
When Foxy awoke, he was blissfully aware that he had been fucked good the night before. Then he remembered who had done the fucking. The thick evidence of the man was lying against his thighs and it felt so right, he didn't want to move. Then he felt the heavy arm across his chest and he liked that as well. He felt warm breath against his cheek. He moved his head just so and his lips were right against the other man's. He reveled in the sensual feel of that mouth against his own for a moment before tracing it with his own, and then he dared to stick his tongue out and lap at the lips. He then shimmied his hips and their half hard erections were gliding exquisitely together.
The big man woke with a start, feeling a cock caress his own and a tongue lick his lips. He grinned against the tongue lapping his lips and it slipped into his mouth. He sucked on that tongue for a brief moment before pulling away.
"Hey there, Fox. You certainly are living up to that name of yours!" he said jovially, feeling quite good himself. Just then he sat bolt up straight and turned in the bed to look for Alex. He sighed in relief when he saw the form nearly to the very edge of the bed. He turned his attention to Alex and ran a hand down his lovely arm. He couldn't actually believe that he was in the same bed as the boy who had runaway twelve years ago.
Foxy rose from his side of the bed, wanting to get a view of Roddy just waking.
Walter began to nuzzle Alex's neck then he pushed him toward the middle of the bed, waking the sleeping beauty up finally. Alex smiled at the large man then at Fox. Walter looked over at Fox and told with his eyes what he wanted Fox to do. Fox grinned goofily for a moment then sprawled his long lean frame down beside Alex's. For just a moment, Walter watched as those sweet lips nuzzled the left side of Alex's neck, then Walter took the right side while Alex was content to lay back and feel two sets of lips caressing his body. One hand on his right side then another on his left side began to caress down his belly and he sighed in contentment.
Alex couldn't believe how amazing he felt. Not in a long time did he feel so connected with anyone as he did these two - two people vastly different and yet so delicious together. One balding older man, a complete stranger, and one fey man he had known for some time, were sending him orbiting the sun and back again. He could get used to this.
He let his arms trail down one back and then the next. One was hard as a brick, the other soft and sleek like a seal. The possibilities were endless. He knew he had to talk to Walter about what he had done to his boyfriend but right now he could care less.
Their hands and mouths trailed down either side of him and he was hard and leaking before they even reached his cock. Their tongues trailed up his cock, licking themselves as much as Alex. Their mouths and tongues met at the head and the mutual sucking and lapping sent Alex into a frenzy. They were frenching as much as giving head, tasting and playing. With such a double attack on his already sensitive cock, Alex cried out his release, both of them lapping and swallowing as much as they could while the rest splattered down their face and onto Alex's belly.
They seemed to take it upon themselves to have a competition, who could lick up the most jizm from Alex's body.  Their tongues playfully fenced for a moment before pulling away in exhaustion, settling back into the warmth of their mutual mouths.
Alex purred, stretching himself after such a spell binding cum. "Mm, that was wonderful, guys. I don't think I have had a more delicious morning wake up call-ever!"
He watched with his lids half closed as Walter and Foxy began to caress themselves, their hands on each other's erections, and it looked to be another match to see who could make the other cum first.
A bead of sweat trickled down Foxy's face. Those delicious thick callused fingers rubbing on his cock were sending him into orbit.
Walter loved those long fingers caressing him. It was great, though he would much prefer to have that pretty mouth wrapped around him.
Alex watched for just a second more before he realized where their cum would land, so he crawled over to the other side of the bed and went in search of a couple of towels. He had been in plenty of scenes where he had been the recipient of tons of semen spent on and in his body. He could do without that in his regular life if he could avoid it. He found a couple of clean ones from his bathroom closet and dampened them as quickly as he could then headed back in time for them to spend themselves on them. Foxy came first with Walter shortly afterwards. A mess averted.
Alex handed out t-shirts to them both and a pair of his sweats to Foxy and himself. Walter had to make do with boxer shorts. Alex wanted to run his hands down that tight t-shirt showing every muscle movement of the big man's chest and abdomen. He knew the issue between Walter and himself was not over just because they had some great sex.
"Walter, we must talk...but I am starving. Come on -- I'll make a big breakfast for us all."
Walter's feelings for the porn star doubled, if that was possible. Alex could cook and that was always a plus in Walter's book. Being single for so long, he had learned to cook, but it was hard since he was alone. With his sweet Alex, he knew it would be perfect. Then he looked at Foxy. The lanky boy was all arms and legs. But had the cutest nose to Walter. They could keep him for at least a little while...especially to appease his Alex. Though in the back of his mind, he wondered exactly how much Alex needed Foxy. Maybe it had been the biggest mistake in his life to bring them two together.
Foxy was just so glad to be with two hunky men who were well hung and could fuck like bunnies. He had no clue what either man felt about him but was glad that they both seemed attracted to him. He could guess though that Walter must have coerced Alex into sex with him last night. He frankly didn't understand why. Walter was a brick shithouse and he would have been the one coercing if it had been him in Alex's place last night.
They sat down in the big dining area and waited while Alex served them. Walter grasped one of Alex's hands and kissed the wrist. "You are a very good host, Alex."
Alex sighed. "Let's eat first, Walter. Then we will talk."
Alex saw how heartily Walter ate while Foxy was much more picky. Alex grinned at himself, wondering how many times he would see such a thing at his table. He hoped longer than would otherwise seem reasonable. He would have to set ground rules for Walter, there was no other option he could think of. And Foxy...he did not know what to do about Foxy, except understand what he really felt for the fluffer. Would any relationship they had effect their work? He hoped not. The biggest thing he was not sure of was how Mr. Spender would react to his nephew with his most popular star.
Alex pulled away and cleared the dishes when they were done and Walter quickly came up to help him. Alex smiled at Walter, knowing he could get used to a man wanting to please him so much that he would help him clean up. None of his other lovers had been so attentive.
Walter and Alex moved to the living room, where Foxy was sprawled over the couch, napping while they had been cleaning up. Alex bent and kissed Foxy awake, surprised at how much he loved to be with the long lanky man. Even his nose didn't seem so big after all. It really suited his face and he would look ridiculous if it was changed in anyway.
"Wake up, Foxy." Alex smiled at the fluttering lashes opening up to the sweetest hazel eyes he had ever seen. He could easily get used to seeing those eyes open up in the morning.
Foxy blushed and murmured apologetically; "Eating breakfast always makes me sleepy. I usually skip it."
"That is not good for you, you know."
Foxy grinned. "Now you sound like Bryant."
"Who is that?" Alex asked more sharply than he intended. He was acting like a jealous boyfriend.
Foxy sat up and shook his head, knocking the sleep out of him. "Just a friend, an old friend. He is always trying to get me to change my eating habits. But I don't have the same metabolism as he does."
Alex nodded. Then he looked at Walter. The big guy sat down on one of the comfortable lounge chairs that faced the couch. "Foxy, Walter and I have to discuss something important. Since it will involve you as well, could you stay and listen in for a bit?"
Foxy nodded quickly but Walter frowned, not liking the sound of the bit about it involving the fluffer as well.
"Very well." Alex sat down beside Foxy and looked at Walter. "I have been in many types of relationships, Walter, but I don't think I have ever been with someone who was in love with me first. All my relationships began purely physically then it led to love. If you truly love me as you say, then you must accept some ground rules. Otherwise, I doubt we could ever work out, Walter."
"That sorta gives you all the cards, Alex," Walter growled, not overly liking this Alex who was far more assertive and less acquiescent than he had been the night before.
"If you do not like it, I think you should return to DC."
Walter shook his head. "No, I wouldn't do that. I don't like it overly, but I love you too much not to try."
"Good. I think it would be a wonderful experience for us both, in fact, for us all. That includes Foxy, since right now I don't think I can be with anyone without him."
Walter nodded, blinking back tears of frustration. He knew he had to agree; otherwise all that he had done would go to naught.
"You do realize that I could easily put charges against you for harassing my boyfriends..."
"Boyfriend, Alex. I have only been in California since January."
Alex sat back and stared at him in shock for a second. "You haven't been stalking my other boyfriends?"
Walter shook his head. "No, I haven't. I only attacked Justin in March. Then two times in the past month. That's it."
Alex sighed. "Then I still have a stalker out there. Oh no! I thought you were it. I thought if it was just you, I could deal with it, but now..."
Walter grabbed the nervously clenching fists in his own and began kissing the knuckles. "Whoever it is, Alex, I will find out for you. I will get rid of them."
Alex shook his head. "Oh god, Walter, I don't want you to jeopardize your job!"
Walter shook his head. "You couldn't, Alex. I have been on administrative leave because I fucked up a case I was on. They are investigating it as we speak. I was just foolhardy and was too distracted to pay attention to very obvious clues right before my eyes. I don't know how much longer they will keep me on leave. Hell, they'll probably force me into early retirement now."
Foxy listened to all this with his usual attention to details and gasped, "Alex, your boyfriends have been hounded for the past two years?"
Alex nodded. "Yes, Foxy."
"I think I know who may have done it."
Walter looked at the fluffer as if he had grown wings. "Boy, don't be silly. How could you know from what we just revealed to you?"
"Because, Mr. Big Shot, though I didn't know what was going on at the time, I know my uncle's schedule fairly well. I was his personal assistant before he changed my position." Foxy coughed. "Um, anyway, I was always curious what Uncle Charlie was having Jared doing, but I think I know now."
"Jared? You think Jared has been attacking my boyfriends? But why?"
"I am not sure why. Just that my friend, Bryant, has a major crush on Jared and Bryant has been known to stalk."
"Are you saying Bryant is my stalker?"
"No, not Bryant. But I think he may have witnessed Jared casing your place before, Roddy. I also remember that my uncle mentioned to Jared that he would like him to step up on the jobs he had for him."
"But that could be anything, Foxy."
"Not really. Jared never does anything but sit around yelling at me to go to my uncle and then he just does it because he partly is in love with me." Foxy grinned widely, knowing he was totally pulling their leg. "Anyway, Bryant has this major crush on Jared and I wouldn't put it past him to stalk Jared."
"Why didn't you tell me before this, Foxy?"
"I didn't think it important until now."
They both looked at Walter. "How well do you know your uncle, Foxy?"
Foxy shrugged. "Well, he has been good to me and he is very good to the men he works with...at least until now."
"It just doesn't make sense that your uncle would do that to me, Foxy. He has been so nice to me. He is doing his best to keep me in the business."
Foxy slapped his hand over his mouth. "That must be it then. He doesn't want you to leave. I think he has been worried that you would quit soon, Roddy."
"But why would he think that?"
Foxy shrugged. "Unless he was afraid your boyfriends were a threat in some way."
Roddy's eyes grew big in his face. "Shit, my first boyfriend I had when I began working for your uncle was independently wealthy. He may have thought he would take me away from this life."
Walter nodded. "Damn, Foxy, you are good. You aren't an undercover cop or something?"
Foxy giggled. "Me? Who would let me on a police force?"
Walter shook his head. "You are brilliant at profiling, boy. Maybe you should try out ..."
Foxy gasped. "And leave the porn industry?? Never!"
Alex looked at Foxy and said, "You know, if anyone is wasting their talents, Foxy, it is you. You are very smart and your uncle is keeping you from making it big. I don't really know why..."
Foxy shrugged. "Maybe he wants me to take his place when he retires."
"Then he should let you in on his meetings, Foxy."
"Well, he did at first, but then I met Mr. Hawthorne then Mr. Melinsky. He decided I shouldn't be there anymore."
Alex snickered at that but Walter looked at Foxy curiously.
"Long story," said Foxy.
Alex winked and said, "He has a problem with distracting his uncle's business partners."
"That is bad for business," said Walter sagely.
"Ha!" cried Foxy in protest. "Mr. Hawthorne was quite happy to help after..." He stopped and started blushing.
Walter shook his head and chuckled. "I bet he was, sweet Fox." He grasped Fox and pressed the lean man to him, his hands cupped Fox's ass and breathed, "This is something to help with afterwards."
Alex stared with wide eyes while Walter nuzzled Fox's neck. They looked so sexy together. He had been a fool for so long not realizing how sexy Foxy was all that time he knew him. Those big hands on Foxy's ass made Alex shiver, thinking of how they would feel on his own. Damn, he wondered if they could both stay with him. That would be perfect. He smiled to himself. He was trying to think of the best way around everything. But now what to do about Foxy's uncle? He frowned, trying to think of the best diplomatic solution. He was worried that a direct confrontation would upset Foxy's uncle and who knew what he was capable of.
Just then two pairs of hands grasped him and pulled him out of his reverie. He smiled at them and they kissed him all over. Oh yeah, he could definitely get used to this.
Walter's hands reached around and grasped his ass and then he realized, whether with Foxy's presence or not, he was hard for the big guy. Foxy had no problem being delegated to kissing Alex's neck as Walter pressed their erections together. Walter bent his head slightly and they kissed. Alex's stomach did little flips. Shit, the man could kiss; there was no doubt about that. Their cocks rubbed just right as Walter pumped his hips into Alex's. The younger man moaned into Walter's mouth as Foxy's long fingers ran down his back in feather touches that sent a shiver running through the porn star. He didn't think he could ever get enough of these guys.
He sighed and let them take over. He grasped the back of the couch and then a slick finger slowly entered him. The thickness of the fingers told him it was Walter. He had no clue where Foxy was until after he heard the ripping sound of a condom being opened then the thick bluntness of Walter's cockhead touching him. He looked over and saw Foxy squirming beside him on the couch, and then a wet warmth engulfed his own hard leaking cock that had been dripping down on the leather. Alex closed his eyes, letting the sensations take over him. He grunted as Walter thrust deeply in him after slowly breaching the ring of muscles.
He heard his breath sound harsh in his ears, then realized it was Walter's as well. He cried out when Walter bit his ear just as the big man jabbed inward, hitting his prostate. Alex saw stars for a brief second. The mouth held still as his hips jerked forward involuntarily. Then the mouth proceeded to send his desire higher and higher. The thrusting, sucking and lapping were making it harder and harder for him to keep himself in the position he was in. His arms began to tremble as his legs began to give. He shifted, inadvertently giving deeper access to Walter as well as letting his knees brace against the couch's frame.
The pounding seemed endless but the sucking brought him closer and closer to the edge. Foxy's talented mouth seemed to intuit when it was time to back off for a bit. Alex began to wonder how he was able to gauge such a thing when he felt a big hand reach around and pinched one of his nipples hard. Oh god, that must be a signal of the big man's closeness. His thrusts were more erratic. The pounding seemed endless but the sucking brought him closer and closer to the edge continually.  His teeth were still worrying Alex's ear. The porn star wondered if he would have an earlobe left when they were through, then the mouth seemed to inhale him and he lost all interest in his ear.
With a cry, his eyes rolled back in his head and he came down Foxy's throat. He was losing his ability to stay in that position but thankfully rolled away, bringing the half dead older man with him.
Foxy moaned, feeling his hard cock engulfed by a warm mouth. He hadn't been able to touch himself earlier. Whoever it was knew what to do because in no time he shot his load.
A large shiny head appeared in his line of sight and kissed him. The older man pulled away and smirked at seeing Foxy's eyes closed and his mouth open. He was already lightly snoring. It was the cutest sound Walter had ever heard.
He moved away and let the boys nap. He sat down at the dining room table and drank coffee, trying to figure out the best plan to deal with Foxy's uncle.
After a good while, he kissed Alex awake, licking the sweet lips once those green eyes opened.
"Hey, beautiful. When do you work again?" he murmured.
Alex rubbed his eyes and stretched, looking quite delicious to Walter. "Um, we might shoot some more scenes tonight. Let me call Mac."
Walter moved over to Foxy, giving Alex room to reach the phone. He cupped the ass cheek that hung half off the sofa. Foxy's ass moved with the grope, not at all bothered by such a thing while he slept. Walter wondered how many lovers had groped that ass. It was certainly very gropeable. His thoughts were pulled away from caressing Foxy's when Alex said, "Yeah, Mac said just a few more shots tonight and then we can take the rest of the week off."
"Good. Maybe we can figure out what Foxy's uncle is up to."
Alex took Walter's left hand and said, "Walter, this really isn't your affair. I think Foxy and I can handle it."
It took all of Walter's will power not to growl but he managed and responded softly, "I love you, Alex, and I am certainly becoming fond of Foxy." His hand squeezed tightly around the ass, his thumb rubbing just inside the crease of it. That produced a response, Foxy gasped then blinked awake. "I want to help you figure this out."
"Wha-?" asked Foxy, sleepily.
"Do you know when your uncle returns from his little vacation?"
Foxy shook his head. "No, but I know where he goes when he wants to hide from the IRS."
"You think your uncle will be there now?"
Foxy shrugged. "Probably. I don't think he likes to go far when he is just skipping town for a week or so."
"Does he do that often?"
"Well, on occasion. I think he must keep a mistress there...but I haven't been there. Only once when I was much younger. It's just up north. About fifty miles outside of Redding. He keeps an estate there."
"Hmm," Walter murmured noncommittally.
"Walter, what are you planning?"
"I was just wondering why he would try to keep you single, Alex. Is he really worried that you would leave the business?"
Alex shrugged. "I guess that is it. Why else would he threaten my boyfriends?"
"Hmm, maybe we should pay your uncle a visit, Foxy."
"Go to his estate? I haven't been there in such a long time."
"Do you know how to get there?"
Foxy nodded. "Yeah, I think so. It's been awhile. But once I have been to a place, I rarely forget it."
Walter considered Foxy for a moment then nodded his head. "Great, you can lead us...unless you want to drive us there."
"Shoot, do you know how long a drive it is to Redding?"
"No."
He grinned. "I don't know either."
He winked and Walter slapped his ass.
"You brat."
"I was just a kid," he protested mildly.
"Let's look it up on the computer."
Foxy smiled. "Hey, I am really good with the map directions site."
Alex returned the smile and turned on his computer. Walter and Foxy were busy playing with each other when Alex said, "I think this is the right site to get a good map."
Foxy peered over Alex's shoulder, studying the site on the screen, then he turned his head slightly and licked the cheek closest to him. Alex's eyebrows shot up. Foxy grinned wickedly and breathed, "I always wanted to do that..."
Alex grasped Foxy by the face and kissed him, his tongue licking that full bottom lip until Foxy moaned. Walter watched, only slightly jealous, he was shocked to realize he wasn't sure who he was more jealous of. When they pulled apart to breathe, Foxy quickly turned his attention to the computer and easily typed a few things in, and moved the mouse a few times. "There, it is over five hundred miles. You don't really plan to drive there, do you, Walter?"
"Foxy, you have Weaverville as the destination. What about Redding?"
"Weaverville is closer to my uncle's estate. His estate used to be a tourist resort at one time."
"It must be beautiful up there."
"It is...I don't no why we never went up there more often. Anyway, Uncle Charlie only goes up there a few times a year anyway."
Skinner interjected to say, "Well, looks like we are flying. I do not think we could make it to Weaverville in one day."
"Oh man, I was so looking forward to a road trip!" cried Foxy.
"Well, we could rent a RV," suggested Alex suddenly.
Foxy grinned, he looked like his tail was wagging. Skinner's sour expression faded and he sighed. "You sure you want to go on a long road trip?"
Alex looked to Foxy then back to Walter. "I think I would love to be wherever you two are."
Walter nearly choked in emotion. He moved closer and kissed Alex softly on the lips. "You are more wonderful than I ever could have imagined, Alex."
Later on, Alex left for work while Walter and Foxy called around for places that rented RVs. They found one and Walter went to get it. Foxy, meanwhile, called Bryant and told him all about the road trip, loving the fact he was making his erstwhile boyfriend jealous as hell.
"You went off with Trip last summer and never told me where you two were," he answered in retaliation to the hurtful remarks Bryant paid him. "I, at least, am telling you where I am. I can't give you a number though, because my uncle didn't have one when I was younger and I have no idea if he has one now. Anyway, once we get there I will call you, OK?"
Bryant sighed and said, "Fine, but you have to tell me everything when you get back!"
Foxy snorted. "I haven't even told you all that happened last night, and this morning and after breakfast..."
Bryant laughed. "You damn well better tell me it all or else!"
Foxy giggled. "I will. Kissy, kissy, my master is looking at me sternly."
The stern look on Walter's face faded into a bright smile and Foxy's heart nearly beat out of his chest.
"Bye," Foxy croaked and then fumbled the phone for a second before putting it back as best he could. He half jumped into Walter's big arms, kissing him as if they had all day. Walter's hands squeezed the tight ass until Foxy whimpered against his mouth. Walter pulled away and murmured, "Sorry."
"That's OK, I like it a bit rough." He winked and Walter grabbed him once more and kissed him breathless again.
"Come on, we have to get that RV," growled Walter, pulling the dazed fluffer with him.
By the time they drove the RV back to Alex's cottage, Alex had returned from the studios very happy to start a mini-vacation with his new found lovers.
Alex had left his cell phone number with Mac, letting him know that he and Foxy would be out of town for the next few days. Mac had looked at him oddly for a bit then grinned broadly.
"Well, I wondered when you would get it through your thick head that Foxy was quite willing and available."
Alex smiled at Mac. "I knew. I was just too self involved to think it mattered."
Mac returned the smile. "I am so happy for you both. He is almost like my own kid."
Alex promised, "I will do my best to make him happy, Mac. I have been way too selfish these past few years. No more."
"Good to hear."
What Alex was not aware of was, once he left Mac's office, the older man picked up his phone and waited a bit before he said, "Look's like it worked, sir."
*****
Foxy was jumping up and down in excitement. "The RV is wonderful, Roddy!"  He grabbed the porn star's hand and pulled him into the big machine. "Looky! All the amenities!!"
"It looks wonderful, Foxy." Alex smiled at the excited man and pulled him against his body and kissed him.
Foxy pulled away, his eyes slightly glazed and asked, his voice thick with lust, "What was that for?"
"I think Mac approves of us, Foxy."
"Mac? You told him we were together?"
"I wanted him to know we would be out of town together. He is a smart man, my sweet Foxy."
"I - I just didn't think that you...I mean..."
"You thought I didn't think we were an item? I wouldn't have made love to you if I didn't think we were together. I certainly wouldn't want to go off to the wilds of Northern California with you if I didn't want to be with you and trust you."
Foxy cried out then pressed his face to Alex's chest. "I didn't know if you really- I had no clue what you felt about me, Alex."
Alex ran his hands down the trembling man's back and whispered, "I was a selfish bastard, Foxy. I never realized how much I wanted you until an FBI agent forced me to."
Foxy looked up into Alex's face, curiosity and concern on his face. "Walter didn't force himself on you, did he?"
Alex shook his head. "He frightened me a bit at first, but then he made me realize something about myself that I am so glad for."
"What?"
"You...how much I wanted you, this...and never realized it before."
Foxy snuggled closer against Alex's chest. Walter coughed from the door of the RV. "Hey, we should get this thing supplied so we can get going, boys."
Alex smiled at Walter then softly kissed Foxy's forehead. "You wanna get this thing on the road, Foxy?"
Foxy lifted his head. "You bet!"
They moved apart and entered the cottage with Walter. After looking at all that Alex had supply-wise, Foxy took Walter with him to get a few more things while Alex started loading the RV. Walter picked up a road map of Northern California while Foxy bought  a few games and condoms and lube. Walter smiled broadly at the younger man and said, "Good thinking, Fox."
He grinned back. "Well, we both want to have you as much as possible, Walter."
Walter felt a sense of happiness he hadn't felt in a long time and then a sense of guilt at the way he had forced himself on these two beautiful men. If he hadn't interrupted their lives...
"Hey there, handsome. Come on, I didn't mean anything..."
Walter shook his head. "Don't worry about it, Foxy. I'm fine. Just realizing I must be the luckiest asshole."
"As we are," Foxy purred, moving close enough for only Walter to hear.
*****
When they arrived back at the cottage, Alex was already to go.  "Are we ready?"
They both nodded. "Who should drive first? I can follow street signs fairly well, but maybe one of you should begin since I am unfamiliar with the roads here."
"Let me!" cried Foxy. "I wanna see how well I can drive this big guy."
He grinned broadly and both Walter and Alex groaned.
"I am an excellent driver," he said using the tone of Rain Man.
Walter snorted. "OK, fine."
Walter and Alex settled in the back, gripping the arms of the seats in worry. After a few lurching starts Foxy giggled and said, "I have the hang of it now, guys. No fear."
Alex waited a moment before rising and sitting in Walter's lap and whispered, "I feel much safer now."
A shiver ran down Walter's back and his big arms wrapped tightly around the warm bundle in his arms. He turned his face and pressed his lips to the soft mouth, opening immediately for his tongue. He moaned in his throat as the mouth sucked his tongue. He began to massage the back that seemed to move into his caresses.
After a moment, they heard Foxy call back to them, "Hey, you better be doing what I would be doing otherwise I will be sorely disappointed."
Alex giggled against Walter's mouth. "Should we go up there and tease him, Walter?"
"And risk causing an accident? I think not. Anyway, I am quite happy with the way things are right now." The last was said deeply and Alex sighed in pleasure.
"Fine with me," purred Alex and began licking and sucking against the thick neck next to his mouth.
"I don't think I have ever had sex in an RV before," Walter murmured.
"Me neither. I would love to try..."
They kissed one more time before Alex's hand began patting the thick mound beside his hip. Alex slowly began to unzip the tight jeans Walter was wearing, slowly. Walter could feel each of the teeth of the zipper opening up, sending a pulse straight to his cock. Alex ran his hand down the hard abdomen slowly, sending a shiver down Walter's back. When Alex's hand came to the opened jeans, he reached in and gripped the thick cock that seemed to pulse in his hand. He moved off the muscled leg he was perched on and sat on his knees to take that hard cock in his mouth.
Just then the RV lurched to a stop. Alex grabbed the sides of the seat, keeping his mouth slack to ensure he or Walter would not be injured.
"Sorry!" Foxy called out.
"Damn, Foxy, Alex nearly bit my cock off!"
"Oops! Maybe you should wait until after I get on the freeway..."
"Brat..." but he was cut off as Alex began to suck on his cock industriously. He clasped the bobbing head in his hands and moaned as Alex's tongue caressed the underside of his cock. When Alex deep throated suddenly, Walter groaned out, nearly levitating off the seat. He did his best not to thrust up into that hot wetness, trying to keep himself from cumming too soon. Alex's other hand crept down and began to caress the tightening balls, and then thrust a finger underneath, making Walter's hips jerk upward as he gasped in surprise.
"Alex..." he moaned. "I'm about to cum..."
Alex let his throat relax, giving Walter full access to hump his hips upward, letting the older man fuck his mouth. With a few fast thrusts, Walter moaned out his release. Alex swallowed, and then licked him clean. He pressed his face against Walter's belly while Walter lightly napped, his head leaning back against the back of the seat.
Alex sat for a bit, letting himself relax, then he rose and looked down at the sleeping older man. The man looked so deliciously debauched with his cock still sticking out of his pants. He began to wonder at his forward behavior toward the man who was practically a stranger. He could not believe that he was with such a man. Only a few months ago, he wouldn't be caught within a hundred feet of someone like this Walter Skinner. Especially a federal agent. 'You are getting soft in your old age,' he thought to himself. Then he looked down at the still thick gorgeous cock and snorted to himself. 'Yeah, right.'
He moved toward the front of the RV and sat down on the passenger seat and immediately buckled himself in.
Foxy winked at him. "Looks like you had yourself a protein shake."
Alex winked back. "Shake being the operative word, heavy foot."
Foxy sighed in fake exasperation. "I couldn't help it. There were teenagers necking in front of me, I had to break, otherwise it would have taken us quite a bit longer than we had anticipated..."
"Hush you, and pay attention to the road," growled Alex teasingly.
Foxy pouted then glanced over at the man and saw immediately his problem. "Hey, a truck stop is coming up shortly...I can stop and take care of that for you."
Alex smiled at the eagerness in Foxy's voice. "That's OK, sweetheart. I am fine."
Foxy pouted. "I like protein shakes too..."
"I think Walter would be quite upset if we don't make some headway between LA and Redding."
Foxy smiled slyly. "That's what my intention was!"
Alex shook his head. "You are insatiable, brat!"
Foxy licked his lips slowly and Alex groaned. "How long before that truck stop?"
Foxy perked up and informed him, "After the next exit."
"Let's go for it."
Foxy tried to keep from smiling but it was hard. His cock was twitching at the prospect of being intimate with the man he had come to admire, respect and lust after these past two years they knew each other. 'Down boy,' he told it mentally, not sure if Alex would be up for compensating him. It didn't care in the slightest. He just hoped it would get what it wanted after all.
When he finally moved into the exit and found a good parking spot, he turned on the internal lights as the sun was going down. He looked over at the man still seated and buckled beside him and he smiled almost shyly.
Then he went on his knees and was just about to do the same thing that Alex had done to Walter until Alex's hand held him back.
"Just a second." He unbuckled the seat belt and rose. He pressed himself against Foxy's lean body and kissed him thoroughly. Letting his tongue lick and lap at the full bottom lip and the lovely curved top lip.
Foxy leaned into Alex's body. He became limp against the other man.
Alex had to half-carry him down as he began to kiss down that long neck that beckoned to be marked. Moving over the limp body, Alex ran his hand up the loose t-shirt that hung off the lean frame.  He began to kiss and caress the clavicle with his tongue, letting his teeth graze as his hands went exploring. He pulled the shirt up and kissed the soft skin that was exposed as his fingers unbuttoned and unzipped the pants.
Foxy whispered, "I want to taste you too."
Alex rose then removed his pants and underwear and lined himself up with those luscious lips. He felt Foxy's long fingers take his cock then a hot warmth bathed his glans. He reached into Foxy's pants and pulled out the leaking cock and swallowed it down. They both began to imitate each other's actions, doing a slight trick with their tongue or movement of their head to cause the other to hitch their breath or moan around the cock.
Walter snorted awake from his light nap. Felt a cold breeze against his still exposed cock and rose to zip and button. He was about to move to the front of the RV when he noticed the big lump in the walkway totally blocking the way. He watched as the lump only moved slightly here or there and made only minimal sounds as it continued with its ministrations.
He decided to be tactful and opened the side exit and went around to the driver's side. He opened the door but frowned when he saw the keys still in the ignition. He took them out of the ignition, walked back to the side entrance and entered the RV. The lump was still at it. He sighed then looked around for something to make in the tiny little kitchen.
Alex heard Walter moving about. He was too distracted at the moment to do anything though and continued diligently sucking and licking Foxy's cock then did something all together dastardly. He reached down and performed the same maneuver he had Walter. Foxy nearly gagged on Alex's cock but moaned around his cock then whimpered as he came down the other man's throat.
Foxy gasped out, pulling away from the cock, "You cheated."
Walter chuckled at Foxy. "All's fair in love and war, boy."
When Alex had lapped the tip diligently, he smirked down at the other man. "Walter's right."
Foxy pouted for a moment then he thrust a finger in his mouth and got it all wet then began to circle Alex's anus as he sucked the very hard cock back into his mouth. Alex groaned out and Walter stopped his futile attempts at making something decent. He opened up a beer and sat down to watch the evening's entertainment.
With the wet finger working in and out, it did not take long before Alex cried out his completion. The other man eagerly swallowed it all down.
Walter congratulated Alex then said, "Hey...either one of you good at cooking?"
Alex groaned. "I'll cook, Walter. Just let me get my breath back."
Foxy rose, adjusted himself, zipped up with a satisfied smile and then rushed over to sit in Walter's lap. "Good. I get some quality playtime with Walter."
Alex bent and kissed Foxy then Walter. "I've always loved cooking for my boyfriends."
"You have been with more than one guy before, right?" asked Foxy, curious.
"Actually, no. This is a first for me."
Walter couldn't believe it. From the videos, it looked like Ramrod was a slut. But the reality was a completely different thing.
Alex saw the look and said, "I know it seems unbelievable, but I haven't really been that adventurous. A few times my boyfriend would broach the subject but I am much more of a homebody and a one man guy."
Foxy pouted. "I hope you aren't put out this time..."
Alex shook his head. "Oh no, Foxy. I think with Walter and you, I want a package set."
He thought as he was preparing the light dinner for them all. 'Hmm, maybe that was another reason a few of my boyfriends left. I haven't been overly adventurous.'
He looked over at Walter and Foxy as they kissed and Foxy's hands began to tease Walter's neck and back. They were beautiful together and they seemed to fit, but Alex knew they were missing something, and that was himself. He smiled. It was the first time he felt totally content in a relationship. They were so different physically, emotionally and temperamentally, but together they were something. He realized he was the perfect middleman for their relationship. No doubt about it. He would be the glue to keep this relationship going. He knew he could do it.
After dinner, they continued. This time Walter drove while Foxy slept; Alex sat for a time with Walter then he slept. Alex woke about five hours later and made some coffee. He offered some to Walter and said, "Hey sexy. I can take over now if you want to sleep."
Walter smiled at Alex and nodded. "Sure thing, my sweet boy. Let me find a place to stop."
Alex kissed Walter goodnight then resumed driving. Walter went in the back where it was thankfully dark and smirked, seeing half the bed taken up with Foxy's long body. He pulled up the bottom half of the blanket and tickled Foxy's foot. Foxy murmured and didn't move at all. Walter pondered for a second, then decided he would just half lay on top of the sprawled body. When he did, Foxy totally got the wrong idea and began to caress himself against the body half atop his. 'The little slut!' thought Walter. He lifted the blanket and reached down and grabbed the slowly rising erection and yanked, hard.
"Ow!" cried the now fully awake man.
"Move over, now," growled Walter.
"You didn't have to take it out on my cock!" whined the boy-man. Walter smiled and kissed the frown of that pouty bottom lip. "Go back to sleep or keep Alex company."
Foxy huffed then stretched languidly. "What if I want to fuck?"
"Then you should go fuck the toilet."
Foxy wiggled his ass. "You sure you don't want some of this?"
"Yeah, I do. But preferably in about eight hours from now."
"You are no fun. We should be in Weaverville by that time."
"Oh well."
Foxy sighed then rose up out of the bed gracefully, pride wounded but his half hard cock led him into the bathroom. "And if you must know, I am NOT going to fuck the toilet. I have to take a leak."
Walter could care less; he was halfway to la la land. When Walter woke it was from a good morning kiss by Foxy then Alex. "MMM. I take it that means we have arrived."
"Yeah. We did. But now Foxy is uncertain where to go exactly. We thought after you get up, take a quick shower and eat, you could ask locally if they know of the whereabouts of the Spender estate."
"And why me?"
"Well, you don't look as suspicious as Foxy and I and..."
Walter snorted. "Yeah, right."
"Well, you also have an FBI badge."
Walter sighed and gave up. He sat up on the bed and looked over at the two sexy men watching him as if they were expecting him to perform some acrobatic moves.
"Is there something else?"
"Um, er, yeah. We were ticketed because of where we parked. Could you take care of that while you are at it?"
Walter nodded and decided maybe it was best this way. He could possibly act like a cop and get more information out of the local authorities here than act like a fibbie. After they fed him and promised him lots and lots of makeup sex, he grudgingly went on his way.
They worried about him when he hadn't returned in an hour, but they kept themselves busy because Foxy refused to relax until Alex had fucked him into the mattress. When they had showered, dressed and eaten they were very happy to see Walter appear at the side entrance.
"You missed me, my boys?" he asked, in a rather good mood, considering.
Foxy ran up to him and threw himself in his arms. "Yes, yes, I missed you!"
"Good to hear, because I have to take Sergeant Collins out on a date tonight."
Foxy looked into those brown eyes in curiosity. "You were picked up at a police station? I think I need to move up here!"
"She would be very happy to have more men up here, Foxy. But she may be disappointed in you."
Foxy gasped then punched Walter half-heartedly in the arm.
"Ow!" he exclaimed when his fist contacted hard muscle.
"I can't even beat you properly, Walter. That isn't fair. Bryant always cries when I hit him."
Walter chuckled. "Well, he wasn't a marine like I was, I am sure."
Foxy stared at Walter in amazement then he breathed softly, "You were a marine?"
"Yes..." Foxy's mouth covered his, kissing and caressing his body all over the larger man.
Alex came up and smiled at them. "He has been very affectionate today. Is he on his period?"
Foxy turned a mean look on Alex. "For that, no kisses for you! And you, Walter. I refuse you going out with some female steroid case! No!"
"She isn't, in fact she is rather petite like another lady I work with."
Foxy gasped. "Does she have red hair?"
"Um, yes she does, actually."
"Oh my god!! You know Dana Scully, my cousin!"
"Oh, Dana. I was referring to my secretary, Kim. She also has red hair."
"Kim? Oh my god, Dana always talks about her friend, Kim!"
"She does, huh?"
"Yes! They are inseparable from what Dana says. Whenever they leave work they go out and spend all evening together."
"They do? Hmm, I think it will be kind of hard to face my secretary after that bit. I will be imagining all sorts of things between them." He winked at Foxy whose face reddened.
"Well, you look very pretty like that, Foxy," murmured Walter. "I think, though, that we need to get out of here if we want to ensure that Sergeant Collins doesn't get upset that I have stood her up. She did provide me with directions to get to the Spender Estate after all."
Foxy whooped. "Let's go then!"
Walter took the keys from Alex and started up the RV and they were on their way to the Spender estate.
It was about a ten-minute drive since the traffic was light. But they nearly missed it because they had to look out for a dirt road, which was hidden by lots of underbrush and overgrown grass.
Foxy began to recognize it as they moved through the dirt road and saw a large estate come into view. Walter could tell it was on at least five acres of land.
"I remember it now." Foxy grinned like a little boy. "It was fun but I didn't get to stay very long."
Walter looked at the joyous expression on the other man's face, making him look at least fifteen years younger.
"So, your uncle was a cool man then for a young kid then?"
Foxy smiled at Walter. "He sure was."
Walter smiled, wanted to share in the sheer joy in the other man's boyish face.
Alex kissed Foxy then Walter. "I think your uncle couldn't be too bad, Foxy, if he maybe wanted us to be together."
Walter snorted. "I don't think he counted on me, though."
Foxy pressed his face to Walter's chest. "Maybe he doesn't want us together, I don't know, Alex. He never confides in me with much."
Alex looked at Foxy sadly but didn't comment.
When the RV finally breached the curve of the dirt road, a large mansion like house stood in front of a water fountain. It looked like a governor's mansion.
"Damn, I don't remembering it being so large!"
When they came around the water fountain, they got out and stretched their legs. The door was opened and Jared came over to greet them.
"Foxy, Alex ...what are you doing here? Your uncle wasn't expecting you." The large man turned to Walter. "Sir, have they gotten into mischief?"
"No, not at all. We just wanted to say hello to his uncle. Seems we came across some interesting bit of information that we wanted to share with Mr. Spender."
Jared looked curiously at the FBI agent who was looking completely relaxed in a T-shirt and jeans. "Um, he wasn't expecting visitors. He is conducting some rather delicate business matters at the moment..."
Now it was Walter's turn to look suspicious. "What do you mean? I thought he was on vacation. What other business does a porn maverick need?"
Jared gulped. "I am not at liberty to tell you that..."
Walter moved up into Jared's face, even though the man was at least two inches taller. "I am a federal agent and I demand to know what is going on here. I was authorized to search his business, I am sure it would be nothing to get approval to search his estate as well."
Just then the door opened and Spender walked out. "Let them in, Jared. Mr. Skinner, what an unusual surprise."
"Hi, Uncle Charlie." Foxy smiled at his uncle goofily as if nothing was wrong and everything was normal.
"Foxy, my boy. You sure can pick unusual bed...friends. I never expected you to be with a federal agent."
Alex wondered about that, but the older man smiled warmly at him and he dismissed it.
"It is definitely a pleasure to see my favorite star. How are you, Roddy?"
That was very unusual for Alex to be greeted so informally by Spender. Usually the man called him Mr. Stevens.
"I am doing well, Mr. Spender."
"Charles, please, Roddy."
He moved out of the way to let them enter his house. They entered into a long hall with a long Oriental rug leading into a very large living area. Walter was very impressed at how cozy it was though still very luxurious. Just then he noticed a group of men in Armani. They looked so familiar he nearly did a double take.
"Wha-?" began Skinner, but Spender took them all into a sitting room where he had a servant bring some beverages for them all.
"The men are nothing to do with you, Mr. Skinner. And it is a good thing. Because I am working for the Bureau in the California branch and they would be highly upset if they learned of your false claim of search and seizure." Walter paled. "Since you are a guest in my house and a friend of my nephew's..." He coughed. "I will let it slide for now. I have other important business to attend to."
Walter didn't know what to make of that, he was just so grateful that Spender wasn't going to press charges. Alex and Foxy looked at Walter curiously. They didn't get a chance to contemplate the whole thing before Spender said loudly, "Well, my boys. I see you have been busy while I was away. Entertaining Mr. Skinner."
Foxy blushed furiously. "Well, um..."
"Charles, Walter was kind enough to follow me home that first night he visited..." began Alex awkwardly.
"This is the very reason I am so glad you two could get together, Alex."
Alex looked flummoxed. He didn't even know Mr. Spender knew his real name.
"I wasn't expecting Walter to be in the twosome I had planned, but, that cannot be helped."
They all looked at him in consternation.
"I know this may seem a bit ...unusual, but I was in desperate need of joining you two together."
Alex looked over at Walter uncomfortably.
"No, not the estimable Walter Skinner but with my own flesh and blood, Fox Mulder. I still do not understand why he chose to change his name. It is a very good name. Why do you ask?"
They looked at him dumbly.
"Because I knew my company needed to be put in the right hands. I intend to retire. Right now, working with the Feds on the matter of criminal activities and the porn industry, has left me weary of my earlier designs. I find myself wanting more than what the studios can provide me. So, that means, I must find suitable replacements."  He looked at them critically. "I know you must think that you are not capable of handling the ins and outs of the job. Well, I beg to differ with that notion. You are both quite capable men, both young and strong. You could make much with it. But most especially, I could trust you both to keep it at the high level of security and the mainly drug-free environment that it is today. Maybe individually there would be some problems, but together, I think you two would make a formidable team to replace me." He smiled then, making himself look younger and far more approachable.
They were all a bit nonplused. Alex spoke first, "Mi-Charles, you intended to bring Foxy and I together? For business purposes?"
"Well, yes. Selfishly, that was the main reason. Though, I knew from certain people's observations--who shall remain nameless--that you two were heading in more than a platonic business direction, you just needed a shove to make it work. I did not count on a particular diversion to those plans," he looked at Skinner sharply, "but he has fumbled you both right into my hands. Do not worry, Mr. Skinner. Since my nephew seems to take a shine to you, I am sure all will be fine." He paused to drink some water lying on the table beside the comfortable lounge chair he was in. "Now, if you will excuse me, I have important business to attend. My attendant, Mason, shall be with you shortly to set you up in rooms for your stay. I do hope you intend to stay?" he asked then smiled. "Good. I will join you for dinner in about three hours. Until then..."
He left them and they were all looking rather uncertain and slightly stunned. They looked at each other like strangers having farted in a restroom. They were saved from being mortified by Mason who walked up and asked if they would like something to eat or drink. They declined then were shown to adjoining rooms on the third floor.
"Man, oh man," gasped Foxy, walking into Alex's room directly. "I never thought he cared about me at all."
Alex pulled Foxy to him and kissed him. "Your uncle is amazing. And all along I thought it was Walter who had brought us together. I was so blind. Walter only brought us together faster than anticipated."
Foxy smiled and said, "I am smarter than I act sometimes. It keeps me well attended to. So, I know I can do right by my uncle. With your help, of course."
Alex agreed by kissing Foxy fully, thrusting his tongue in his mouth and pulling away only to breathe, "Let's go get Walter."
They both half ran into the older man's room and stared at him taking his shirt off. He looked at them quizzically.
Alex came closer to Walter and half moaned, "Have I told you how sexy you look in just your jeans?"
Walter snorted. "Thanks, my ego needed that. I hope that what Foxy's uncle said..."
"Shh, Walter, don't ruin the moment.  All I wanna do is be with you and Foxy totally naked on one of these palatial beds."
Walter looked at the four-poster noncommittally. "Yes, I am sure these beds are quite sturdy and strong to hold us, but right now I was thinking of a shower. The RV is certainly not the best place to wash."
Foxy squealed. "Come take a look at the shower in here!! It is big enough for five men."
He was grinning widely at them while running up and down the long shower. Walter chuckled and said, "You are supposed to be undressed in a shower, Foxy. Did you not learn anything?"
Foxy pouted for a moment but loved it when two pairs of hands began taking his clothes off. "I think I could get used to this," he sighed in utter enjoyment.
Their hands ran up and down the lean muscled man, sending his skin tingling with sensitivity.
"What about you two?" He finally managed.
They looked at each other and Alex's hands grasped Walter's jeans button just as Foxy began to unbutton Alex's. Foxy's tongue lapped along the exposed ass cheeks, tempted by the firm plumpness right under his nose. Meanwhile, Walter's big hands ripped Alex's T-shirt right off to gain easy access to his pert nipples. He attacked one with his tongue and teeth while Alex tried to push the tight jeans off the ex-marine. Alex gasped when a warm wetness lapped his anus. But he continued to push and pull down as best he could while Walter sucked hard on the other nipple. The groans coming from the porn star incited Foxy to increase his explorations. He sucked on the pink wet flesh and loved the gasp it caused in his lover. Alex tried to say something but couldn't, his synapses were all gone...all blood rushing down to his anus and cock, pausing along the way to pulse through his throbbing nipples.
Walter said what was on Alex's mind after he pulled away, "We need to get in the shower guys."
Foxy pulled away and groaned, "We might as well get dirty first..."
"You guys were getting me pretty clean there with your tongues..." gasped out Alex.
"We can do this in the shower..." They decided that was just the right answer and they moved toward the shower, Skinner kicking off his jeans and underwear while he was at it.
Walter put a long arm over to turn on the water and was surprised how warm it was almost automatically. The size of the shower caused part of it to steam up and it was if they were in a sauna.
"This is wonderful," sighed Foxy. "I don't remember a shower like this as a kid."
Walter let his whole body drench with the water then let Foxy  get Alex all wet. Walter grabbed the shower gel and quickly began to lather Foxy's lean body. Alex's arms went around his waist and grabbed the shower gel to pour into the porn stars hands then he began to wash the large broad back of the agent. His slippery fingers slipped between the hard ass cheeks and got a groan from the big guy when he caressed across the sensitive nerve endings. He giggled and did it again. Walter was thoroughly distracted from pumping Foxy's long dick with his slippery fist. He turned suddenly, after feeling that finger stab inwards a few times, and grabbed the giggling man and thrust his tongue down his throat. Foxy eyes widened to see a soapy ass pointing directly at him. And his cock seemed to know exactly what to do. He ran his soapy flesh right against the crack of the hard cheeks and moaned his delight. The slippery soap, the tight cheeks and his already hard cock nearly sent him over the edge until he heard Walter groan, "Go ahead, Foxy, fuck me."
Foxy nearly fainted. Walter was bending over slightly, lifting his ass for Foxy to access his hole better. He gripped those strong hips in his hands, aimed himself just right then let the big man have it. It was the tightest place Foxy's cock had ever been in. He grunted in effort as he slowly eased inside the tight channel.
"When was the last time you were fucked, Walter?" he half ground out between clenched teeth, hoping not to lose it too soon.
"About ten years," Walter panted out. He took Alex's pretty cock in his hand and began pumping it. As Foxy got into the swing of things, Walter swallowed the cock whole. Alex cried out, feeling like he was being sucked by a univac.
Foxy was having the time of his life, thrusting deeply into that sweet tight channel that at once pushed and squeezed him almost unbearably and, at the same time, let him in easily.
Alex's fingers held onto Walter's ears, the big man's head was too slick to hold onto, as Walter sucked on him some more.  Just when Alex was about to cum, he pulled back and came right onto the hot wet cum covered tongue while Foxy pulled out and came all over Walter's ass. Foxy leaned against the wall of the shower for a moment catching his breath while Alex pressed his body to Walter's. He felt a hard cock that still hadn't cum. He started to slide down to take it in his mouth but Walter gripped his swollen cock tightly in his grip and began to jerk off. Foxy moved up closer and wrapped his own hand around the large organ and began to pump along with him. Alex, sensing a moment, put his hand as well on it and they all pumped Walter's cock together in unison.
Foxy giggled for a moment, thinking 'All for one and one for all,' but was lost in the moment of the seizing up of balls and the splattering his cum across the shower to the sliding door. They were all very impressed, but too out of it to comment.
Exhausted, they crawled into bed. Tomorrow, they would start their new life together, but that was tomorrow. Tonight, they were content to sleep and dream of each other.
THE END


Title: Epilogue to Porn Star
Author: Bertie
Date: 12/11/01
Fandom: XF
Pairing: M/Sk/K
Category: PWP
Rating: NC-17
Status: Complete
Archive: sure
Feedback: 
Series/Sequel: probably more to come;)
Other website: http://www.squidge.org/~vyper/BertiesFics/PornStar.htm
Warning: Major AU. Ramrod Stevens is Alex-porn star extraordinaire, Foxy McCoy is Fox Mulder-his fluffer and Walter Skinner is an FBI agent who gets caught up in the porn world;)
Disclaimers: These characters have been through so many characterizations, scenes, universes, positions (my personal favorite;). So I don't think it would hurt too much to put them in this world I created for them.
Notes: To my tireless and amazing beta, the Goddess Michele, may she reign supreme forever. To refer back to the orginial story click above link.
Foxy woke with a smile on his face; he had just had the most amazing dream. He was with the most fabulous, delicious and beautiful man in the whole world and the man loved him. They had made long, passionate love together all night before falling asleep together, exhausted, when dawn finally arrived. He stretched languidly and his hand encountered a large lump beside him. He automatically thought: 'Ugh! Bryant spent the night with me again? I must be desperate!'
He turned over to look at the lump, ready to crinkle his nose at the odor, and discovered instead a vision of loveliness. There lay, in such sweet repose, the most fabulous, delicious and beautiful man of his dreams. Foxy felt like screaming for joy, but he settled for licking those sweet lips, kissing those lovely closed eyes and long lashes, and nibbling the end of that cute nose until the owner of all that fabulousness was awake.
It had only been two weeks since Uncle Charlie had given him the full ownership of the Starlight Studios, and it still felt like a dream sometimes. Especially now, with his heart's desire waking under his kisses like something out of a fairy tale. An X-Rated fairy tale to be sure, but Foxy wasn't one to argue semantics.
A smile that sent a fire through him beamed out and Foxy thought he'd melt from the heat of that grin. His cock was twitching good morning, but before he could touch it, Alex reached over and started pumping it, slowly at first then, increasing the pace as Foxy grew more aroused. Foxy moaned, wanting to feel more, but also wanting to feel his lover.
"L-let me," he managed. He reached over and grasped Alex's erection in his hands.
Alex moaned, loving having his fluffer touch him. He immediately chastised himself for thinking that; Foxy was much more than just his fluffer. He was his lover, and his forever he hoped.
Just then a large hand came up from the depths of the bed sheets and wrapped itself over both of theirs. Walter, thought Foxy. How could he forget the one man who had brought them together and was now responsible for fucking them both silly practically every night? Foxy loved the feel of those big strong hands working his body-he didn't think he could get enough of them.
Alex turned his head and Walter claimed those sweet lips for his own. He gasped into the big man's mouth as Walter's cock slipped into his still loosened hole. Foxy watched them making love, feeling so privileged to be with such amazingly beautiful and loving men. His lovers hands continued to caress his cock, though more desperately, until Foxy gasped, then came all over.
Those amazing hands were working on Alex's cock as well, and doing a good job of sending him over the edge. Between the manual stimulation, and the feel of Walter's big cock sliding inside him, hit his prostate coming and going was a potent combination and soon Alex was crying out his release.  Walter let his lover spasm around him but then continued to pound into the hot wet hole. Foxy watched with his eyes half shut then reached over and tickled under the big man's scrotum. That did it; Walter was coming into his lover.
When they finally rose and stumbled into the shower to clean up, it was nearly time to get ready for work. Alex made them a big breakfast and then they all kissed each other just before climbing into Alex's car.
Walter had been permanently removed of duty, which he gladly accepted. There was nothing left in DC but old memories and deep regrets. He was simply grateful he was allowed retirement benefits and had no urge to return to Washington.  Having a home to move in to had helped the situation, but having two amazingly loving and adorable men to share it with, made it the best gift he could have been given.
Alex looked over at the two men in his car. They were so different and yet so perfect for him and each other. He worried about Walter though. The man seemed to sometimes be on the edge of boiling over with some unspoken emotions, and he couldn't understand why. He did know that when he touched him, the man seemed to calm, relax visibly and start to get out of whatever fugue he was getting into.
Other times the fugue state worked wonders for the bedroom. He smiled at the small ache in his backside that seemed to say; "I can do this more often."
When they reached the studios, Mac greeted them with a smile. "The boys are doing well, Foxy. Trevor had to be sent home, though. Came today with liquor practically soaked into his clothes."
Foxy sighed. "Trevor needs help, Mac. Is this still because of his lover leaving him?"
Mac nodded. "I am sure of it."
"Set him up with an appointment, Mac. Otherwise we will just have to let him go."
Mac nodded and said, "Will do."
Mac loved this new very efficient and assertive Foxy McCoy. He had always known that the boy had it in him and was glad he was now running the business very effectively since Spender had retired.  He had to admit that sometimes he still missed the old man, who had let him do his thing totally without interference. Foxy was far more hands on. Mac smirked at that analogy as he watched Foxy walk away with Alex and Walter trailing behind him. He was definitely more hands on with the star of the studios.
Once in his office Foxy kissed Walter and watched as Alex did as well. Walter then left the office to stand guard outside the main office. Turning to his star, Foxy smiled warmly. "Shall we get down to business?"
Alex smiled back at him. "Oh yeah."
Foxy watched as his star shimmied out of his clothes in a very seductive little dance that had his cock twitching in his pants.
In no time, Foxy was sprawled against the desk of his office, his legs hiked over Alex's shoulders and his star was plumbing his asshole.
They had set up a camera in the walls where they would film each other in the office and they were planning on editing it and calling it The Executive and his Playmate.
Walter stood outside the office, waiting to be invited in. He joined in the fun every once and awhile. Foxy said that could be edited later and made into another video called The Executive, his Playmate and the Security Guard. Walter just lifted his eyebrow but went with it. How could he say no to his two beautiful lovers? He wasn't camera shy; the enthusiasm of his lovers helped him forget that it was even there. It certainly beat the tedium of being Foxy's personal bodyguard.
He squirmed when he heard some familiar sounds behind the executive office door.
'Fuck this!' he thought. He decided that today would be an extra editing day, and immediately entered the office. A huge grin spread across his face as he heard Foxy moaning loudly while Alex fucked him.
Walter couldn't resist. He had to be a part of it. So he came up behind Alex and began to rim him. The semi-retired porn star moaned as that thick hot tongue thrust into him. Walter loved to taste him, and had been very happy to learn that Alex had never come from someone doing that to him before, but he came the first time the older man had done that to him.
Alex had stilled his thrusting while Walter was rimming him, and Foxy did not like that one bit. He grabbed Alex by the hair and pulled him down to kiss him, letting his tongue tell his lover without words just what he was missing. Alex's tongue tangled with his as they fought for dominance. Soon his hips were bucking back against Walter's thrusting tongue and he had to pull away from Foxy to moan, "Fuck me, Walter."
Foxy smiled in triumph as Walter's cock pushed Alex forward into him. They seemed to both be fucking the executive together and it was not long before the big man's thrusts were sending him over the edge. Alex was pulled down again for another passionate kiss as Foxy came all over.
Alex gasped in sweet lungfuls of air through Foxy's lips as his own orgasm hit him with the force of a hurricane. The clamping of Alex's muscles sent Walter over the edge and he roared out his completion deep within his lover.
They lay there still connected until Foxy cried out; he was slowly being suffocated from  the combined weight of his lovers. Walter slowly pulled out of Alex, and then watched as the younger man pulled off of Foxy, cum slowly pouring down his long thighs. Foxy moaned a bit, feeling his muscles try to regain their strength. He didn't know if he would be able to sit down. Alex reached out a hand and Foxy gratefully took it, letting his lover pull him up from the desk.
"Well, that will definitely have to be edited out." Foxy smiled warmly to his lovers. "That was wonderful. I wonder who should be on the bottom next?" He said this looking pointedly at Walter.
Walter gave a big grin. "Hey, I'm up for it."
Alex snickered. "No, you aren't, big guy." He looked pointedly at the slowly shrinking cock against Walter's balls.
Walter just grinned back. "Well, maybe later."
"I'm starving. What's on the menu today, boys?" asked Foxy, suddenly feeling all managerial.
"I think we should clean up. Delivery boys get upset when they find us nude. You know what that last boy did."
"Well, he was downright rude screaming like that! I wasn't going to eat him, Walter.well, not much." Foxy winked then sighed in concession. "Very well. A clean up then lunch. I think we worked up an appetite."
*****
Walter lay in the pool that he had insisted they purchase once he'd completed his move to California. It was almost midnight, but he could care less. Even after the sun had gone down, the air was still warm, unlike D.C., and he let the warmth that still enveloped him lull him into a light nap. His last waking thought was that he had never felt so carefree and fulfilled. It seemed like he had spent most of his forty-nine years on earth dragging his carcass through life in the most dismal fashion, not realizing what was out there for him. He felt so much better now.
Alex looked over at Foxy who was reading a Cosmo article about how to make your man beg.
"Baby, I think we need to go check on Walter. He has been out in that pool for too long."
Foxy smiled. "He likes it out there. He says that's the life. He is retired you know."
"Yes, and it might be cute for a man in his twenties, like Ben in The Graduate, but when you are pushing fifty-not so much."
Foxy looked at Alex curiously then rose and said, "Come on. Let's see how cute he is."
The young studio owner went out the back to the verandah and saw the large dark figure lying in the pool. He thought he saw movement, but couldn't be sure in the darkness, so he decided to turn on the floodlights. When the light illuminated Walter lying on a float in the middle of the pool, Foxy finally saw what the movement was and he grinned.
Alex came up to him and Foxy put his finger to his lips and then pointed to Walter. The older man was lying on the flotation device with a very soft smile and a very impressive erection. Alex had to choke back a giggle.
"What is he thinking about?" whispered Foxy to Alex.
"You have to ask?" His lover winked knowingly.
"Let's go join "big and ready" out in the pool," Foxy insisted.
Alex went over to the stack of equipment lying beside the pool and found a float for him and Foxy, then watched as his lover stripped, shimmying his ass to get out of his pants in a way that he knew Alex loved.
Alex was glad that Walter had insisted they build up the barrier walls between them and the neighbors. He didn't know them very well, but even if he did, he didn't think it would be right for them to get an eyeful whenever Walter became frisky in their back yard, which happened far too often. As Foxy removed the last of his clothes, Alex thought again how gorgeous his lover was stripped bare and he didn't think he should give anyone a free show. Foxy's body belonged to him and Walter.
Foxy took one of the floats and put it on the water then turned to watch as his lover stripped, totally unconscious of giving a show whenever he moved. Then Alex put his float down in the water and gingerly slid onto it as quietly as he could. Foxy did the same, trying hard not to squeal whenever the cool water touched his flesh. They slowly and quietly moved toward Walter, whose erection seemed to have grown even more impressive, if that was possible.
Alex moved toward his feet while Foxy went to Walter's side. He smiled at Alex then bent and enveloped that big impressive cockhead into his mouth just as Alex bent down to lick at his lover's balls.
Walter woke up then with a start. He groaned. "Oh god!! You boys scared me for a second."
Then he moaned softly as Foxy's tongue worked wonders on the nerve endings just under the glans. Feeling Alex's tongue lap along his furry balls was pure heaven. He stretched back and relaxed with a sigh, letting his boys do him as only they could.
They thoroughly sucked and licked and worked on Walter while his arms were folded behind his head, and he just sat back and enjoyed it, his mind thoroughly blank but for the sounds and feel of tongues and mouths on him.
Alex pulled away and looked up at Walter's blissful expression. He grinned then bent down to suckle under his ball sac causing Walter to gasp, and his balls to draw up close to his body. Alex thought, 'About time!'
His tongue went exploring and came across Foxy's, and soon they were both thrusting in and out of Walter's asshole. Walter groaned and grabbed Foxy's head.
"Hey, that's my forehead you have there!" Foxy protested.
Walter nearly thrust his cock up Foxy's nose trying to get those delicious lips back around him. Foxy opened up and let him in, this time letting his teeth lightly graze over the sensitive flesh, and the nerve endings lying just under the surface. Walter gasped then came explosively down Foxy's throat.
His lovers gazed at him with lust in their eyes, but he was way too blissful to move. Foxy became quite annoyed with this lack of response, and with a wink for Alex, he grabbed one end of the float and flipped it hard. Walter roared in shock as his blissed-out body was wakened rudely by cold water.
He turned to Foxy who screamed in mock terror and pretended to pull away. Walter grabbed his lover's float and bodily turned Foxy and his float over. Foxy squealed the whole time as his body fell into the water. He then turned on Alex who shook his head, protesting vociferously. "It wasn't me, Walter..."
"You could've stopped him!"
Alex's brows shot up asking clearly 'And how was I to do that?'
"You could've..." But he felt better by dunking Foxy's head in the water with a hard push of his hand and a yelp from Foxy that was cut off satisfyingly.
Foxy grabbed the first thing he could...Walter's cock...and pulled-hard. Walter roared again, this time in pain. He grabbed Foxy and pulled him into a tight bear hug, wrapping his body tight around the younger man's to effectively pin his arms and legs. Foxy did the only thing he could under the circumstances; he thrust his tongue down Walter's throat, hoping to distract him. Which turned out to be just the right thing to do to calm the savage beast.
Alex felt thoroughly left out, and didn't like it one bit, so he slunk off his float and moved up behind Foxy to kiss that irresistible neck. Walter pulled away from those limpet-like lips and felt a new wave of lust wash over him as he watched his two lovers. Foxy moaned while Alex's tongue lapped at his neck and his hands came up to pinch and pull on two very pert nipples. Walter found one of the capsized floats, righted it, and lay back on it to watch his lovers in action.
Alex was holding an unresisting Foxy in his hands in no time, and he continued to tease the younger man with mouth and hands as he brought him over to the side of the pool to lay him down like a limp noodle, his long legs dangling down into the water. He pulled open those plump ass cheeks and moved back so Walter could get a good look, and then dove down to lap and nibble at the exposed crinkled flesh.
Walter moved his float closer to get a better view as one lover thoroughly sent the other into orbit. Though he was thinking Foxy was already one fruit loop away from outer space anyway. His cock twitched at the erotic sight but he was too out of it for more than just watching. He soon drifted off to sleep just before Alex pulled away to insert his cock into the slick loosened hole of his lover.
*****
Foxy stood before him dressed in an elegant Armani suit. His carefree demeanor thoroughly gone and Walter knew something was wrong. He was about to stand up and press the young man to him when he realized he was back in his office. He didn't understand how he could be back in DC in his office...
Wasn't he... ?
He was interrupted from his private musings when Foxy growled, "Sir, I know I was supposed to report to you immediately, but there were more urgent matters..."
Skinner was perplexed. He had never known Foxy to sound so gruff before. He frowned at him and asked, "Are you all right, Foxy?"
"Sir? I thought we had already established that I prefer to be called Mulder..."
"Mulder? I thought you had changed your last name to McCoy..."
Foxy was the one who looked perplexed now. "Sir, I think you're ill. Maybe you should lie down. I'll call Scully..."
"Isn't that your cousin, Foxy? Why would you do that?"
"Sir, Agent Scully is my partner. Do you know where you are?" Foxy reached into his breast pocket and pulled out a cell phone. He dialed quickly, tapped a foot impatiently, and finally talked into it.
"Scully, I think you should come up here. Skinner seems to be ill. Maybe it's the nanotechnology he was exposed to."
Walter stood up and moved to the sofa in the outer office to lie down. He didn't understand what was happening. He felt fine but something certainly wasn't right. He seemed to fit in naturally to these unusual surroundings, without causing much concern. No, the biggest discrepancy seemed to be with Foxy, who was acting more oddly than he ever remembered him doing so.
Just then the door opened and Agent Scully entered. Immediately he was bombarded with images and facts about this strange new world he was in. Foxy was Fox Mulder, agent of the FBI and he was the head of the X-Files, a small and unusual division of the departments that Walter supervised. Dana Scully was his partner and they were formidable together. But it was the details of his own life as they related it to him that unnerved him the most. Apparently, he was a divorced man living alone in a condo in Crystal City. The sudden loneliness of this life gripped him and he was scared out of his mind. 'Oh fuck, I am really just a spineless pencil pusher in DC and I will never get out of here. I will die old and wretched sitting in my office.'
When Mulder saw his boss start to cry he felt wretched. 'The poor man needs to get help!' he thought.
"Skinner? Skinner? Sir, are you all right?"  asked the pretty Dana Scully.
He looked deep into her concerned blue eyes and kept sobbing. He clicked his heels, almost by accident, had a ridiculous thought, realized that he'd be willing to try anything to get out of here, and did it again, all the while thinking 'there's no place like home, there's no place like home.'
A splash of water on his face woke him up and he roared in shock. "Walter, wake up, its almost five!"
"F-foxy? Is it really you?" He looked at Foxy as though he was a speedo-clad hallucination.
Foxy looked at Walter then rolled his eyes and giggled. "Of course it's me, doofus. Who else would it be?"
"Oh, thank god!" He grabbed Foxy and pressed him to his body, kissing him soundly.
"Hey, you two! Don't you think it's time to call it a day? Or a night? In three hours the sun is gonna be up."
Walter looked up to see Alex wearing a short robe, which barely covered his `assets' and completely showed off his sexy legs. He had two matching robes in his arms for him and Foxy. Just seeing him standing there, coupled with Foxy's proximity, Walter was immediately filled with the desire to be with his boys and in the most intimate of ways. The bedroom would fit far better than the pool, he decided, and quickly scrambled off the float, pulling Foxy with him out of the pool.
"Loverboy, I am willing, just let me catch my breath!" Foxy quipped.
Walter grabbed the robes from Alex and dressed Foxy in one, then pulled the other one over himself. The younger man gave Alex an inquisitive look, and then they both were being dragged into the house by one very determined, if slightly damp, former fed.
Once inside, he marched them to the master bedroom and ordered them to strip. Foxy winked and began a little tease while Alex did the same, matching Foxy's moves very well. Walter was soon breathing heavy watching his two lovers strip for him.
The older man ordered them to kiss. They did so enthusiastically, their hands roaming their bodies, pinching here, strumming there.
Walter was practically panting by the time they looked over at him, wordlessly asking their Master for instructions.
"Foxy, lay down on your back." He waited for his lover to comply then ordered,  "Spread those gorgeous long legs wide."
Both he and Alex stared down at the beauty spread open before them. Foxy's cock was hard and leaking as his lovers' eyes roamed over him. Alex looked up at Walter and pleaded with his eyes for instructions, and the older man grinned and winked at him.
"Go down on him, Alex."
Alex, being clever, straddled Foxy and holding the man's erect cock upright, slowly sat down on it, bit by bit.
Walter moaned at the sight as Alex worked himself slowly onto that long erection. Foxy was gripping the sheets of the bed, not sure how much longer he could take the tight heat of his lover.
Establishing a quick and demanding rhythm, Alex threw back his head and silently cried out, and it didn't take long for his pleasure to overwhelm him. Just as Alex's body clenched down on Foxy, his cum splattering on his lover's stomach, the studio owner gasped and came deep within the porn star. Walter, stroking himself continuously since they began, moved closer and came on Foxy's belly, his seed mingling with Alex's.
He looked down once his blood pressure lessened and saw Alex collapsed down onto Foxy's cum stained body. Both men had their eyes closed and they were stroking each other's bodies softly, wringing the last vestiges of pleasure out of one another. Walter kissed them both before getting a cloth to clean them.
When he was finished tending to them, they snuggled all together in each others arms. Walter found himself drifting off to sleep utterly content to be their lover, rather than that sad, washed out version of himself in his dream.
Archived: December 30, 2001
Halloween was the one night of they year that demons and spirits had no powers on earth, in fact they couldn't even cross over and it was all thanks to the humble pumpkin. Just a vegetable and yet it's power could control the creatures of the night, keep the humans from harm. The dryad who's spirit had been born from it was that strong. He could control the doors of life and death, keep evil at bay and give many a good nights sleep but his power made him a target. Every year the demons had to make him stop and that was where Gackt came in.
Gackt was a vampire, a demon born from a human which meant that his existence couldn't be removed by the pumpkin dryad but he wasn't the only one who was stood at the edge of the pumpkin patch preparing to fight his way to the orange haired spirit sat on a large pumpkin in the middle. Many of his own kind waited, all wanting to be the one.
To his left stood a witch, a human with demon power who wanted glory, a little further up was a werewolf, his nose twitching as he caught the scent of his prey. There was a lot of honour to be won, if you could slay the pumpkin dryad and release the demons back into the world.
Gackt had won this race many a time in his long life and he doubted tonight would be different, he was a cocky, arrogant vampire, but he was also clever and patient. He knew from experience running first into the field was death, just like the others here who waited. The dryad in the centre knew they were here and like always would fight for his right to live.
A foolish witch broke ranks and bolted into the fields getting consumed by pumpkin vines, his neck broken, and he was out of the game. Gackt smirked and let a few others rush forward eyeing the closest witch warily, Mana had come close last year and he couldn't underestimate the other. There was a risk in this waiting game, someone could get there first, but running forward too soon when the dryad was at his strongest wasn't any better.
In the end Gackt moved before Mana, twin daggers in his hands as he sliced through the vines that tried to stop him. He was good at this game, had learnt many of the dryads tricks so the volley of pumpkins aimed at his head was no surprise, he ducked and watched them sail over him already running when the vines attacked.
The werewolf from before snarled and leapt at him but his daggers were silver and the wolf fell, foolish to have even tried to stop Gackt. That was the problem here, many of the old players knew he had been the victor the last three years and would try and take him out.
Fire spread in front of him and Gackt stopped dead in his tracks as the witch Mana ran past him, his greatest weakness was the witches strength and he watched helpless as the witch got ahead. Frustrated he ran left trying to out run the fire that was spreading through the pumpkin patch, eventually he got around and continued his journey to the centre laughing hysterically as he saw Mana hiding beneath a magic shield as a rain of pumpkins fell towards him. This game was the best, he loved it even when he didn't win but he'd promised the dryad last year he'd die on his blade again, Gackt always kept his promises.
Ducking and weaving Gackt got closer expertly navigating the vines and pumpkin missiles until he reached the centre where the dryad now stood watching over the scene, his face strained with focus. He was as beautiful as he always was, his long hair shining like fire, his gentle features giving him a kind and handsome appearance, his strong body rippling with muscles and covered only by a pair of tight fitting jeans.
This was where the game got the most dangerous, you had to defeat the dryad whilst not getting killed by the others around you. Gackt could have stabbed the other in the back right now but he'd grown bored of easy victories centuries before.
“Kami accept your defeat!” Gackt called and stunned Kami, the dryad, turned around looking pleased but frustrated. He knew he had lost to Gackt and he nodded his acceptance before working on keeping the remaining attackers at bay.
“I knew it! He lets you win!” Mana screamed as he too reached the clearing around the large pumpkin.
“I got here by my own powers.” Gackt replied. “Just because Kami and I have an agreement doesn't mean he wants me to win. He wants to live you know. He merely accepts his death is at my hand tonight. Only now I’ve won, has he called off his attack.”
“You cheat!” Mana snarled turning into a burning pillar as he advanced on Gackt. Gackt feared he was done for but to his surprise Kami sent a vine around Mana's neck strangling him in an instance. It was the first time Kami had ever helped him remove the hunters that made it to his inner sanctum and Gackt was both surprised and pleased to realise he was now the only one left.
“Why did you help me?” Gackt asked. “Surely you'd love to watch me die?”
“It's true you've killed me more than most.” Kami agreed. “But Mana is cruel. His death is a slow roasting, as my fields around me burn. I screamed for hours as I died last time he was the victor. I wanted him dead more than you, don't take this as a kindness.”
“I could have stabbed you in the back and ended the game before anyway.” Gackt replied casually.
“Game? For you maybe. For me this is my life. Always I must die this day. Good will never win.” Kami said with a sigh.
“And with your death the pumpkins swivel up and die too. Yet here you are, every year, with the power to stop evil.” Gackt retorted.
“Pumpkins are eternal.” Kami replied. “Their seeds store the energy for me to be reborn and every year humans plant enough for me to grow to my true strength. You will never defeat me, why not drop your blade?”
“I'd rather have one night without evil than eternity.” Gackt explained. “On Halloween my fangs won't grow, my body won't heal, I can't even hypnotise the weakest soul. I'm barely better than a human on this night.”
“Then I should fight you, kill you now.” Kami replied. “While you are weak and I am strong.”
“But you won't, because you love me.” Gackt retorted not fighting the vines that shot our from the field trapping his arms and legs so he couldn't move.
“How can I love you? You're evil.” Kami complained.
“You yearn to die in my hands. This power, we both know you don't want it.” Gackt replied and before him Kami dropped his pretence of anything but love for the vampire.
“Your death is always gentle.” Kami admitted as he jumped down from his pumpkin and closed the distance between Gackt and himself. “But you know the price I ask, so that you can live and do this wicked deed.”
“You can have it.” Gackt promised feeling the vines subside, replaced by Kami's gentle arms. Their embrace was warm, despite the coldness that always surrounded the vampire, the kiss full off affection. Death had united these lovers and whilst they only ever met on this night, and Gackt didn't always make it to this point, they both waited for it all year long.
This part of the game wasn't in the rules, it was something they had invented between them and it had only been accident that this had even started, but somehow a pact had formed between them. Gackt would be the one to kill Kami if he was the last one standing, but first Kami would get a chance to express his secret desires.
The dryads hands wandered over Gackt's body as they kissed, black leather armour falling away as he expressed this very physical love. Right and wrong, good and evil, all were labels the dryad had learned to hate. His fate was to die every year, he no longer tried to fight that, how was his life fair? How was that right? The one year he had won the game he had fallen terribly sick and died anyway, something out there wanted him to die, and so he would take his pleasure first.
Gackt wasn't the submissive type, he was dominant and strong but tonight he turned around and leant over the large pumpkin groaning as the dryad penetrated him. This was his gift to the other and part of him loved being dominated by this usually gentle soul. His moans filled the field as the other took him hard and without mercy. It hurt but pain was pleasure and soon Gackt was shaking with uncontrolled passion, his fingers leaving gashes in the pumpkin as he held on.
When Kami came Gackt waited for him to pull out before pushing the other one to the ground and introducing his erection to Kami's lips. His movements weren't harsh but he did grab the others hair as he encouraged the other to suck him harder, take his length in deeper until he too found sexual release and the couple pulled away tired and wary because now the love making was done it was time to say goodbye.
“Hold me.” Kami got out. “I want to be in your arms when I die.”
“Like I'd kill you in any other way.” Gackt whispered sitting with his back to the pumpkin, a silver dagger in his hand. Without a pause Kami sat beside him leaning against the other as the knife stabbed his heart. Tears fell, tinted orange as his green blood flowed from his now stilled heart.
“Thank you.” Kami whispered. “For being kind.”
“I'll be kind next year.” Gackt promised watching as the other began to become dust in the wind. He too was crying, but his victory also awaited him so he got dressed, the pain in his ass the only physical reminder Kami was here as the pumpkin field too was fading and becoming dirt.
“So you beat him again.” a cold voice mocked and Gackt turned to face the blond angel who always appeared when Kami died.
“And you will save his soul.” Gackt replied. “Just like you do every year.”
“He will be reborn.” the angel confirmed picking up a silver pumpkin seed from the ground and blowing life into it. As always the angel buried the seed in the same spot it had fallen so that the dryad could be born again.
“I'll see you next year.” Gackt commented and the angel nodded before spreading his wings and taking to the sky. Gackt hadn't been talking to him anyway, he'd been talking to the seed that rested beneath his feet magically protected so no harm would come to it. Kami was eternal, of that Gackt was convinced.
“Inside the dream. Inside the memory. You and I will meet again.” Gackt promised before he too left the field, his heart yearning for his lost love. The one he could only ever have once, and only on Halloween.

The first time Mark gave Mike a blowjob – or at least tried to – it was pretty disastrous.  Mark tried to take in Mike’s entire length all at once and quickly started gagging.  Luckily Mike was completely understanding, and recounted his own bad experience from the first time he gave a blowjob.
The second time, Mark went slower, but still ended up gagging partway through after taking in too much of Mike’s length.  Mark figured that Mike would be annoyed this time, but he was still understanding, something that baffled Mark.
The third time Mark gave Mike a blowjob, there were no mishaps, and Mike orgasmed, so clearly he did something right.  He supposes there is something to the third time being the charm.


cover art by rscreighton

Mobile Streaming
The desert is more vibrant than Phil expected.
Last year, and the years before, when they trundled through it on a bus his impression could be boiled down to hot, dry and beige.
It was just a dark space to pass through, less interesting than digging his toes under Dan's thighs until he yowled in distraction and lost the latest round of whatever dumb thing they were playing that day.
The desert was just a backdrop to them running off to do another tour, the most expensive kind of procrastination.
Phil's anxiety is a thing that can be outrun, can be washed out, can be forgotten if he just keeps moving.
And Dan's depression is the kind of thing that will always pull him back in, but it never stops Dan from running.
It hadn't been in either of their best interests to stop moving, and there was always another project. Another book, another tour, another video.
There's a line a small plants, lining the walkway of the house they're staying at. Most of the plant life surrounding them is scrubby, pointy and brown. But these aren't.
When Phil stops and stoops down to get a closer look, he can see they're covered in tiny, fleshy leaves of pink and purple, and thin sharp spines.
-
Everything he’s learned about deserts prepared him for the nights to be a shivering, teeth chattering affair. The truth is that it's so hot during the day he feels a little like he’s inhaling fire if he stops and thinks about it too hard. The nights are cooler. They’re the kind of temperatures that leave his skin prickled with gooseflesh and his lungs expanding for the first time in hours, big with dusty, cool air.
There’s no one and nothing around them for miles but scrubland and whatever little skittering things are out in the night. The darkness comes at night pink, then plum, then a dark so deep it feels like a hard kind of nothingness is wrapped around them. Phil has to look up to the pinpricked sky just to remind himself that he’s still here, that he hasn’t just closed his eyes and drifted off, half remembering sensation like a old, forgotten ruin.
Martyn and Cornelia go to bed at a reasonable hour. He and Dan catch sleep when they can and stay up too late to feel alone.
He’d never do this sort of thing on his own. They’d never go out to the desert, choose a house miles and miles away from the bright lights of the city to sit alone with their thoughts and the sounds of the desert.
The water is warm and the nighttime is thick and Dan’s curls are wet and full between his fingers. His mouth isn’t warm, not under the warm rainfall of the showerhead, turned up too high to fight off the creeping cold of the desert at night. But it's slick, and big and familiar.
Phil’s isn’t the first, or only, cock Dan’s sucked, but he’s grown up learning every inch of Phil. Phil doesn’t know if he believes in god, but it's tempting to think that this is the kind of thing Dan was made for.
Dan’s clever, in all the ways that leave Phil breathless. With his tongue, with his fingertips, with his ideas.
Twenty minutes ago, Phil wouldn’t have said that getting his cock sucked outside was on his bucket list, but now he wants to stare up at the open sky and try not to groan too loud (and fail) into the welcoming dark every day for the rest of his life. He tilts his head back when he comes and stares at what he thinks is Saturn.
There is moonlight, of course, but the moon is new, a pale thin crescent that leaves Dan a dark shape against him, clinging to him and the half wall of the shower as he climbs to his knees, pushes waterlogged curls out of his eyes. He kisses Phil and Phil kisses back, eager to taste himself on Dan’s tongue.
-
Dan’s writing a book.
It’s a secret, the kind of thing they hold in the unbroken circle between the two of them. It’s kind of a secret from Phil. He knows it exists, but that’s about it. He doesn’t know if it's fiction, a memoir, a collection of quotes he’s going to have to smile and pretend to love because he loves Dan, with no pretense at all.
So when he falls into a small gathering of cacti, his first thought, before the pain comes, is that this is absolutely going to end up in whatever it is Dan’s writing.
It hurts like bloody fuck, the kind of hurt that happens all at once and happens once for every little spine up and down his arm and leg.
It’s not funny, it's really not funny, and Dan’s squawking concern at him. He hovers his hands over Phil, wanting to help, except he doesn’t have any idea how.
Phil tells him to take pictures through gritted teeth, lets Cornelia meet his eyes and gently hold his unpunctured hand, getting a good look at the state of him.
Dan takes pictures and comes around, doesn’t say a word while Phil squeezes his hand, one squeeze for every few needles Cornelia and Martyn pull out of his skin.
They walk back to the jeep slowly and Phil lays his head in Dan’s lap the entire drive back. Dan takes pictures then, too. Phil’s too tired to protest.
He loads up on pain medicine and goes to bed. He naps on and off for the rest of the day, only wakes up a little when the bed shifts with Dan’s weight and Dan’s hand in his hair, gently.
-
On their way from the house, back to Las Vegas, they stop at a little stand on the side of the road that’s selling cacti.
It’s a touristy thing, but Phil’s a lifelong tourist. The whole Lester family is the type to hoard tchotkes and trinkets, wards against forgetting.
Dan buys a little succulent. It's round, ridges fat with stored water and spiked with tiny white spines. It's topped with a bright red hat, fleshy and firm where Phil pokes it. Dan hands it to Phil, carefully and kisses the corner of his mouth without even glancing around first.
There’s a world passing by them, carried in the cars passing by the plant stand. The desert air is still, and hot and wraps around them like water.
The travel back to Shizuoka was going to take a little over an hour, most of the trip spent on the Shinkansen train. Tatsuya closed his eyes and took a deep breath. Shizuoka was where he'd be staying from now on, and he would become Meijin Kawaguchi. He'd be the third Meijin and fight in the World Tournament as the PPSE Works Team representative. The battles were something to look forward to, but they were only a prelude to what would come later. What he needed to do right now was to play the role convincingly enough.
He had spent the trip to Tokyo anxious, with unfinished business waiting for him. It had been worth it, though; he had found what he had come back for, and the fight had been better than what he could have hope for. Sei Iori and his fighter partner Reiji were magnificent, and if the battle had been any sign of the duo's skill, they would make it to the World Tournament for sure. He would definitely see them later, and with any luck, fight them again.
"Want some snacks?" Allan, sitting beside him asked, and Tatsuya snapped out of his thoughts then nodded his head a little and smiled. He had been alone on the way to Tokyo, but the return trip was turning out to be more pleasant. How Allan had figured out where he was going and how he had found him, he wasn't all that sure. It could have just been that the PPSE Works Team chief knew him better than he thought, but either way it made him happy. With Allan witnessing the battle, there was less explaining to be done later, and he got to spend the travel back to Shizuoka with someone who understood how he felt.
It wasn't just for the trip back either, and the thought made him feel at ease. Allan would be there to support him through all of it. Tatsuya took the offered snack and ripped open the package then ate a bit, studying his companion as he did. The man had been smiling widely ever since they'd stepped on the train, and it was hard to not smile back at him.
"You know what? We need to celebrate your new position somehow," Allan suggested as he opened the snack package he was holding and ate a bit. "How about we go eat out. Tomorrow, if we can't make it today," he added, turning to look at his companion. "And it'll be on me! Any ideas what you'd feel like getting?"
Tatsuya chuckled at his enthusiasm. "Hmm, I don't know. But you should be careful when making such offers," he said in a teasing tone of voice. "What if I decide I want to eat in some high-class restaurant? I don't think PPSE is going to reimburse you for Meijin's expenses just yet." He smirked and watched Allan try to think of a reply for a second before continuing. "Just kidding, you know. Such restaurants require reservations, and I'm up for anything you can come up with. You know the area better than I do and must know some places."
Allan gave him a look. "Come on. I already offered, and only the best for you, so if you really want something fancy we can do that too. But I do have a few places in mind," he continued, and Tatsuya felt like Allan had been planning for this for a while now. "It's a date, then!" Allan added, his voice so ridiculously happy that Tatsuya had hard time keeping himself from laughing. "And I can certainly show you the best dining places near PPSE, although we might be too busy for the next few days for any city tours." He paused for a moment and looked thoughtful. "Maybe next weekend. That should be enough time to get the official business out of the way. You'll be officially employed by PPSE by then, as the fighter. And you just wait and see; the Works Team will definitely make a gunpla worthy of your skills."
There was no reply, and Tatsuya looked like he was deep in thought for a moment. He raised his head after a while and looked at Allan. "I don't doubt that for a heartbeat," he said. "I trust that whatever you have in mind will be perfect. With your skill and the team backing it up, it'll definitely be better than I could ever imagine. But..." He went quiet and leaned closer, a hint of a smirk touching his lips. "I have a serious question, Allan. A personal one, if you will."
Allan studied him with a curious expression on his face. "If it's anything I can do for you, Tatsuya, please, ask away."
"Works Team and their efforts aside, you." Tatsuya locked his gaze in on the man's eyes. "Taking our past into consideration. Do you have what it takes to be Meijin Kawaguchi's partner?" He moved away a little and smiled. "I'm sure you know what I mean by that."
There was a pause as Allan stared at him with an almost surprised look before the usual smile returned to his face. "Tatsuya," he replied with a lower voice. "That is such an unfair question. I was the one came to get you, and therefore the one who proposed first. Kind of too late of you to ask if I'm ready for this."
"Proposed...?" Tatsuya stared at his partner for a second. Allan just had to be so honest and adorable about it. "Well, that's true." He shifted in his seat for a little and let his head fall against Allan's shoulder. "Guess that's a yes, then. I couldn't ask for a better partner. Just reminding you to be well prepared, that's all. I might get quite demanding."
"Heh, don't you worry about that. I was prepared the moment I came to find you," Allan responded. "No, that's not entirely true," he added with a thoughtful look on his face. "It was even before that. When I first came to you talk to you, back in the Academy." Tatsuya chuckled a little, amused by the enthusiasm in the man's words, and Allan raised his hand to pet his hair. "And I swear, Tatsuya. I'll do whatever it takes. I'll be there to take care of everything." He closed his eyes for a moment and relaxed. "You can lean on my shoulder anytime you want," he continued in a lower voice, a gentle smile on his face. "Would you like to nap until we get to Shizuoka? You must be tired after everything."
Tatsuya pulled away and shook his head as he looked up at his partner. "Tired? Maybe, but not as much as... Something else I'm feeling. Perhaps..." He moved a little closer, next to Allan's ear. "You think I can calm down after a battle like that?" He whispered with a grin. "You saw it all, and you know I don't get to fight a battle like that very often. I may be able to put on a calm face, but there's something I need." Allan didn't move, but it was clear he knew what Tatsuya was talking about. "If you're willing to put up with me and take care of whatever I might need, you better prove it."
"You need proof, now? When I said I'll do anything for you, I really meant it," Allan confirmed. "But," he pointed out as he glanced to the side. "Unless you've completely forgotten, we're on a train." He dug out his phone and took a quick look at it. "And looks like we've still got about forty minutes to go before we reach Shizuoka. This might turn out to be a little problematic."
An unfortunate fact, Tatsuya had to admit as he glanced around as well. The train wasn't full, but there were still several others in the car they were in, which meant no privacy. Trying to plain out ignore anyone who saw them here was impossible when he was sitting next to a blond foreigner, and he wasn't about to do anything stupid in public. Unless... He smirked and got up from his seat. "I have an idea. Come with me for a second."
Allan gave him a questioning look, but he got up obediently and followed Tatsuya into the corridor. A couple of people looked at them, but nobody was staring at least, and Tatsuya took a quick look around before opening the toilet door. Good enough, he decided as he stepped in. "Get in," he ordered, and Allan looked around as if to check if anyone noticed the fact that two men were entering at the same time. Thankfully, nobody seemed to be paying attention. "As private as it gets on a train, don't you think?" Tatsuya added.
It wasn't the best location ever, he had to admit, but he didn't want to wait until their destination. With everything going on tonight, it was either now or waiting till late at night, and he didn't have the patience for that. He wanted Allan, now. The door was locked, there was enough space here - and the place had to be soundproof enough if he didn't make too much noise.
"In here?" Allan behind him questioned. "This has got to be your craziest idea ever," he continued in an amused tone of voice as he studied the space they were in. "Well, if that one time back in the Gunpla Academy, while I was building a kit doesn't count. But knowing you, you just would come up with something crazier eventually." He leaned his back on the door, appearing thoughtful. "Well then. How do you suggest we do anything here?"
Tatsuya smirked. "How about you get creative?" He suggested as he kicked off his shoes then undid his belt and started to remove his pants. Whether the PPSE Works Team chief was creative or not, he had Allan's attention at least as the man was staring at him a second later with quite an evaluating look in his eyes. "I can come up with some for you, but I could use some input, since you'll be the one doing the hard work here."
That made Allan chuckle. "Hard work, huh," he said as he admired the sight of Tatsuya undressing. "I suppose our options are a little limited. I can either sit down and have you climb on my lap, but that would mean you doing most of the work, and you're obviously expecting me to do something. So, hmm..." He looked around and studied the limited space they were in. "I could press you against the wall, I guess. There's these railings here," he added as he stepped forward and tried the railing meant for wheel chair users. "So you could support yourself by holding onto this, and I think I have enough strength to hold you up."
"Good enough plan," Tatsuya agreed. He folded his pants over the closest railing and stepped closer to the other man. "I take it getting you in the mood isn't required?" He asked as he placed his hand on Allan's crotch. As expected, the man certainly felt ready enough. "Definitely not," he added with a grin as he caressed Allan a little. "So how about you get on with it already?"
"Whoa, now. Why are you in such a hurry?" Allan remarked. "How about some preparations first? Tatsuya. Did you even take that into consideration when dragging me here all of a sudden?" He folded his arms and gave his partner a look. "Don't make me play the responsible adult here. You don't really want to make too much of a mess in a place like this. There might be water available for washing, but..."
It was a good point, Tatsuya had to admit, and he stopped to think for a second before he picked up his pants and dug around for his wallet. He checked it and pulled out the condom he carried with him. It was unfortunate that he only had one, but if Allan used it and he used a handkerchief or something to make sure he didn't dirty himself, it would do the trick. "This do?" He asked, only to find Allan standing there with his own wallet in one hand, and another condom in his other hand. "Fine then," he conceded with hint of a smile raising to his lips. "You do get to play the responsible adult after all."
"What you do take me for?" Allan asked with a wide smile on his face. "Didn't I just swear I'd be prepared to take care of anything you need? As your partner. Although, note to self," he added with a chuckle. "I should probably take this kind of ideas into consideration in the future, since I got myself a horny teenager who's going to require a lot of care."
His remark made his partner laugh a little as well. "Oh come on. I can't be that hard to handle, can I?" Tatsuya asked as he stepped closer and wrapped his arms around Allan's shoulders. "Although I'll hold you on to that later. You better be prepared for anything, but right now, on with the plan. We don't have all day and I'm getting very..." He pulled Allan in for a kiss and grinned. "Very impatient. I already told you to get on with it, and we've got the preparations covered right here."
"Only if you manage to hold yourself back enough to allow me to actually take care of said preparations," Allan reminded him. He didn't actually get to do anything, because at that point Tatsuya had already stepped back and snatched the condom from his hand. "Or if you really can't wait for me to do it," he added, shaking his head. "I'll just have to consider it a good thing that, on possible later occasions of having to handle you getting impatient, I'll hopefully have the luxury of not being on a train."
Tatsuya just gave him a look and busied himself opening Allan's pants. He studied the condom packages and opened one, noticing the one Allan had been carrying was lubricated. Perfect. He ran his fingers over the man's erection and slipped the condom on. "I wouldn't count on it," he finally replied while working to get the other condom on himself. "But maybe if I promise you that the next time we do this, it can be your room, in bed, and you can take all the time to prepare you ever want? Other than that, you better be prepared for anything I might want."
"And how many times do I have to tell you that I'm quite prepared?" Allan questioned. "Even if this has definitely got to be the strangest location I've ever had sex in," he mused as he loosened his tie. He also undid his coat and opened the top buttons of his shirt while waiting for his partner to finish what he was doing. "Although you better keep that promise. You know I'd rather take my time with this."
Tatsuya leaned against the wall and raised his hands to his hair then pulled it back. "That's for the next time. Right now?" He looked at Allan with a grin on his face then reached out and captured him by the shirt collar. "Come on, already," he ordered, pulling him closer. He grabbed Allan's hair and drew him in for a kiss. "Take me," he murmured with a fiery look in his eyes. "I've waited long enough."
Allan nodded a little and leaned in for another quick kiss. "Damn it, Tatsuya," he whispered. "How am I supposed to be the calm adult here, when you look at me like that?" He studied their position for a moment and lifted Tatsuya up by the waist, holding him up. The plan seemed to be working well enough so far, and Tatsuya tried to be as helpful as he could by grabbing the railing and holding himself up. He took a hold of Allan's shoulder with his free hand, hoping it was enough to let Allan concentrate on moving instead of holding him up. "Ready?" Allan asked, and Tatsuya took a deep breath and nodded.
He relaxed as much as he possibly could as Allan pressed himself against him, and inside of him. He gritted his teeth to not make any noise and tried to adjust to the pressure. Allan moved a little before pausing to adjust their position, also taking a moment to study his partner's expression. "I'm fine," Tatsuya muttered before Allan managed to try asking if he was all right. He took a few more deep breaths and stared at the other man. "Continue, damn it. I... want you."
"If you're sure," Allan replied with a hint of a smile on his face. He pulled away a little then pressed into his partner, and a gasp escaped Tatsuya's lips.  "Have I ever told you that you look absolutely adorable like that?" Allan said with a soft voice. Tatsuya felt like commenting something along the lines of not actually knowing what he looked like during sex, but this wasn't the time for that. He had Allan where he wanted, and the man thrust into him again, making him want to cry out, but he remembered his initial thoughts about the place. This was still a train, and staying more or less quiet was required.
He wrapped his legs around his partner, and the man shifted his hold a little, holding him up by the thighs. Being squished between the wall and Allan was actually pretty uncomfortable, but Tatsuya wasn't about to care, not with the other man's body pressed so close to his own. He reached for Allan's hair again, entangling his fingers into it as he drew him in for a kiss, finding himself out of breath a few seconds later as Allan was quite happy to respond.
It didn't help that Allan was annoyingly good at controlling his movements, Tatsuya noted to himself. He wouldn't have minded it if the thrusts had been a little more rough, but he wasn't about to complain, especially not with another kiss stealing his breath away. He felt hot, the pressure inside of him burning him with every thrust. "I... need..." He muttered as Allan broke the kiss and shifted his hold of his young lover just a little again, this time to force his left hand between them. Tatsuya bit his lip to keep himself quiet when feeling the man's fingers brushing over his hard-on, the hotness getting unbearable.
"You sure weren't joking... when you said you can't calm down," Allan muttered with amusement in his voice. "Just let me... take care of everything," he added, pressing another quick kiss over Tatsuya's lips, and as much as the youth wanted to reply something, he was determined to keep quiet. Thankfully Allan did know him well enough to pick up the pace a little, as much as their position allowed, and Tatsuya had to close his eyes just to concentrate.
Of course having his eyes closed only served to make him feel everything more clearly, and Allan's hand working on his erection and the intolerable pressure inside of him made him struggle to keep himself silent. Tatsuya let go of the railing he had been clinging on for support and wrapped both arms around Allan's neck instead, holding himself up. The position was a little more inconvenient than he had thought, but Allan was still doing good enough work holding him against the wall while repeatedly pressing into him.
Just a little more, he thought as he forced himself to focus. He wasn't going to last much longer, but he also didn't want it to end just yet. Well, there was the option of making Allan make good of that promise later, in his room later tonight, and Tatsuya grinned at the fleeting thought. He opened his eyes to stare at Allan, a sharp, fierce look in his eyes. "Want... more..." he muttered, his own voice sounding so odd, but he wasn't about to care. All he cared about was ending the burning feeling.
"Looks like... the new Meijin Kawaguchi sure makes his partner work hard," Allan mumbled as a response, his voice a little strained as well. "I'll do anything for you, Tatsuya... Anything."
It wasn't like Allan's reassurance was needed at this point. Tatsuya clung to the older man with all his strength, almost losing it. Almost; he managed to get a hold of himself with what little sanity remained, and he pulled Allan in for a deep kiss to keep himself quiet. He had had enough at that point, but at least the kiss kept him from crying out as his body claimed the release he had needed.
Allan withdrew his hand and took a better hold of him as Tatsuya relaxed a little, and for a second Tatsuya feared he was planning to stop. He was about to beg for him to continue, but it wasn't needed as Allan pressed into him again. He took deep breath, trying to calm himself a little as he watched Allan with a tired smile; perhaps, in the end, the man needed it as much as he did. "Allan..." He whispered, petting the man's hair.
"Damn it all, do you have to be... so..." Allan murmured under his breath as he thrust into his partner one more time. "Too cute... Tatsuya...!"
At that point Tatsuya almost laughed. Being worried about staying quiet felt a bit silly now that Allan didn't seem to manage that in the end. It made him feel good to know he was capable of giving Allan the pleasure he needed as well though, and he clung to the man for a moment longer before Allan carefully pulled away. He sighed, almost disappointed then smiled. He could have more later.
Allan leaned against the opposite wall for a moment to compose himself. He then went through his pockets for some tissues and wrapped the condoms in them for disposing. "Better fix your clothes a little," he told his younger partner, and Tatsuya chuckled at that and leaned closer to fix Allan's tie and to button his shirt. "Or mine, I guess," he continued cheerfully. "I sure hope no one wanted to use this place while we were keeping it occupied, though."
"Too bad for them," Tatsuya said as he stepped back and picked up his pants. "Who knows, maybe they had enough sense to try another train car." He got his pants and shoes back on, hoping his clothes didn't look too off otherwise. Too late to worry about that, he figured, considering he didn't have a change of clothes with him. It didn't matter right now, and changing clothes would have to wait until they got back to PPSE.
"You go back to the seats first," Allan suggested, leaning against the wall again. "To not raise too much suspicion, not that I think anyone cares. But I can stay here for a few more minutes and pretend to be that stupid foreigner who doesn't know how these toilets work."
Tatsuya laughed a little at that; considering how long Allan had been in Japan already, he certainly knew better. He nodded his agreement either way and sneaked out, returning to the seat like nothing had happened. Nobody still seemed to pay any attention, and he sat down and took a deep breath. The feeling left by the battle was gone, at least, and now he could concentrate on what was to come.
A few minutes later, Allan sat down next to him. "Well then," he said, looking at his travel companion. He leaned a little closer and smirked. "Does my Meijin have enough proof yet, or do you require more?"
"I'm quite convinced," Tatsuya mused with a smile on his face. "I already told you, anyway. You're the best partner I could ask for." He studied Allan's face, finding comfort in the content smile. "And I didn't really need any proof. Just count that as a taste of what you might have to deal with, if you really are resolved to do anything." He yawned and let him head slump against the man's shoulder.
"And I already told you - I started this, so I'm definitely going through with it," Allan replied as he reached to pet Tatsuya's hair. "Oh, and looks like there's still about twenty more minutes until Shizuoka," he added after a quick look at his phone. "Do you want to..." At that point he just went quiet and looked at Tatsuya, who had fallen asleep, and smiled.
END.

Double Vision by The Riticulan Amanuensis
Title: Double Vision
Author: The Riticulan Amanuensis 
Webpage: http://www.aeglos.org/riticulan/
Spoilers: Major ones for Existance
Rating: NC17 for bad words and a little m/m action
Pairing: M/K
Summary: An X Files x/over with the Highlander.  Cory Rains helps Alex out in more ways than one.
Archivists: archive at will if you want.
Legal Stuff: I do not own these characters, all glory, laud, and honour belong to Fox, 1013 Productions and Rhyser Entertainment.  If anyone offered me money for this, first I'd laugh and then I'd decline.
I'd like to thank Heidi for her help with this.
Double Vision
By The Riticulan Amanuensis
It didn't seem fair to Mulder--the day they buried the love of his life was sunny and warm. The sun had no place being here; after what they did to his Alex, it should have been hiding its face in shame.
Scully and William were in the capable hands of her mother and he stood here alone. He watched with tear-stained eyes as they lowered the casket into the ground. Casket, Mulder thought, wasn't the name he'd use--he'd seen pine boxes that looked better. There was no one but him at the grave site to mark Alex's passing, not even a minister; they didn't even give the man a service.
And Skinner--that bastard--didn't even have the decency to show up. As the machine started to push the sun-dried earth over Alex's body, Mulder couldn't take any more. With a low, soul crushing moan he turned from the scene of his worst nightmare and made his way to his car.
* * *
Mulder couldn't rest. Alhough the heat in his apartment was oppressive, he covered his face with one of Alex's old shirts and cried silently. And tonight, even his couch didn't give him much comfort.
It was Alex's plan to disappear this way; Alex assured him, over and over, that it would work. But he'd seen the ME's report, Krycek was well and truly dead. It had all gone horribly wrong. Fox needed to get out of his apartment before grief and guilt drove him completely mad.
Night had fallen and with it the city seemed a little cooler. He drove aimlessly; his mind was not on the act of driving, but fixated on Alex's face as he held the gun, the sound of his pain as the bullet ripped into his chest, and the final, heart-stopping look at his lover's face with the bullet hole centered in his forehead.
Alex had insisted that Skinner was dirty, but he hadn't believed him. Now he had no choice. It wasn't necessary for Skinner to kill Alex, but he did--without hesitation, without emotion, without remorse. Krycek had said that the alien infiltration had gone right up the FBI chain of command, but Fox hadn't quite believed how far--until now.
Without realizing how he got there, he found himself sitting on the dew-stained earth of Alex's grave, drawing meaningless designs in the damp ground with his finger. With each teardrop hitting and obliterating the designs he made, he didn't have the heart to re-draw them. His feelings of loss were mind-numbing; he felt empty, hollow and totally dried up. The only thing of Fox William Mulder that remained was his primordial will to survive, and even that, he thought, might soon leave him. "Miss me already, lover?" With the sweet sound of his lover's voice in his mind, he raised his head to the sky and screamed all his grief to the heavens and threw himself on Alex's grave, pressing his face into the damp, tear-stained earth.
He felt a light touch on his shoulder and leapt to his feet. He couldn't believe what he saw. Alex, in the flesh, smiling that devil-may-care smile that he does so well. No prosthetic arm in place, but in the other he carried a shovel.
"Hey! Fox, it's me." He said, dropping the shovel to the ground. He opened his shirt, pulling it slightly away from his neck and turned around to so that Fox could look. "No lumps, Fox. I'm real. I'm human."
With a shout of relief, Fox was on him, burying his face in Alex's neck, rubbing his dirt-smeared face into the flesh, squeezing Alex so tightly that the younger man could barely breathe.
"God, Alex, I thought I'd lost you forever."
Krycek wiped away the tracks of Fox's tears. "Nope! I'm not that easily gotten rid of. I'm yours forever, remember?"
"What? How? Who?" Fox stammered in rapid succession. He didn't wait for an answer, he had to kiss his lover--deep and hard and passionately.
"But how?" Fox asked when Alex finally pulled his tongue from Mulder's mouth.
"Not now, Fox, I'll explain later. Right now," Alex pointed at the shovel, "we have to dig, or I'll be in deep shit."
Fox looked at the one-armed man quizzically. "We?" He asked.
"Well, no, not actually we. You have to dig, I'll supervise."
He couldn't stop himself; he laughed at the beaming grin on Alex's face. "Dead and buried, and now resurrected. You haven't changed a bit, Alex."
Alex drew his finger up Fox's neck to the tip of his nose and then kissed that rather large bit of his lover's anatomy. "And you're happy that I haven't."
"Damn straight!" Fox said. "I'm going to live to regret this, aren't I?"
"Probably. Now dig."
It wasn't hard work; the earth hardly had a chance to settle over the wood. When the shovel first hit the box, Mulder felt a banging from the inside of the casket and heard muffled sounds. His eyes opened wide and he looked at Alex. "Hurry up, Fox, finish it...I'll explain later."
Mulder finished shoveling the last of the earth off the box, unlatched it and jumped from the grave to stand by Alex.
The cover flew open and the man stood up in his casket. Fox couldn't believe his eyes. It was Alex. Mulder always felt that the world was never ready for one Alex Krycek, let alone two. "Took you long enough, Alex." The man said as he licked his finger and wiped the powder burns from his forehead. "Fucking head wounds, I hate them." He jumped from the grave and went to stand beside Mulder. "You love this guy, Alex?"
"Yes, Cory, body and soul."
Cory looked at Mulder and gave him the once over from head to foot. "I can go with that," he said. He took an unresisting and stunned Mulder into his arms and kissed him thoroughly. "Yeah, I can definitely go with that," Cory said as he licked his lips.
Alex pulled his lover away from the other man, "Cory Raines, this is Fox Mulder."
"We've met, Alex." Cory laughed.
"Alex, how? What is going on here?" Mulder was finally able to croak.
Both men looked at him in unison and laughed the same laugh; the green eyes sparkled in exactly the same manner; the way the curve the lips turned into that grin was indistinguishable from one man to the other.
"You going to tell him?" Cory asked.
"Maybe, some day, Cory. Your secret is safe with us. I owe you one."
"Shit, Alex, you owe me a hundred. And I'm taking the first one now." Cory took Alex's head in both his hands and pulled it toward him. Toying with Alex's elfin ears, exactly like his own, he licked at his double's lips. They opened to Cory's probing and he thrust his tongue inside. Alex groaned with something resembling passion and gratitude as the kiss deepened and took on some deeper meaning of its own.
Mulder stared in shock at the kiss; he couldn't remember ever being so turned on. Two gorgeous men, both looking amazingly like his lover, twined around each other, both moaning in unison and pulling the other ever tighter in the embrace. Fox shuffled from one foot to the other unable to block this image from his mind, unable too, to prevent his cock from filling out and lengthening.
Alex pulled away from the kiss first and rested his head on Cory's shoulder and placed a chaste kiss on his ear. "Cory," he said.
"What, Alex?"
"Take your hands off my ass." Cory laughed and turned towards Fox. "What do you say, Foxy boy, you take a bullet or two or three for a fella and he won't even let you touch his ass?"
Alex cringed at the informal use of Mulder's first name, expecting some smart-ass retort, but none came. All Fox did was smile at him.
Cory turned back to Alex. "Did you bring it?" "Of course," Krycek said passing a garment bag to Cory. Fox was surprised when Alex did this, he couldn't remember seeing that bag earlier.
Cory took off Alex's jacket and passed it to him. "Here keep this as a souvenir; somebody's going to have to repair the arm." Cory reached inside the bag and pulled out a sword, gave the air around him a couple of jabs. "Alex, you'll never understand how naked I felt without this."
Fox's eyes were as big as saucers at the sight of it. "Don't worry, Fox, I'm not going to hurt lover boy here."
Mulder came toward them and put his arm around Alex's waist protectively. "Now you boys can go off and fight the good fight--don't let those bastards win."
"We won't." Alex said. "And thanks again, Cory."
"Don't mention it, brother!" Alex and Fox started to walk away. "Alex," Cory asked, "how do you expect to win this fight?"
Krycek stopped and looked at him and Cory motioned to Alex's missing arm. "With that missing arm, you're going to stick out like a sore thumb."
Alex just shrugged his shoulders.
"I can do something about that, Alex. But it's going to hurt like a bitch."
"What?" Alex shouted at him.
Cory pointed at his chest. "Immortal, remember. My quickening can bring back your arm. We'll have the same fingerprints on that hand, but hey, that's a plus." Alex's mouth hung open with sock and hope.
"Are you telling us," Fox said with the same amount of surprise in his voice as was showing on Krycek's face, "that you can bring back Alex's arm."
"Imm...people like us when we lose a limb in a fight or a battle, it's gone forever. But Alex and I will share a bond, flesh to flesh, blood to blood. And look at us, Fox, there's got to be a lot of shared genetics somewhere along the line. Yes, I can do it but it will hurt, and it will hurt bad."
"What would you have to do, Cory?" Krycek asked.
Cory looked sorry for what he was about to offer; he wondered if it would be worth it in the end. "I'd have to slice off my hand, Alex, and then I'd have to slice off the end of your stump."
Alex grimaced. "How would that do anything, Cory?" Fox asked.
"It will work, Fox. We'll share our blood and my quickening. Trust me, it will work." Alex's eyes were wild with fear and hope. "Can we do it here?" He asked the immortal.
"Right here and right now, if you want this, Alex. You have to really want it."
Alex looked at Fox to see his reaction. Mulder wasn't sure about this but Alex was and that was all the guarantee he needed. "You're sure about this, Alex?" He asked.
"Yes...as sure as I can be about anything."
Fox tuned to face Cory. "What can I do?"
"First," Cory said, "take his shirt off. Hold him tight, as tight as you can. Kiss him while I'm doing it."
The immortal waited until Alex was ready, pulled up the sleeve of his own coat and made a clean cut through his wrist with his sword. He moaned in agony. Fox looked at the tiny wisps of smoke and electricity circling Cory's wrist in amazement. "Now kiss him, Fox, and hold him as tight as you can."
Cory came up to Alex and held his stump out, brought his sword down quickly and sliced off the end of it, flesh and bone falling to the ground. Alex screamed into Fox's mouth. His eyes were wild with pain and remembrance. The minute Cory touched his stump to Alex's, the current of electricity encircled them both. Alex's moans of pain soon turned to those of pleasure as Cory's quickening entered him and Mulder kissed him with ever increasing passion.
Cory moved his stump away from Alex and Mulder was amazed with the play of what looked like electricity still swirling on them both. Already, to Mulder's shock and pure joy, he saw Cory's wrist appear to start to grow new flesh.
Alex grew weak from the mixture of pain and ecstasy and Mulder had to support him to keep him on his feet. "How long, Cory?"
"For Alex, about a day and he'll have a new arm. Look after him, Mulder--he'll need it. For me, about four hours and my hand will grow back. Now we'll share the same fingerprints and DNA in that arm."
"Why did you do this, Cory?"
"You have to ask? I died for him, didn't I?" Cory looked at Alex's contorted face, and Mulder could see that unmistakable look in Cory's eyes. "I did it to keep him and you safe...he means a lot to me, Fox. Now take him home and play nursemaid."
"How can we thank you?"
Cory laughed. "Maybe someday Alex will tell you, but this debt has already been paid. Go now."
Mulder kissed Alex's cheek. "Come on, Lexi, let's go home." Fox removed his jacket and wrapped it around Alex's still-weeping stump. Fox was amazed at the quickening, as Cory called it; Alex's stump had nearly stopped bleeding and new flesh had almost completely covered the wound. The younger man as so weak that he had to support most of Alex's weight as they walked to Fox's car.
"Boys!" Cory shouted. "Don't let those bastards win."
Alex found his voice at last. "Don't worry, we won't."
Cory continued watching the pair as they walked away; eyeing appreciatively that matched magnificent pair of asses and wondered silently to himself just how long it would take him to get them into his bed. He rubbed his hand along the length of his erection, closing his eyes in bliss he hoped that it wouldn't take too long.
The End.

Loved it? Hated it? Let me know mailto:. Riticulan always answers his mail.
Note: Could this really happen?  Could Cory atually give Alex back his arm?  Well, to the Hylander experts out there, I draw your attention to the episode called "Money No Object" which showed the amazaing regenerative powers of Immortals.  Both Mac and Cory were blown up in that one and none seemed any the worse for it. And as for their ability to share this healing power--I say they can--when given the proper incentive.
Archived: July 13, 2001
Adam was in shock. When Tommy didn’t return his call that night or the next day, he was faced with the truth. School on Monday was a slap in the face when Tommy and Ashley walked down the hallway hand in hand. Tommy and Isaac even got together a band and convinced a rundown bar downtown to let them play late Friday nights. Everything was falling into place for the blond.
But for Adam, even his acting suffered. With his head and more importantly his heart not in the performances, Adam was not cast in the new play. Instead, he was in charge of makeup and wardrobe. Not the end of the world but pretty damn close.
After school Adam headed over to the theater to watch practice and do makeup. The makeup tote his mother had given him for his birthday was a huge help. Made him look and feel more professional. As he started to lay out items, a voice startled him.
“You know, if you keep frowning like that you’re going to get wrinkles. And like you’re totes cute so it would be a disaster for future dating prospects.”
Looking up in the mirror, Adam saw the newest addition to the acting troop. Bradley was small and energetic. His acting could be a bit over the top, but the teacher loved how dedicated he was and gave him a leading role. Bouncing over to the chair, Brad sat down and crossed his legs, looking prim and proper. Getting to work, Adam went to transform Brad into that of a mythical creature.
“Is your boy toy drowning you in drama?”
“W-what?” Adam choked on his own spit as he looked around quickly to make sure no one else heard that.
“Oh no. No, no.” Shaking his finger as though Adam had done something wrong, Brad then turned to look at himself in the mirror checking out Adam’s work. Making a pleasant noise of approval, he grabbed the mascara and added more. “Staying in the closet only hurts yourself, you know.”
“I’m not in the closet.” It sounded fake even in Adam’s ears.
Putting the wand back in the mascara tube, Brad rolled his eyes at Adam’s remark. “Then you’re always going to be grumpy and sad.”
“We need all the performers on the stage!”
The announcement came over the speaker as Brad left Adam to his thoughts and they bombarded his brain with vengeance. Never before had he come across someone who was openly gay. For as long as he could remember, Adam always liked other boys. But was he gay? Weren’t gay people supposed to be perverted and wrong? He wasn’t a bad person, would never hurt anyone.
There was little for him to do that evening. Adam got the chance to make up a few more people and once did a quick sew up of a seam that had come undone but that was it. Packing up to go home, Adam caught up with Brad outside. “Hey, wait up!”
Walking over toward a parked car, Brad stopped for Adam to catch up.
“Hey, umm, I was wondering if maybe we could be friends.” Rubbing at the back of his neck, it was a nervous habit of Adam’s.
“We can, but on one condition.” With his hand on his hip, Brad stuck out his ass. “You can’t lie to me about who you are. I’m out and fabulous.”
“Yeah, okay. I mean, I can try.”
With that the two started to hang out more and more. Brad showed him that being gay was nothing to be ashamed of, though Adam was in no hurry to come out to his parents and friends just yet. There would be a right time for everything.
---///---
Days later
---///---
Hanging out in Adam’s bedroom, he and Brad were flipping through a trashy celeb magazine.
“I can’t believe she wore that.” Sticking out his tongue, Brad flipped to the next page. “And what the H E double hockey sticks is she thinking dying her hair that blonde? She just looks trashy.” Looking up at Adam, he found his friend was not paying attention to him anymore. Instead, he was gazing out of his bedroom window. Snapping his fingers, Brad shook his head and stood up to see out of the window for himself. There, outside, was a car parked across the street. A blonde got out and went to the trunk to retrieve a guitar case.
“That’s him.”
“Him?” It took a moment to sink in. So this was the famous Tommy he heard oh so much about. “Cute.” Brad commented, watching the blond below. “Nice ass.”
“Brad!”
“What, he does. I mean, it’s a little flat, but still super cute.” Watching Adam’s mood change from radiant to sour, Brad gave Adam a half hug. “You are so going to get him back. I mean, he’s gay, hunny.” Just as Adam was about to retort, Brad quickly placed a finger to Adam’s lips. “Trust me. My gaydar is never wrong.”
“He hasn’t even called me.” Or so much as looked at his direction in school. If that wasn’t a blow off then Adam didn’t know what it was.
“My gears are moving.” Brad did a swirly motion with his finger toward his head. The action made him look slightly nuts, but that was part of the twink’s charm. “I got it!”
Just then, Tommy looked across the street toward Adam’s house. Both boys ducked down, cracking heads in the process. “Do you think he heard us?”
“No way, he’s just all goth mystic or something.” However, Brad had no clue. Not as though he would ever admit to his guilt in the first place. “I know the answer to your little situation here. Tonight, we are going to see a personal friend of mine.”
“Who?”
“My tranma.”
TBC
"I've wanted to sleep with all of you for years," Nakai had admitted to Tsuyoshi one day, both of them totally drunk off their asses in his apartment.
"Huh," Tsuyoshi had responded, his brain not quite connecting. "Wait, what?"
But if he'd wanted it to stay a secret, it was his own fault for mentioning it in the first place; Tsuyoshi eventually had it dragged out of him by Shingo, who gleefully told Goro (in hopes that it would gross him out), who mentioned it casually to Kimura over dinner.
Kimura narrowly avoided spitting out a mouthful of wine. "What?"
Goro nodded agreeably, twirling a forkful of pasta in cheerful oblivion to the incongruity of situation and subject matter. "That's what I said when Shingo told me. But apparently he heard it from Tsuyoshi, so it's probably true."
"I see," Kimura said, distractedly taking another sip of wine as images floated, unbidden, into his brain. Nakai, their leader...
"Might be hard to get our schedules to match, though," Goro added thoughtfully.
Kimura met his bandmate's eyes and smiled slowly. The man always knew what he wanted. "I'll take care of it."
Three days later, Nakai opened his door to his four bandmates, laden with bags of groceries and nervous smiles.

"Um," he said. "Is there some message I missed?"

Kimura breezed in, kicking his shoes off. "We're here on a mission," he said, carrying a couple bags into Nakai's kitchen.

"It's very important," Goro added, following him.

"We're here to have sex with you," Shingo said bluntly. Tsuyoshi flushed bright red, looking down into the bag in his arms.

Kimura emerged from the kitchen. "Don't put it like that."

Shingo shrugged. "Well, aren't we?"

"We were going to warm him up to the idea first," Goro sighed.

Tsuyoshi stumbled forward, cheeks blazing. "Nakai, I'm really sorry, Shingo made me tell him and now everyone knows and I didn't think it was a good idea but--"

Nakai grabbed his arms, holding him in place. "Stop, stop, stop. What does everyone know?"

"That you want to sleep with us," Shingo supplied helpfully. He stepped inside, shutting the door behind him. Nakai stared at Tsuyoshi, his hands tightening.

"You told them?" Tsuyoshi looked down into his grocery bag again, desperately searching for an excuse among the assorted vegetables.

"Well, we're here." Goro intervened, pulling the bag from Tsuyoshi's arms. "Do you want us to make you dinner first?"

Nakai let go of the younger man. "Wait, you're all here to..."

"To have sex with you, like Shingo said." Kimura tilted his head. "Unless you don't want to?"

"Sex?" Nakai's voice raised an octave. "All of you?"

"That's the idea," Goro said mildly.

"An or-- or--" Tsuyoshi frowned thoughtfully. "Orenji?"

"Orgy," Shingo corrected, leaning over to plant a kiss on Tsuyoshi's cheek.

Nakai folded his arms, ears turning red. "Now wait a sec, I was piss-drunk at the time, not to mention it was supposed to be a secret--" he glanced at Tsuyoshi "--so if you think I'm going to just hop into bed with you without-- without--"

"Seduction?" Kimura slipped behind Nakai, low voice brushing past his ear. He trailed a finger slowly down Nakai's arm. "That can be arranged." Nakai swallowed, his mouth suddenly dry.

"Hang on, you can't go first," Shingo cut in, pulling Kimura away. "None of the rest of us will get a turn."

"Right," Goro chimed in. "Remember our plan?"

Nakai drew a weak breath, trying not to notice the way Kimura's eyes were still fixed on him. "There's a plan?"

"Sort of." Shingo pushed Tsuyoshi forward, propelling him into the older man. "Starting with this one."

Startled, Nakai automatically caught Tsuyoshi in his arms. His bandmate looked down at him awkwardly. "Do you really want to do this?"

Nakai met Kimura's gaze, intense and hopeful, and impulsively slid his arms around Tsuyoshi's waist, pulling him into a hug. He glared at his remaining bandmates over the younger man's shoulder. "You're terrible people and I hate you all."

"You're smiling," Goro said. Kimura turned suddenly and kissed his younger bandmate, reaching up to stroke his thumb along his jaw. Shingo perked with interest, sliding in close to investigate Goro's neck.

Tsuyoshi rested his hands lightly on Nakai's shoulders. "Um... what should I do?"

Nakai didn't answer. He tightened his arms around the younger man's waist, watching as Shingo moved up to Goro's ear, his hands caressing down the dark-haired man's sides with surprising gentleness. Goro sighed into Kimura's mouth, fingers sliding into the older man's hair, trying to pull him closer, but Kimura broke away from Goro's lips, moving lower to kiss his jaw, his neck, his collar. Shingo reached around to undo the top button on Goro's shirt.

Tsuyoshi fidgeted, his fingers plucking at the back of Nakai's shirt. "What are they doing? I can't see."

"They're--" Nakai swallowed, his mouth dry. "Kimura is ki-- kissing Goro. Down his chest, slowly. Shingo's unbuttoning Goro's shirt from behind-- Kimura's following his hands--" He stopped, realizing he was twining Tsuyoshi's shirt in his fingers unconsciously.

"Shingo's good at that," Tsuyoshi murmured. "What's Goro doing?"

"He's..." Nakai bit his lip, feeling oddly jealous. "He's smiling at Kimura."

He felt Tsuyoshi's hand spread uncertainly on his back. "Sounds nice," the younger man said quietly. On impulse, Nakai pulled back and kissed him.

His bandmate's lips really were as soft as they looked; he moved against them, gaining courage, pushing his tongue between them experimentally. Tsuyoshi's tongue met his, still hesitant, and Nakai caressed it lightly, the sensation of sliding wet heat sending electricity down his spine. He pulled at Tsuyoshi's shirt, breaking away to strip it off over the younger man's head.

Nakai stopped, courage faltering. His bandmate was flushed, lips wet, his bare chest rising and falling with each breath. It was overwhelming.

There was a sudden warmth along his back; Shingo was behind him, planting a kiss on his shoulder. "Need help?" He reached around to cover Nakai's hands with his own, guiding them slowly across Tsuyoshi's bare skin. "With Tsuyopon you have to start out gentle," he murmured, trailing their joined hands over their bandmate's chest, sliding downward. "Like this." Their hands brushed the fine hairs under his navel, following the trail to dip playfully under the waist of his jeans. Over Tsuyoshi's shoulder, Nakai saw Kimura bend down to press his mouth to Goro's stomach, fingers splayed on the younger man's thighs. He leaned against Shingo unconsciously, his jeans growing tight.

"Then you can do this," Shingo breathed, curling their fingers together and dragging Nakai's fingernails harshly across the skin. Tsuyoshi's breath hitched in answer, and Nakai surged forward to kiss him again, hungrily working against his mouth, savoring the softness of his lips, the slick heat of his tongue.

Shingo yanked Nakai's shirt up, forcing him to break away and raise his arms. He pulled it off, running his fingers deliberately down the ticklish underside of Nakai's arms. The older man stumbled backward, and Shingo wrapped his arms around his chest, lifting him up and carrying him down the hall. "Everybody into the bedroom!"

Tsuyoshi stood stunned for a moment. Kimura thumped him on the back. "Good job," he said, grinning and dashing off after Shingo. Goro followed, hesitating for a moment. "Can I kiss you, too? I want to see what you kiss like."

Tsuyoshi blinked at his equally shirtless and disheveled bandmate. "O-okay." Goro set his hands on Tsuyoshi's shoulders and leaned in, gently brushing their lips together. It was slow and tentative, both of them waiting for the other to do more.

Kimura poked his head around the doorway. "Oi, hurry up-- oh."

They broke apart and laughed nervously. "Sorry," Goro apologized, circling his arm lightly around Tsuyoshi's waist as they walked. "I don't usually lead with men."

Tsuyoshi rested his arm on Goro's shoulders. "Me neither."

There was a yelping noise from Nakai, followed by the sound of someone being smacked. Kimura disappeared back into the bedroom.

Shingo was rubbing his head. "What was that for?"

Nakai was sitting up indignantly, one hand covering his nipple. "No biting."

Shingo looked disappointed. It faded quickly, though, replaced by a mischievous smile. "Want me to kiss it better?" He pushed Nakai back down, prying his fingers away and kissing the skin underneath. He circled the nipple with his tongue, gently flicking the tip.

"I've changed my mind about wanting to sleep with you," Nakai grumbled, his breath catching with each deft movement. "You're a fucking tease."

Shingo grinned, propping himself up on one arm. "It's more fun that way." He trailed his hand down Nakai's chest and undid the front of his jeans, still kissing his nipple. "You're... enjoying it... anyway," he said between kisses, sliding his hand over the front of Nakai's boxers.

Kimura made an impatient noise and grabbed Tsuyoshi, pulling him close. "Undress me," he said.

Tsuyoshi stared at him. Kimura grabbed his hand and positioned it on his stomach. "Undress me," he repeated. Tsuyoshi clutched the fabric, his fingers trembling as his bandmate watched him. There was no way he could possibly live up to Kimura's expectations for something like this.

Two hands settled gently on his shoulders. "Slide your hands around to his back," Goro murmured in his ear.

Tsuyoshi obeyed, avoiding Kimura's eyes. His hands probably felt clammy; his palms were sweating. "Grab the hem of his shirt and pull it up. Roughly. Don't worry about his hair." There was a hint of a smirk in Goro's voice.

Kimura didn't raise his arms, instead letting his hair be pulled messily forward as Tsuyoshi tugged the shirt over his head and down his arms. He smoothed it back with one hand, smiling faintly.

"Now undo his belt." Tsuyoshi did, his hands still shaking. Kimura's stomach was taut, lines of definition disappearing down into his jeans. He fumbled with the button, and Goro squeezed his shoulders reassuringly. "Slowly."

They moved together, kneeling as Tsuyoshi pulled Kimura's jeans down. He looked up along his bandmate's frame, the dark arousal in Kimura's eyes almost more unnerving than his erection, hard and waiting. "Slide your hands up his legs," Goro murmured.

Tsuyoshi stood slowly, trailing his fingers up Kimura's thighs, fascinated by the way the older man's mouth parted slightly. He wondered what his lips felt like--

"If you massage his lower back, he'll let you kiss him," Goro whispered, so low that only Tsuyoshi could hear him. He did. Kimura seemed almost to melt, his eyes falling shut with a sigh. For a instant, he was completely tamed.

Tsuyoshi leaned in, his heart pounding, and brushed his lips against Kimura's, meeting no resistance. He moved his mouth slowly, tentatively sliding his tongue along his bandmate's lower lip. Kimura's mouth opened under his, their breath mingling, and then the older man was kissing him back, sweeping their tongues together in a slow, sliding movement.

Nakai made a low noise of frustration, and Tsuyoshi broke away; Shingo had stopped to watch.

Kimura opened his eyes. "Is it my turn?"

Nakai sat up, struggling out of the rest of his clothes. "I don't care so long as somebody's doing something--" He cut off as Kimura shoved him back down onto the bed. His bandmate straddled him on all fours, looking down at him with a predatory grin. "Mine."

Nakai swallowed, feeling himself grow harder as Kimura's eyes traveled slowly down his body. "I've been waiting," his bandmate murmured.

"Then hurry up," Nakai growled impatiently. "Or I'll do it myself."

Kimura surged forward, claiming Nakai's mouth with his own. He raked his teeth along his lips, almost biting, breath hot and ragged as he slid his tongue across Nakai's in fierce, possessive strokes.

He pulled away, his eyes dark and hungry. "I want you," he breathed.

Nakai sucked in a shaky breath, unable to look away from Kimura's gaze. He nodded once, quickly.

Kimura glanced up. "Shingo, the--" A small tube bounced off of Nakai's stomach. They looked over; Shingo had pulled Tsuyoshi down onto the bed, spooning along his back, and was already massaging gently into him with two slick fingers. Tsuyoshi panted slightly, eyes shut, pushing back against his bandmate's hand. Shingo kissed the nape his neck, withdrawing his fingers.

Kimura grabbed the tube, squeezing the contents onto his hand. He met Nakai's eyes again, holding his gaze as he slid his hand down his own erection, coating it with the lubricant. Nakai licked his lips nervously.

"Lift your knees," Kimura ordered. Nakai obeyed, undignified, but ceased to mind altogether as his bandmate bent down and swiped his tongue across the top of his erection. Kimura pushed one finger into him slowly, the sensation uncomfortable at first but adding intensity to his arousal somehow, Nakai couldn't even imagine how. Kimura's tongue stroked his cock, his finger working gently, a second pushing to join the first.

The mattress dipped as Goro slid onto the bed between Nakai and Tsuyoshi, using his body to prop the younger man's leg up as Shingo thrust slowly into him. He curled his hand around Tsuyoshi's cock, pulling at it with deft fingers, and the younger man's eyes flew open in surprise. Goro smiled at him, tugging Tsuyoshi's hand toward his own erection.

Kimura withdrew his fingers. He slid forward to kiss Nakai again, saltiness mingling on their tongues, and then pushed Nakai's knees higher to position himself.

Nakai gripped the blankets. He wasn't going to lose it yet, not yet.

Kimura pushed into him, heat and slickness and friction all at once, panting as he shifted deeper, as far as he could go. Nakai wrapped his legs around his bandmate's waist, swallowing an involuntary noise in his throat. His bandmate braced himself with one arm, reaching down with the other to wrap his hand around Nakai's cock.

Nakai pushed into him, much too eager. Kimura moved in slow rhythm, his fingers sliding up Nakai's shaft to rub across the head, watching his expression. The smaller man was biting down hard on his lip, refusing to let himself make any noise.

Kimura loosened his grip. He smiled down at Nakai like a cat that had caught its prey and pushed in again, tortuously slow, his hand matching the speed with teasing lightness. Nakai clenched the blankets in his fingers, his breath uneven. Kimura caught his eyes. "Do you want me to go faster?"

His bandmate glared at him, trying to push up against his fingers. Kimura kept his hand in place, not giving him the satisfaction.

"Do you?" he asked again. He brushed his thumb along the top of Nakai's cock, shifting his fingers ever so slightly. Nakai made a noise in the back of his throat, closing his eyes.

"Tell me."

He started to pull out, even more slowly, his hand agonizingly still, and Nakai broke.

"Faster."

It was a half-sob, half-whisper. Kimura thrust forward, losing his breath with the sudden rush of friction. He tightened his hand, stroking Nakai's length, pulling at it together with his own movements. Nakai clung to him, fingers digging into his back.

"Faster." Kimura obeyed.

Next to them, Tsuyoshi thrust against Goro's hand, shaking, pressing back against Shingo's chest. Shingo moaned aloud, pushing harder as Tsuyoshi tightened around him. He gripped his bandmate's shoulders, thrusting once more, shuddering and pulling the smaller man against him as he came. Goro covered Tsuyoshi's hands with his own, working himself in their joined fingers, tilting his head back as his breaths grew more urgent.

Kimura pulled hard at Nakai, twisting his fingers at the top of each stroke. Nakai cursed, arching up against Kimura's frame, his breath coming in tight, shuddering gasps.

Goro came, moaning breathlessly and leaning in to kiss Tsuyoshi. Nakai shut his eyes, still holding back.

"Look at me," Kimura ordered. Nakai met his eyes, his control slipping quickly.

"You're mine," Kimura growled, and thrust down roughly. A hoarse, inarticulate cry tore from Nakai's throat as he came, bucking into Kimura's hand, tightening around him. Kimura moved faster, finally surrendering himself as pleasure coursed through his limbs, riding it out with a final series of thrusts. He pulled himself out and collapsed heavily into Nakai's arms.

It was suddenly quiet, with nothing but the sound of five men slowly catching their breath.

Shingo sat up. "Wow."

Nakai stretched out his legs, squeezing his eyes shut. "Did I really just scream during sex?"

"Yes." Kimura buried his face happily in Nakai's neck.

"It was a very sexy scream," Goro said, rolling onto his back.

Nakai twined a lock of Kimura's hair between his fingers. "I hate you all."

Kimura raised his head and kissed Nakai, slow and lingering, a smile pulling at the corners of his mouth. Then, abruptly, he rolled off of him and got up, striding out of the bedroom with a purposeful air.

Nakai couldn't find the energy to prop himself up. "Where're you going?"

"To make dinner," Kimura replied, voice echoing down the hall. "Naked."

"I'll help!" Goro jumped up from the bed, dashing after him.

Shingo planted a kiss on Tsuyoshi's hip before following the other two. "I'll make dessert!" Tsuyoshi crawled over to rest his head on Nakai's chest.

"I have three naked cooks in my kitchen." Nakai covered his eyes with his arm. "I'm not sure if that's disgusting or incredibly sexy."

"Sexy," Tsuyoshi murmured, yawning. "Are you still mad at me?"

Nakai settled an arm across his bandmate's chest, listening to the sounds echoing from his kitchen. "Yes," he said, poking Tsuyoshi in the side. "You're all terrible people who can't keep secrets." His bandmate laughed sleepily.

"But that's why I like you guys," Nakai added, his smile splitting into a yawn. He tugged a pillow behind his head, letting his eyes fall shut. "Don't tell the others."
Friday, October ??...
In his dream, Luke Wright was bedridden. A sweltering fever overtook him, nausea gurgled in the pit of his stomach, and his tongue tasted ripe with his latest dose of bitter tasting pediatrics in the form of thick red syrup, given to him by his mum. Curious, it was, that Luke's mum appeared so young and full of vitality, as though her twenty-first birthday were only yesterday, while he, Luke, a full-grown man married to Hannah Evans, lay on his mattress, unblanketed in nothing but his underwear. The light in the room shone off the sickly sweat covering his skin.
There, Luke lay, unable and unwilling to move, suffering in his fever, his appetite nonexistent, his strength lacking. His mum stood across the room—this spacious room, where the walls gave each other more distance than cross lovers after a regrettable night of failed romance.
"Mum...?" Luke said, his voice splitting through laces of phlegm. "What are you doing?"
Luke's mum's back was turned. He watched her take off her shirt, revealing her naked flesh; she wasn't even wearing a bra.
"Don't do that here, mum," groaned her son, spending his meager strength on draping the back of his wrist over his eyes. Mum's extended period of silence was nothing short of eerie. Luke moved his arm off his face and looked to his mum again, now catching her in the act of removing her bottoms and showing him the curves of her bared buttocks. "Oh, God, mum! Get out of my room, please!"
Naked, Luke's mum carefully folded her clothes and lay them on top of his dresser. She kept standing there, unmoving. She hung her head.
"Mum?" Luke whispered, the rhythm of his heart on the rise. "Put your clothes back on and get the fuck out of my room."
Respectful children never spoke to their own parents that way, but Luke was becoming more and more convinced that this naked woman was not his mum.
"Now!" he added, his voice breaking through a sheen of phlegm in his infected airway. Luke was on the verge of desperation. This situation began to frighten him.
Whether the woman took offense to Luke's command or not, it was unclear. Her head jerked with inhuman intensity, her hair moving like someone batted a curtain from the other side.
A clicking.
The woman whom Luke initially thought was his mum turned a chalky shade of pale. She twitched again. Lesions erupted all over her body, as if she were being stabbed by invisible blades. Blood poured out of each and every one, giving the woman's entire form a visceral array of war paint. Her visage withered, the vitality disappearing before Luke's very eyes; and then she turned around, showing him her true undead identity, in the rotten flesh.
Luke has seen this woman before. That noise she made, like a set of hands were strangulating her. Those sinister eyes. That crazed grin, stretched from ear to ear. Flesh carved open, tissue exposed, a bloody, malicious ghost. Luke loved women, and he loved naked women even more, but this ghost was not the kind of woman Luke wanted in his room, as she started to walk toward him on broken limbs.
Luke's voice fell silent. He couldn't utter a sound, no matter how much he wanted. She, the ghost, let out an evil laugh.
She managed to shamble halfway across the room toward Luke when there was a knock on his bedroom door. On the outside, a falsetto that obviously belonged to an older man chimed out, "Housekeeping! I'm here to clean your room!" The man had an American accent.
At the sound of the voice from outside the door, the ghost woman stopped and stared in that direction. Something wasn't right. Somehow, Luke was able to piece it together, just by studying the ghost's reaction: the visitor outside the room wasn't supposed to be here.
The visitor knocked again. "Housekeeping!" he said in that same bone-chilling falsetto. "Are you kids fooling around in there? Mommy's not going to be too happy if she finds out!" Something metallic began to tap on Luke's bedroom door. "Luuuuuuke, are you in there? Come out, come out!"
The ghost woman, who stood there for the longest time, finally grew impatient. Breaking the laws of nature in one fell swoop, she shot over to the door, without the use of her legs; it was a warping kind of movement that left after-images in her wake. Luke watched her lean forward, passing the intangible upper half of her body through the barrier to see who was on the other side.
And then the door blew off its hinges, flinging the ghost across the room, and the door on top of her. A man in a red-and-black striped sweater, a ruined fedora, and brown pants, walked into the bedroom. To put it simply, the ghost woman who'd been haunting Luke's nightmares for some time now bore more of a resemblance to a human being than this man did. His face was hideous, like it'd been burned till he lost his identity. His hands shared the same fate. And speaking of hands, on his right hand, the man wore a glove or some kind of gauntlet with flexible finger wrappings. Razor sharp metal claws extended from each finger, about five or six inches in length.
The man with the burnt face grinned across the bedroom. He taunted Luke with the same falsetto he used outside the door. "Luuuuke, are you feeling well?" He showed his metal claws threateningly.
From under the unhinged door, the ghost woman shrieked in fury. The door came flying back at the man with the burnt face. A bizarre scene played out, where the man magically froze the door in time seconds before it crashed into him. The door situated itself between the man and the ghost. As the ghost shambled angrily up to the door, the man with the burnt face grabbed the doorknob, twisted, and swung the door open on nonexistant hinges. He leaned through the invisible doorway, putting his face inches from hers, and shouted, "Whatever you're selling, I don't want any!" And then he slammed the door in her face.
Literally.
He threw the door closed, but the door swung beyond its stopping point and smashed the ghost's nose in. This enraged her further. Hurling the door aside, the ghost tackled the man with the burnt face to the floor and started choking him. His fedora fell off as she shook him violently.
And all Luke could say was, "What the fuck is going on? Johannes! Where are you?!"
"Yeah, bitch?" the man with the burnt face said. "Fuck you, too!" Something just—happened, and suddenly, the ghost woman was on her back, and the man with the burnt face was straddling her. Granted, the ghost was still choking him, but it didn't seem to have any effect. The man with the burnt face swept the ghost's broken arms aside and proceeded to stab her all over with his metal claws. Each time Luke heard the blades seperate her rotten flesh, she let out an agonized scream. The man with the burnt face laughed. "You like that? You like that?"
On the sixth or seventh attempt to stab the ghost with his claw, the ghost vanished from beneath him. He thrusted, embedding his claw in the floor. The ghost appeared behind the man with the burnt face, no longer naked, but wearing a tattered dress, and she grabbed him, and lifted him up with so much force that his claw came out of the floor, and she hurled him through the window. As his body shattered the glass, he flipped the ghost woman the bird on his way down to the ground below.
On the border of total rage, the ghost snapped her attention to Luke. She wasn't in the mood for playing anymore. She rose off the floor and flew at him, her hungry arms outstretched, her teeth bared for the kill.
And then Luke woke up.
Two months after they were home from their sea voyage, Demon and Firebird got a letter from the captain of their ship.  They had seen Mama again and, sure enough, she now had a baby with her.  And she was showing it off with pride.  The captain thought it might be a girl, but they weren’t sure yet.
One month after that, Demon got a letter he had been both wondering about and dreading.  The courier had a very formal uniform with a patch that show he was from Wisteria.  And he carried himself with pride as he stepped into Demon’s office.
“Master Demon?  Sir, I have an important message from the Sovereign of Wisteria for you and Lady Firebird.”  The man said.  “Is she here today?”
Demon raided an eyebrow.  “No, she’s home, probably cooking right now.  But she usually shops tomorrow.”
“I would be honored to meet her.  I’m a free man because of what she said and did on Wisteria.”  The man said.  “I’ll be staying at Wisteria’s embassy for a few days if you want to send a message back to the Sovereign.  My name is Monty by the way.”
“Alright, if you do want to met her, Firebird is usually here around Noon.”  Demon said.
The messenger gave a slight nod and left the office.
Demon’s assistant, looking puzzled, asked.  “What was that all about? “
“From our sea trip a few months agon.  Remind me to tell you about Wisteria.”
“Oh, this is about Firebird freeing the slaves there?”
“Oh, goddess, and I didn’t even get to add to the gossip yet.  Yes, no, well, sort of.”  Demon said.
Demon went to his desk and looked at the letter.  The envelope was very fancy and official with the seal of Wisteria.  It was actually addressed to Master Demon, Lady Firebird, and Master Starchild.  He got a letter opener and sliced it open, pulled it out, and began to read.
Several hours later, as they finished up dinner, Demon finally sighed and said.  “I received a letter today.”
“From the captain again?  Any more news on Mama?”  Firebird and Storm both perked up.
Demon pulled it from his vest.  “No, from the Sovereign of Wisteria.”
The staff and Storm looked puzzled.  Firebird looked angry.
“What does she want?”   
Demon pulled the letter from the envelope.  “Now, it’s not that bad.  It seems.... you were right, Firebird.”
He opened the letter and began to read.
“Lady Firebird, Master Demon, and Master Starchild.
“I write one letter to three of you because, considering, one is easier to write.  Besides, I think if I wrote to Lady Firebird, she wouldn’t read it.  This way she can at least hear what I have to say.
“Lady Firebird, you were right.
“After a few days thinking about what you said, I ordered a ship and a crew with some of our water folk, deep divers, out to just beyond our boundaries.
“They found them.  Only a couple still wrapped in mostly complete shrouds.  A few others partly decayed and even partly eaten by fishes.  Mostly bones scattered around dead weights,  Of the 187 we have records for, we found 183 bodies or remains.  One dead weight on the edge of the drop-off with no bones around it.
“We brought up the bodies and the bones.  The bones carefully wrapped in their own shrouds.  They are all being interred in a special cemetery, each in her own grave.  When we can, we put names to them.  When we can’t, it’s just Unknown.  There will be a monument with all the names we have from our records, even if we can’t identify which body is which.
“We know most of the masters have died by now.  Only a few were recent.  But we have asked our embassies on the islands some claimed as recent to look for them and see if they are still living.  We will request punishment with the Sovereigns of those still alive, but doubt much will be done for slaves.
“We have done something.  All the slaves on Wisteria are free.  The young messenger who brought this to Demon is one of them.  He was a palace slave.  Now he is free and one of the first former slaves allowed off the island.  And they were not just freed with no where to go.  All their former mistresses must employ them in the same jobs and pay them.
“But we have discovered that a few are like you and Firebird. Lovers and consider themselves family now.
“One more thing, we honor you both as well.  There will be a statue of both of you in the plaza in from of the palace.   Demon standing behind Firebird who holds a broken chain in both hands.  With the saying “Lady Firebird and Master Demon.  Who opened our eyes, our minds, and our hearts.”
“I hope you will consider visiting us when it’s installed.  If you want more information, Demon, ask your messenger.  He knows the artist working on it.
“I await your reply,”
Sovereign Flora
Wisteria”
“Oh, dear, not again.”  Firebird said, her head in her hands.
Demon laughed.  “So you don’t want to see the statue unveiled and dedicated?”
“Oh, Goddess, no!  I’m going to stay on this island, in this house, maybe even under a bed if I have to.”  Firebird said, a bright pink.  “Why does everything I do explode so much?’
Wolf said, laughing.  “Well, you have done three things,  My people say everyone does three things beyond them in their lives, oh, burner of palaces, banisher of  the slave collector, and freer of slaves.”
“Four,”
“What?”  Demon said laughing.
“Four.”  Firebird pulled her hand away from her mouth.  “Four.  You forgot the Surgeon.  Means I have two more to go if it’s in threes.”
“No, one.  You are forgetting co-creator of the Healing Dance.”  Demon said with a grin.
“No, that’s on you....alright, but I am still staying here and not doing anything big.  Let the last one hang.”  Firebird said.
“But you freed the slaves.”  Demon tried to cheer her up.
“ No, Wisteria’s Sovereign and her people did.  Hopefully with more islands to follow.  But she did.  I just pointed out that most of those before were dead on the bottom of their ocean.”
“Well, the messenger, Monty, would like to meet you.  He believes you are responsible for his freedom.”  Demon said.
“Oh, dear Goddess.”
“Ah, don’t disappoint your fan.  He’ll probably be treated and fed for months on just meeting you and the stories he’ll tell about it.”  Demon said with a grin.
“Oh....what the hell.  I’ve got nothing better to do than be bright red for the rest of my life.”
Later that night, in their room, Firebird sat on the bed to take off her boots.  She pulled them off and then just sat on the bed, her head down with a depressed look.  Demon was mostly undressed by the time he noticed.  He moved to kneel in by her.
“Firebird, what’s wrong?”
“Demon....” she sighed.  “Everything I’ve done was supposed to be small.  To protect me, you, distract people...  I burnt that bastard at the Sovereign’s Gala because he killed my parents and would have killed me given a chance.  Because I would not have given anything up.  I did what I did to the slave collector because the Sovereign said he’d keep trying to get me, annoying you, even after the Ball, up to kidnaping me.  The Surgeon...well, that was big.  Because he deserved it and had killed so many.
“On Wisteria, we had to get away.  So I thought of the only thing to distract them.  I knew they, as free women, would not have thought of the fate of the slaves.  As a slave, I knew it was the way it would be.  So I told them what I knew to be true.”
Demon stroked her face.  “But you did a good thing.  And sparked a quiet revolution.”
“Oh, I doubt that.  I bet if we talk to...Monty did you say his name was?  I bet if we talked to him, we’d find some women refused to give up their slaves.  Might even have killed one or two rather than give them up.”
“How do you think of these things?”
She smiled sadly.  “I’m a slave remember.  And I had six brutal years before you.  It’s still all I can think of.  And despite all you may do, it will be all I can think of until the day I die.”
“Ah, my heart.”  Demon pulled her to her feet, wrapped his arms around her, and kissed her.  After a moment, his hands slid around to take off her top, without breaking the kiss.  He tossed her top away before he pulled back As he began to pulled down her leggings, he said.  “Now, let me get you naked so I can distract you from your thoughts.”
Firebird grinned just a bit.  “Well, you do give good distraction.”
“Just good?”
“Alright, excellent distraction.”
Firebird got on the bed as Demon finished undressing.  When he saw her laying down, he said.  “No, kneel.”
Then he climbed on the bed and knelt almost the center.  She knelt in front of him before he pulled her up his legs.  Demon lifted her into his lap and entered her.Their wings opened and began to move as their hips did. His hands stayed on her hips, helping her rise and fall with his rhythm.  Her hands slid under his wings to stroke his sensitive spots.  He kissed her and then nuzzled her neck as she lifted her chin.  He bit down to draw blood and licked it up.  Then he lifted his chin so she could do the same.  Then they kissed, savoring their blood.
The fire rose fast as they kissed and exploded along their nerves.  They shivered in each others arms and panted as they came down.  Finally, they headed for the pool to cool down.
Demon watched her walk ahead of him and found he was getting aroused again.  Watching the sway of her hips, her wings still shivering, and then the rising water as she walked into the pool.  He followed close behind.  They floated, their wings slightly open to cool off.  Demon reached out to pulled her close to kiss and then closer to rub against her.
Firebird felt his erection as he held her tight.  “Demoooooooan.”  It changed from his name to a moan as he stroked under her wings.
Demon whispered.  “I want to please my hero.”
“What?”
“You rescued me from the mean ladies on Wisteria.”  Demon smiled at her.
“Well, you rescued me from my kidnaper.”  Firebird said.
“We’re just going to have to keep doing that.”
Demon released her and she swam to the stairs, walking out of the pool.  Demon followed her closely.  While she was still on the tiles around the pool, he reached out and stroked down her back as he growled low.
She froze, tossed her head back with a deep moan.  He wrapped one arm around her waist as he stroked, licked, and kissed as far down her back as he could.  Her wings shook as he stroked and licked her.  Until her legs gave out and took them both to their knees on the floor.  He pushed her legs apart first with one knee and then the other as she leaned forward on to her hands.
Demon entered her and pulled her closer.  His one arm held her still as his hips rocked, and he still licked, kissed, and stroked her back.  Firebird moaned and growled until the fire exploded again along their nerves to their wing tips and toes.  Demon roared and Firebird cried her firebird’s cry.
They collapsed on the cool tiles, and lay, panting, for a long while.  Then, too tired to stand, they crawled into the pool.  They floated for a long while until finally cool.  They left the pool, this time making it all the way to the bed.
As they lay in the darkness, waiting for sleep, Demon still felt Firebird’s worry over meeting the former slave.
“You know, that is the way to handle this.  You are Monty’s hero.  Treat him like that.  NOT like we just did.”  Demon said.
“Oh, I don’t know.  Is he a handsome young man?”  Firebird said with a bit of a grin.
Demon growled.  “No.  Don’t tell him why you did it.  Or anything like that.  Just take his admiration and praise with a thank you.  Yeah, a blush, we know you’re gonna do that.  But don’t worry about it.  It’s not often one gets to be a star.  Enjoy it.”
“I’ll try.”
The next day they rode in and stabled the horses.  Demon left for his office and Firebird did her shopping.
A half hour before Noon, Monty showed up at Demon’s office.  “Is she here yet?”
Demon chuckled.  “No, not yet.  Why don’t you wait here.  She’ll be along shortly.”
“Do I look alright?”
“Calm down, Monty.  She’s just a person like you or I.  She may be bright red most of today, but she’s just a person.”
“Bright red?”
Demon chuckled again.  “Yes, Firebird is... a bit shy.  She doesn’t like calling attention to herself.  Which is why we won’t be attending the statue’s dedication.”
“But why?”  Monty said.  “She deserves it!”
“You know it, and I know it.  But Firebird...just doesn’t like it.  She’s said she’ll stay home, in the house, and maybe under a bed if she had to.”
“Well, at least I get to met her.  I’ll try to behave.”  Monty sat on one of the comfy chairs Demon had in the waiting area.  He kept looking at the clock every five minutes.
Until just before Noon, Firebird walked into the office.  She chatted with a couple of Demon’s employees as she walked toward his office.  Demon heard “Oh, goddess, she’s here.” as he left his office.
“Hello, my heart.”  Demon kissed her,  “And this is Monty, from Wisteria.”
The young man got up from the chair, and then knelt in front her with his head bowed.  “Lady Firebird.  I meet your honor...I mean thank you meet.  Oh goddess.”
Firebird laughed a bit while blushing a bit pink.  “Monty, Monty.  Stand up.  I’m just like anyone else.  You don’t have to do that.  I am honored to meet you, too.”
Monty stood up.  “It’s just such an honor to meet you.”
“No, it’s not.  I’m not a Sovereign, not a goddess.  Not even anybody famous.”
Demon grinned.  “Oh, I don’t know about that, oh, burner of palaces, banisher of slave collectors, freer of slaves.”
Firebird glared at him.  “Oh, don’t you start.  Now, I am hungry.  Where are you taking us, Demon?”
As Demon lead them from the office, Monty asked.  “Did you really burn down a palace?”
“No!.  Despite what this one here says.”  Firebird shook a finger at Demon.  “I just toasted the bastard that ordered my parents’ deaths.  I thought I was rather restrained.  I only burned holes in his clothes and all the hair off his head.”

Demon lead them to a very nice restaurant across the market square.  Monty seems a bit surprised.  Like he had never been to such a nice, classy place.  Demon requested a booth with a bit of a grin.  Firebird looked at him with a glare.
“Are you plotting something?”  She asked.
“Me, no, not at all.  Not me.”  Demon said, with a not so innocent look.
They talked about all the changes taking place on Wisteria because of what had happened.  Monty was rather proud of them.  But Demon could tell he thought Firebird was the source of it all. The way he looked at her.  Demon had a slight worry Monty might try to take her away from him.
“We had a lot of artists submitting designs for the statue, Lady Firebird.  Some of just you.  Some of both of you.  But my friend’s won out.  He called it Breaker of Chains.”  Monty said.  He fished around in his messenger bag a moment before pulling a small box out.
“Wisteria is also starting a medal.  The Medal of Freedom.  The Sovereign is thinking of making it so that each time it’s awarded, the design will match what it is awarded for.”  Monty said.  “But the first one is awarded to you, Lady Firebird.  It has the statue on it.”
He handed the box to her.  Firebird opened it.  Inside was a large gold medal, on a wide red ribbon.  The design on was the statue.  Just Demon standing behind Firebird.  She was holding a broken chain.  On the back, it had the year, Lady Firebird, and 1st Medal of Freedom.
She looked up and both Demon and Monty were grinning.  Someone from the booth next to them stood up.
“Lady Firebird, I am the ambassador from Wisteria.  And it is my honor to present you with the first Medal Of Freedom of Wisteria.  You may not have changed the laws, or signed the paperwork, but your words and your love and protection of your master, Demon, put in motion a wonderful change on the island.”
The whole restaurant began to applaud.  Firebird finally paid attention to the other people around her.  Their Sovereign was in the booth with Wisteria’s ambassador.  The other side of the restaurant was Starchild, Space, and Cat.  Demon’s staff and Storm were next to them.
Firebird glared at Demon.  “You knew they were doing this.”
“Yep.”  He grinned at her.  “If we couldn’t get you to the ceremony, we brought the ceremony to you.”
“Speech! Speech!”
Firebird stood up.  “I am honored, if bright red.  Thank you.  Now, I’d like to eat my dessert.  It’s chocolate.”
Demon roared with laughter.  “Best speech ever.”
############################################################
Five Years After Firebird Passed To The Summerlands
Demon and Starchild brought a shipment of medical supplies to Wisteria on the same ship they had first visited the island.  The same captain still sailed her.  The two men had reinstated shipments not long after Firebird got the medal. But they had rarely rode along.  But Demon had a mission.
Grey had invaded his hair.  Mostly because he was morning Firebird.  He had begun to feel his life wind down and he wanted to do this once before the end.  Storm and his lady was expecting their first child, a boy.
“Demon, are you really sure you want to do this?”  Starchild said.
“Yes, I want to see her one more time.  Even if it’s just a statue.”  Demon said.  His voice was soft and sad.
The captain said.  “Just remember this is a quick stop.  The tide is moving out.  So we won’t be here long.”
“I won’t be long, captain.  You can always send Star after me.”  Demon said as he left the ship.
He walked the streets toward the palace.  It wasn’t the building they had him and Firebird in before.  He wasn’t even sure he saw that one anymore.  He didn’t pay attention to the fact people were staring at him as he walked.  First with a “Do I know him?” look and then, “Oh my gods, it’s him!”
As he climbed the stairs the palace plaza, the statue rose before him.  He was surprised to see flowers around it.  Either at the base or tucked around their feet.  There he stood, proud behind her, his hands on her arms.  Both their wings folded.  Firebird stood proud and bold, her head up and glaring.  Her hands held a chain that was broken in the middle with a few links at her feet.  Oddly, he had his dragon boots on and she had her normal boots.  This despite the fact, when they were there, they only wore their boat shoes.  The embassy must have told them about that.
“Hello, Demon.”
He turned and it was Wisteria’s Sovereign.
“It’s good to see you again.  Is your lady with you this trip?”
Demon felt his tears start.  “No, she passed to the Summerlands five years ago.  The stones finally got her.”
“Oh, I’m sorry.  I was hoping she could see this.”  Flora said.  “I hope she would be proud of this.”
Demon snorted.  “Oh, hell no.  She would have been embarrassed,  I would have had to tie her up and toss her over my shoulder to even get her here.”
The Sovereign laughed.  “Yes, Monty said she was bright red when they gave her the medal.  And shortest speech ever.  ‘Thank you.  I want my dessert. It’s chocolate.’”
Demon looked up at the statue again.  Well, the Firebird part at least.  “I miss her so much.  I just had to see her again, even as a statue.”
“Demon,”  Starchild came up.  “Captain said it’s time to go.  Tide’s turning.”
Just then someone came running up to the group with a box.
“Ah, good, just in time.”  The Sovereign said.  “Demon, this is the artist’s model of the statue.  It helped win the design contest.  We’d like you to have it.  I saved it just for you.”
Demon took the box.  “Thank you, Sovereign.”
He and Starchild turned back to the ship.  On board, as the ship sailed from the harbor, Demon took the box to his cabin.  The same one he and Firebird had shared.  He carefully opened the box.  The model lay in protective padding.  He swore this version smiled and looked at him.  He stroked the figure’s face.
“Soon, my heart, soon.  It’s been hard without you.”
Demon swore he heard her voice in his head.  “Very hard.”
He laughed with his tears.  “Stop that.”
“It’s good,” Charles beamed. “As if it would be anything else.”
Dick nodded. “Might do a little-”
Charles slapped his hand away from the mixing board. “It’s perfect!”
“Who the fuck is producing here, you or me?” Dick scoffed. “Get the fuck away from my board!”
“I don’t have to be a producer to know what sounds good,” Charles said sternly.
“Oh jesus,” Dick grumbled.
“What?” Charles asked, clearly miffed. “You’ve got something you want to say, so say it!”
“Look, you’re the manager/CFO/baby-sitter, and I respect that-” Dick started.
“Uh...there’s a fire,” Nathan’s voice came in over the booth mic.
“Yeah, one minute sweetheart,” Dick pressed the mic button and replied. “Anyway, like I was saying, I get it. You like having your hand in a lot of pies. But you do that, ya know what ya get?”
“Dessert?” Charles asked sarcastically.
“Syphilis, because the pies are a metaphor,” Dick replied. “You’re just ramping up to a big old case of business syphilis, is what y-”
“Oh god! Fire!” Pickles shouted over the mic.
“Yes! We know, the name of the song, ‘I Ejaculate Fire’,” Dick slammed the mic button down. “Can you boys get to recording, or do you need your hands held? Because I’m already schooling one idiot, I don’t have time for five more!”
“Idiot?!” Charles fumed. “I don’t know what the fuck is up your ass-”
“More like which band member hasn’t been up yours-”
“I’m with Pickles, and Pickles only, thank you,” Charles cut him off with a glare. “And even if I wasn’t, it would be none of your fucking business.”
“My amps ams smokings!” Skwisgaar less said and more shrieked.
“For fuck’s sake, how hard it is to record a song?!” Dick didn’t even look to hit the mic button. “GET IT DONE; I AM BUSY!”
“I can’ts breathes,” Toki’s voice came weakly over the mic.
“You fucksch are gonna let usch die?!” Murderface’s question was right on the end of Toki’s coughs.
Charles sighed, then turned to look at the booth. “Fuck!”
The booth was filled with black smoke, the only sign of the band being their hands slapping at the glass.
Dick turned, then did a double take. “Oh! Oh, they meant real fire.”
“Apparently!” Charles shouted as he ran to the booth door and yanked it open, ducking low as smoke flooded the rest of the studio. “Why didn’t you guys open the door?”
“Oh yeah,” Pickles muttered as he crawled out of the booth. “Sorta forgot we could do that. Heh.”
“...You all need a doctor,” Charles fussed.
“We aren’t done yet!” Dick called over.
“We are for now!” Charles called back as he helped Skwisgaar drag Toki out of the booth, and started compression-only CPR. “Don’t you dare change a thing about the current mix, it’s perfect!”
Dick grumbled, and stomped out of the studio.
“Is he going to get help?” Nathan coughed as he lay on the floor, trying to stay below the smoke.
“I don’t think so,” Charles replied. “Murderface, would you run, pull the fire alarm?”
“Asch fire schafety officer, I would be pleasched to,” Murderface smirked, and reached up for the fire alarm.
The alarm blared, and Charles sighed as Klokateers flooded the studio, some with stretchers, others with fire extinguishers.
The boys would be okay.
And so would the master tapes of what, to his mind, was one of the best songs they’d recorded.
The way Harasawa spent hour after hour staring at the water lapping against the wooden sides of the ship you would think he missed dry land. It was quite the opposite. Land had never held the appeal of the sea, and as soon as he’d been old enough to latch onto his father’s leg and beg to be brought aboard his merchant trading ship he’d been at home on the waves.
After his father’s death he’d continued the company, shipping everything from textiles to crab. He had a home, officially, a little house on a rocky outcropping that held a wife and two kids, and the two or three weeks a year he spent with them were pleasant enough, but nothing ever felt right without the deck swaying beneath him and the taste of salt on his lips.
A heavy hand rested on his shoulder, drawing him from his memories. “I don’t pay you to stand around and stare at the water, Katchan.”
Harasawa didn’t look, but he could tell Imayoshi was smiling, he was always smiling in a way that seemed to hide darker intentions. “I don’t think you pay me at all, Captain.”
Imayoshi leaned in, pressing his face close to the side of Harasawa’s neck. He focused his eyes on the horizon, trying not to shiver where Imayoshi touched him. “I do enjoy it when you call me Captain.”
A yell from the rigging pulled Imayoshi away from him and brought Harasawa to attention. It was true he had duties to attend to, thought it was also strictly true that he wasn’t being paid. Pirates didn’t have wages to speak of, at least not ones so recently recruited. He had food, from the captain’s own table, warmth in the wide hammock they shared, and the scorn of First Mate Susa to rival the angriest storm, what need did he have of wages?
He followed the commotion, a ship had been sighted, and set to pulling the sails with a few other crew members. Many years at sea had trained a deftness into his fingers, they did not slip on the ropes, and his arms barely fatigued. They neared the ship with a superhuman speed, winds strong at their back, and soon enough details could be seen to know the ship was no threat. It truly had only been a few weeks since it was his ship, a small vessel that he’d worked hard to keep seaworthy, filled to the brim with textiles and a healthy amount of rice from the continent, was in the same position as the strangers across the water, within range of Imayoshi’s ambitions, soon enough to fall before him.
The ship surrendered at the first smiling threat from Imayoshi’s mouth, and when they boarded it was with empty chests for loot, not swords drawn for confrontation. Harasawa could see himself in the hunchbacked captain of this trader, see the fear in his eyes that quickly turned to humiliation and resignation. His livelihood was walking away, piece by piece, in the hands of pirates, and there was nothing he could do but watch. When they left the trader, sails slashed but still barely useable, and most of the crew intact, Harasawa breathed easier. It was better to forget where he came from, how readily he’d surrendered, how all it had taken was a wink and a veiled suggestion to get him on his knees before the captain, first in public then in private.
By the time they left the ship in their wake, the sun was setting and the loot was all stowed belowdecks. Harasawa stretched and rolled his shoulders. The evening air felt good on his face, and he squinted towards the horizon, where the sun set in direction of land he had no desire to see again.
“Harasawa, will you meet me in my quarters?” Imayoshi called across the deck as he hopped down the ladder from the upper decks to the main. He didn’t respond, but he made sure the night crewman was there to take his place and he followed his captain. Imayoshi didn’t turn back as Harasawa followed him down the narrow hallway, lined on both sides with small rooms housing crew quarters. They passed the small galley and entered the captain’s quarters. Imayoshi removed his hat, running both hands through his hair before turning back to where Harasawa stood by the closed door.
“Do you ever regret it, Katchan? Joining us?” Imayoshi asked as he turned towards the quickly darkening windows. The windows were wide, covering most of the stern of the ship, an expensive status symbol that spoke more to Imayoshi’s reputation than anything else.
Harasawa took a deep breath, hesitating more for effect than anything. “No, sir, I don’t regret it.”
Imayoshi glanced back, looking above his eyeglasses as they dipped low on his nose. “What about joining me? Do you regret that?”
“Never.” It was strange, how easily the thought came to his lips, and how he couldn’t have hesitated even if he tried.
“Ah, ‘never’ what, Katchan?” He raised an eyebrow and Harasawa wanted to roll his eyes.
“Never, sir.”
“Thank you, I’m very fond of the way you say that.”
“I thought it was just ‘Captain’ that you liked...sir.” Harasawa responded, his voice monotone.
Imayoshi laughed, and balanced on the edge of his wide hammock, set in an alcove in the wall. He slipped the boots from his feet before scooting back. The hammock swayed gently, mirroring the movement of the waves, and the momentum caused by Imayoshi’s movement.
“Ah yes, that, too. Come over here and fuck me, Katchan.”
Harasawa wanted to roll his eyes again, at the nickname if nothing else, but an order was an order and he wanted nothing more than to obey, so he crossed the room instead.
When they kissed it was so reminiscent of the sea that Harasawa thought he was likely to drown in it. The chapped skin of Imayoshi's lips, salty with ocean air, the give and take where their tongues pressed against each other, the way the hammock swayed as Harasawa hovered over Imayoshi, everything was cyclical, repeating, an unrelenting natural force.
Imayoshi pulled impatiently at Harasawa's clothes, stripping him first of his shirt and then tugging his trousers halfway down his thighs before lying back to enjoy the view. Harasawa went slower. He kissed every part of Imayoshi as he revealed it, sinking his tongue into the hollows of his collarbone, pressing soft, light kisses down his chest with every unhooked button, biting softly at the bump of his hip bones when his waistband was pulled down.
"I plan on getting some sleep tonight, will you please hurry up." Imayoshi said, digging into the pocket of his discarded shirt before pressing a small vial into Harasawa's hand.
Harasawa looked up from where he was kissing the outside of Imayoshi's thigh and smiled gently. "Yes, Captain." He replied.
Imayoshi lifted his hips in response, widening where his legs sat on the hammock and inviting Harasawa to continue. If Harasawa could have his way he'd spend every night like this, between Imayoshi's legs, slowly kissing every part of him. Imayoshi was squirming impatiently again, and Harasawa knew the time for slow kissing was done. He poured some oil from the bottle Imayoshi had handed him over his fingers and pressed them against Imayoshi.
The resistance was minimal, but the sharp intake of breath Harasawa heard was more than enough evidence that he was being felt. Imayoshi was only half hard, but as Harasawa stretched him, moving and twisting his fingers, he adjusted quickly, and soon wrapped his own hand around his cock, unable to wait any longer.
“Come on,” Imayoshi breathed, and Harasawa listened, sliding up on his knees and pulling out his fingers to line himself up. He pushed inside with a strangled sigh of his own. He tried not to think about anything except how good it felt and his mouth fumbled at the skin of Imayoshi’s shoulder, kissing against a scar there.
They continued, in repeated motion, Harasawa’s hips pressing in, Imayoshi with his head thrown back against the course canvas of the hammock. They were getting louder, heavy breathing giving way to grunts and moans, Imayoshi’s cock was still in his fist, wedged between both of their stomachs.
When they finished, it was Imayoshi that came first, breathing in a whiny high pitch against the back of his own hand, his back and leg muscles clenching and twitching. Harasawa followed quickly afterwards, and he couldn’t stop himself from saying Imayoshi’s name.
Afterwards, they laid together, Imayoshi pressed into Harasawa’s side with his arm flopped over his chest.
“Why do you only call me Shouichi in bed?” Imayoshi asked, toying idly with Harasawa’s nipple, watching it react as he flicked it.
Harasawa swallowed. “You’re my captain.” He replied.
Imayoshi laughed and Harasawa could feel his breath on his skin. “I’m always your captain.”
“If you want me to call you captain during sex you need only ask.” Harasawa allowed himself a smile.
“Maybe I want you to call me Shouichi outside of my quarters.” Imayoshi suggested, just a hint of joking in his voice.
“That would be inappropriate.”
“Fucking your captain is inappropriate, calling him by his name is just good manners.”
Harasawa supposed he was right, and conceded as much. He privately told himself nothing would change, he would still call Imayoshi Captain, or just Imayoshi, and he would continue to only be called Katchan in private, and Harasawa elsewhere. They had a routine, though it was built on shaky nonverbal vows and the unwritten promise that every pirate memorized: death and defeat could always be over the next horizon.
Due
South and all of its characters belong to Alliance Communications
Views to:
Story page: http://users4.50megs.com/callie
OK. So this makes it a trilogy. Follows
The Call and The Return. Enjoy!

THE HONEYMOON
by Callie

Stanley Raymond Kowalski sat on the
porch his feet up on the wooden rail that encircled the small cabin an
open book on his
lap; he gazed distractedly into the distance, admiring the green
of the countryside surrounding him. Diefenbaker was curled up
under his chair, woofing softly in his sleep every now and again.
Ray twiddled the gold band on his ring
finger smiling to himself; he was on his honeymoon with a man he loved
desperately
and with all his heart, and to whom he had committed himself
forever. Ray was deliriously happy and content, even more so
because he knew that Fraser felt the same.
Fraser had tentatively suggested that
they left the city to come into the hills to spend their time off alone.
Ray hadn't
cared where they ended up as long as they were together. Packing
a bag each, they had collected Diefenbaker from Constable
Turnbull at the Consulate, purchased enough supplies for a week
and headed the GTO out of the city towards the green hills.
As it was out of season, they had easily
rented the small neatly furnished wooden cabin nestled in between some
woods and a small lake. Both men were enjoying the freedom that being
out of
the city afforded them, relieved to be away from the outside
world for a while. A world that didn't understand their love, and one
that more often than not frowned on relationships such as
theirs.
Their days had been filled with love
as they spent time talking about their future together, giggling and
teasing each
other as they kissed and cuddled in the cozy cabin. Being autumn, there
were no other people in the immediate area, and they had
been able to walk in the hills every day hand in hand, free to
display their love for each other.
As night fell over the small cabin,
they spent their evenings snuggled up on the couch, Ray listening to
Fraser read from his
father's journals. They had danced to soft music in the
flickering candlelight, and made gentle and passionate love to
each other.
Ray didn't want it to end, but he knew
that in three days, they would have to return to the city, which sometimes
seemed to
be filled with petty prejudices and unjust cruelty. Ray sighed
heavily to himself; they loved each other so much, but couldn't
show that love in public for fear of retribution and abhorrence
from people who didn't or wouldn't accept their love.
Ray was startled out of his reverie
by Fraser kissing the top of his head as he came out of the cabin, having
insisted on
washing up and clearing away their lunch things. "Penny for
them," he whispered as he flopped down in the wooden seat
next to Ray taking his slender hand in his larger one, squeezing
gently.
"Just thinking," Ray glanced
sideways smiling. "Ya know..."
"Ahhh," Fraser said smiling
back. "I see."
"Ya know," Ray squeezed Fraser's
hand back. "One day. When we're an old married couple. I'll work
out
what yer ahhh thingy means."
Fraser lifted Ray's hand to his lips
kissing it gently. "It means. I understand. I know what you are
thinking," he kissed Ray's hand again. "And I think the same."
"So. Do ya wanna make love here?
Or go indoors?" Ray teased raising his eye brows suggestively.
Fraser flushed despite himself. "Ray,"
he scolded lightly. "You're incorrigible. That's not what I meant.
And
you know it."
"Yeh. I know," Ray agreed running the back of his
hand down Fraser's cheek making the Mountie shiver slightly.
"But I just kinda love it when ya blush. Ya look so
cute."
"Ray," Fraser chided adopting
his best serious expression, which quickly turned into a wide grin. "What
would you like to do this afternoon?" he asked changing the
subject quickly.
"Thought ya wanted to go riding,"
Ray said.
"No. Well yes," Fraser babbled
staring into Ray's eyes, his expression uncertain.
"Well which is it?" Ray shot
him a lopsided grin. "Yes or no?"
"No," Fraser said firmly.
"It's not important. I can ride any time. I want to be here with
you," he looked
down at his hands. "And we are on our honeymoon."
"Hey," Ray said noting a wistful
tone in Fraser's voice. "We're not joined at the hip. Ya don't have
to stay
here with me. I'll be OK here with my book," he lifted the
book from his lap. "And I might even go for a little walk
later. Ya know admire some of the wildlife yer always telling me
about."
"But....," Fraser interrupted.
Ray put his fingers over Fraser's lips
stopping the Mountie mid-protest. "But nothing. It's yer honeymoon
too. Ya get to do things ya wanna do as well. And ever since we saw that
stable
on our way up here, I know ya have just been dying to get on a
horse Mr. Royal Canadian Mounted Policeman."
Fraser leaned towards Ray beaming, loving
the slender man a little bit more. "When did I get so lucky?"
he asked
kissing the tip of Ray's nose.
"Bout the same time I did,"
Ray replied smiling.
"Are you sure?" Fraser asked
again. "I could st..."
"Go," Ray interrupted. "Before
I change my mind."
"Thank you kindly Ray," Fraser
said jumping to his feet starting down the steps, Diefenbaker at his
heels.
"Hey," Ray protested loudly.
Fraser stopped in his tracks turning
and hurrying back to Ray. Leaning forward, he claimed Ray's lips in a
passionate kiss.
"Have I told you that I love you today?" he breathed
against the pale skin.
Ray pulled back smiling. "Oh yeah.
Lots of times." he whispered huskily. "And ya can tell me again
when ya get
back," he raised his eyebrows suggestively again. "And
I'll even let ya back yer words up with actions."
"Incorrigible," Fraser muttered
under his breath as he joined Diefenbaker who was waiting impatiently
at the bottom
of the steps. Turning he waggled a finger at Ray. "Don't go
too far into the woods alone. And be careful," Fraser
instructed as he startled to walk along the dirt track towards
the local stables.
"Yes Mum," Ray called after
him grinning. He watched Fraser stride purposefully along the track until
he disappeared
from view, then turned his attention back to his book.

**************

After an hour, Ray became bored with
his book deciding to take a walk in the woods. Shrugging into his fleece
jacket, he ambled
towards the woods his hands shoved in his pockets. He wandered
along the overgrown path studying the trees and the wild flowers
that were clumped together at the side of the path. Peace and
beauty seemed to surround him, and he grinned foolishly to
himself.
Looking up, he admired the changing
colours of the trees; it was mid autumn and the trees towered up into
the clear blue sky,
their branches still thick with leaves of varying colours -
bursts of reds, golds and yellow seemed to make the small wood
glow. Ray dragged his attention away from the trees glancing down at
his watch. "Time to go home. My turn to cook
dinner," he thought to himself as he turned to retrace his
steps towards the cabin.
Ray took a last look up at the trees
not noticing the tangle of tree roots across the path. Catching his right
foot in a large snarled and blackened root, Ray pitched forward twisting
his
ankle. He cried out as he fell forwards hard onto his hands and
knees.
Cursing to himself silently, Ray rested
his head on the ground letting the pain from his right ankle wash over
him. After five
minutes of deep breathing, Ray struggled to sit up noting that
his hands were grazed and his knees hurt, smarting as his jeans
rubbed them. "Clumsy Kowalski strikes again," he
muttered angrily to himself as he rubbed at his ankle trying to
ease the pain. Ray guessed that it wasn't broken as he could
wiggle his toes and move his ankle even though it did cause a
stabbing pain which made him draw a sharp breath.
Using a large tree as a support, Ray
struggled to his feet yelping in pain as he put his right foot to the
ground. Leaning
against the tree, he breathed deeply willing the pain to stop. He cautiously
put the toes of his right foot to the ground in an
effort to relieve the weight from his ankle. "OK. Good.
We're good," he thought to himself as he started to limp
back along the path towards the cabin.
As he stumbled and limped along the
path, Ray decided that he wasn't going to tell Fraser about his accident
knowing that
Fraser would only fuss around him for the rest of their
honeymoon. Ray wanted Fraser to enjoy his time away from the city doing
the things he wanted to do, like riding and swimming in the cold water
of the small lake; Ray shivered at the thought.
Ray tried to quicken his pace in the
hopes that he could get back to the cabin before Fraser so he could bathe
his grazes and
strap his ankle. He whimpered at the pain the effort caused, but
gritting his teeth he forced himself forwards.
After half an hour, Ray was panting
hard and his ankle throbbed in pain making him feel sick. Stopping he
leaned against a tree closing his eyes for a moment to catch his breath.
In the
eerie silence of the woods, Ray thought he could hear a thudding
sound drawing nearer to him, getting louder with each moment.
Opening his eyes, Ray jerked his head towards the sound.
"Greatness," he thought to himself as he shrunk back
behind the tree not wanting to be attacked by some wild beast. As the
thudding sound got nearer, Ray peered cautiously out from his hiding
place. "It's the cavalry," he groaned to
himself.
"Hello Ray," Fraser said from
the back of a large black horse. "What are you doing behind that
tree?"
"Looking at the.... the wild flowers,"
Ray stammered unconvincingly flushing slightly as he stepped out of the
shadows.
"Ahhh," Fraser teased. "I
see."
Ray glared at him. "So who's your
friend?" Ray enquired changing the subject quickly pointing at the
horse. He
nonchalantly leaned up against the tree trying to balance all his weight
on one leg, hoping that Fraser wouldn't notice.
"This is Warrior King. Isn't he
magnificent?" Fraser beamed patting the horse's head as Ray nodded,
nervously eyeing
the large horse up and down. "I went back to the cabin and
you were gone. So I thought I would come and meet you,"
Fraser continued.
"That was nice of ya," Ray
smiled weakly. "But ya didn't have to."
Fraser narrowed his eyes suspiciously
at Ray. His lover looked pale and he seemed to be balancing his weight
on one leg.
"Ray?" Fraser dismounted moving towards his partner,
concern written on his face. "What's wrong?"
"Nothing," Ray lied shrugging
his shoulders. "Just... ya know walking. Enjoying the sunshine.
Commuting
with .... with nature."
"I think you mean communing Ray,"
Fraser said as he stared into the pale blue eyes.
"Whatever," Ray gasped in
pain as Fraser took hold of his hands.
Fraser turned Ray's slender hands over
revealing the angry red grazes. "Ray?" he asked. "Are
you hurt anywhere
else?"
"Nah," Ray lied as he slipped
slowly down the tree, the pain in his ankle suddenly becoming too much.
He closed his
eyes in pain cursing himself for his weakness.
Fraser knelt down in front of him. "Ray,"
he scolded lightly. "Tell me."
"OK. OK," Ray opened his eyes.
"So I tripped over some of yer nature back there, and I .... I kinda
hurt my
ankle," he admitted defeated dropping his eyes down to stare at
his grazed hands. "But I didn't wanna worry ya. Spoil yer vacation
so I was sorta trying to get back... back to the cabin
before ya did. So I could fix myself up. But then ya came along
on ... Black Beauty there," he pointed at the horse, who was happily
munching at a small bush. "So that kinda ruined my
plan." Ray picked at his jeans, avoiding looking at Fraser.
"Sorry."
"Oh Ray," Fraser said running
his hand down the pale face. "You could never spoil my vacation.
Our honeymoon. You just being here makes it wonderful. Hurt or healthy.
I don't
care."
Ray looked at up Fraser, who was smiling
warmly at him, his dark blue eyes filled with love. "Boy. Did I
ever get
lucky," Ray said smiling back at his lover.
"Come on," Fraser hauled Ray
to his feet. "Let's get you back to the cabin. Then I can fix you
up." Fraser grabbed Ray around his waist helping him towards the
black horse.
"Hey," Ray said pulling back.
"I aint getting up there," he pointed at Warrior King. "Last
time I got on a horse. I was twelve. And we soon.... soon parted
company."
Fraser stifled a smirk. "Then it's
lucky that you are in love with a Mountie," he said as he helped
a protesting Ray
to get onto the back of the horse. Satisfied that Ray was
settled, Fraser put his foot in the stirrup swinging his leg
expertly over the back of the horse, sitting behind his partner.
Taking hold of the reigns, Fraser put his arms around Ray urging
the horse forwards with a squeeze of his legs. "It's alright Ray,"
he soothed as he noticed that Ray was clinging onto
the front of the saddle his eyes closed. "I won't let you
fall."
"Know ya won't," Ray murmured.
"It's just.... just a long way down." Fraser chuckled tightening
his grip
on his lover kissing the back of his neck lightly. "Mmmmm.
Nice. Did ya learn that at Mountie school?" Ray asked.
"No Ray," Fraser replied as
he guided Warrior King along the narrow path. "It's all part of
my special
service."
"Special service?" Ray asked
curious.
"My tender loving service. And
it's especially for you. And there's lots more to come later," Fraser
whispered his
voice husky with desire.
"Sounds nice," Ray shivered
in anticipation. Twenty minutes later, the partners arrived at the cabin.
Fraser
dismounted quickly tying Warrior King to the wooden railing. He
lifted his arms up towards Ray, and the slender man slipped off
the horse into Fraser's waiting strong arms, balancing
precariously on his uninjured leg.
Instead of supporting him around the
waist, Ray was surprised when Fraser swept him off his feet carrying
him up the steps
kicking open the cabin door and laying him gently on the couch.
Diefenbaker bounded over to his friends, softly licking at Ray's
hand in sympathy sensing that his blonde pack mate was in pain.
Ray smiled stroking the wolf's furry head fondly. Diefenbaker
whined softly laying down close to the couch, his head resting on his
paws.
Fraser gingerly removed Ray's boot and
sock studying the usually bony ankle which was now swollen and had begun
to
blacken. Ray bit his lip in an effort to stifle a cry of pain as
Fraser carefully manipulated his ankle from side to side, running his
fingers and hands expertly around the bones. Fraser looked up at Ray
smiling. "I don't think it's broken. Just badly
sprained," he judged. "I'll get you an ice pack,"
Fraser stood up moving towards the kitchen.
Ray slumped back against the couch cushions,
his eyes closed. Fraser returned and gently wrapped the ice pack around
Ray's
ankle, at the same time swinging his legs around onto the couch.
Fraser kissed Ray's forehead. "Will you be alright here
while I take Warrior King back to the stables?" he asked his eyes
full of concern.
"Yeh," Ray opened his eyes
smiling up at Fraser. "I'm good. Go take Black Beauty back to his
stables."
"Understood," Fraser chuckled.
"When I come back. I'll take another look at your ankle. And fix
up your
grazes with some cream I have with me."
"Oh greatness," Ray groaned
closing his eyes again. "I can't wait."
**************

Fraser returned forty-five minutes later
to find Ray asleep on the couch, dressed in his towelling gown. Fraser
sighed to
himself in exasperation; Ray had obviously showered - his blonde
spiky hair was wet and sticking up more wildly than usual. Fraser couldn't
believe how stubborn and determined Ray could be
sometimes, but he knew, deep down, that he wouldn't have it any
other way. Stubborn or not, Ray was his love and his life.
He shrugged out of his jacket hanging
it neatly over a chair. He tiptoed over to the couch; leaning forward,
he kissed Ray
lightly on the lips. Ray mumbled in his sleep smiling at the
touch. "Hi," he whispered opening his pale eyes slowly.
"Hi yourself," Fraser smiled.
"You should have waited. I could have helped you shower," he
indicated the
towelling gown.
"I'm good," Ray insisted.
"Just a bit sore. And ya know me, I aint good at waiting."
He swung his legs off
the couch patting the seat beside him. "Come and snuggle
with me," he invited smiling.
Fraser smiled back affectionately accepting
the invitation; as he sat down he lifted Ray's long legs up and gently
lay them
across his thighs. He couldn't help taking a quick look at Ray's
ankle - the swelling had gone down slightly, but it still looked
painful with angry blue and black bruising appearing around the
ankle bone.
He gently ran his hands up Ray's legs
caressing the pale skin softly. He rubbed lightly at the slightly reddened
knees.
"Do your knees hurt?" Fraser asked his voice low.
"Nah," Ray murmured. "Not
now."
Fraser smiled to himself as he continued
to rub at the sore knees. Ray shivered slightly as Fraser pushed aside
the towelling robe to run his hands lightly over his thighs, gently massaging.
"Ya got magic hands or something?"
Ray sighed. "Because that feels kinda good."
"No Ray. This is all part of the
service I mentioned to you earlier," Fraser squeezed one thigh gently
between his
fingers continuing to caress the other thigh with his other hand.
Fraser smiled to himself as Ray whimpered
at the loss of contact as he released the slender thighs from his ministrations.
Leaning forward, Fraser took hold of one of Ray's hands gently
running his fingers over the rough grazes. Finished with one
hand, he turned his attention to the other, softly brushing his
fingers over the palm, his movements soothing.
"Does anywhere else hurt?"
Fraser asked huskily.
"Mmm," Ray sighed pointing
to his lips. Fraser grinned and leant forward to claim the soft lips
in a passionate
kiss, swiping his tongue across the bottom lip requesting entry.
Ray moaned opening his mouth, and Fraser thrust his tongue in
exploring and sucking at Ray's tongue.
Ray returned the kiss enthusiastically,
his tongue duelling with Fraser's, the pain of his ankle forgotten. Pulling
back from the kiss at the same time, they gazed at each other smiling,
love mirrored in their eyes.
"Love ya Ben," Ray whispered.
"I love you Ray," Fraser said
getting to his feet holding his hands out towards his lover. "And
you promised
that I could back up my words with actions," he beamed
seductively, his head to one side as his gaze roamed up and down
Ray's lean body.
Ray trembled with anticipation. "So
I did," he grinned up at Fraser as he let the Mountie haul him to
his feet.
With Fraser's arm around his waist, they moved slowly towards the bedroom,
Ray awkwardly hopping on his good foot. Fraser carefully sat Ray on the
edge of the bed.
Sitting down next to him, Fraser wrapped
Ray in an embrace claiming his lips once again in a kiss. At the same
time, Fraser
pushed the towelling gown off Ray's shoulders, moving his mouth
down his lover's neck licking and sucking as the pale skin as he
caressed his hands down the slender arms. Moving back upwards,
Fraser captured Ray's lips again, thrusting his tongue in and out of
Ray's mouth. Ray moaned moving his hands towards Fraser's
shirt undoing the buttons and tugging it out from his jeans. Ray
pushed the shirt off Fraser's shoulders running his fingers over
the Mountie's nipples making Fraser gasp with pleasure at the
touch.
Fraser growled in the back of his throat
as Ray brushed his hand across his growing arousal. "Oh Ray,"
he breathed
as his partner massaged his erection through his jeans.
Pushing Ray gently back onto the bed,
Fraser quickly stripped off his jeans, shirt and boots discarding them
untidily on the
floor. Ray wriggled out of the towelling gown as he watched
Fraser strip marvelling at the sight of his naked lover, his
penis swollen and hard, the tip already leaking with precum.
Fraser smiled as he joined Ray on the
bed. They lay face to face hands caressing each other's naked body. "I
love you
Ray," Fraser whispered. "You are the best thing that
ever happened to me, and I will never let you go."
Ray's face lit up with a smile that
threatened to blind Fraser. "God I love ya too Ben," he beamed.
"I
couldn't live with ya. Yer my whole life."
Both mean leaned forward claiming the
other's lips in a gentle and loving kiss. They wrapped their legs and
arms around one
another, Fraser mindful of Ray's injured ankle, as they began to
grind their hardened penises together. They murmured each other's names
as they explored the now familiar territory of the other's
naked body, filling the small bedroom with sounds of their gentle love
making.
Fraser straddled the slender detective
rubbing his cock against Ray's groin sliding the hardness against his
lover's
balls causing Ray to squeak in pleasure arching his back into the caress.
"Like that?" Fraser asked as he wetted his
fingers thoroughly. "Want more?"
"Mmmm," Ray sighed as Fraser
carefully inserted a finger into his body. Ray wiggled and squirmed under
Fraser's
body lost in ecstasy and pleasure as Fraser gently added a second and
third finger thrusting in and out of the tight channel
stretching and preparing him. "Want ya," Ray whispered
spreading his legs wide. "Want ya now."
Fraser moaned throatily at the request;
needing to be inside his lover, he took hold of his throbbing erection
settling
himself between the spread legs, positioning his penis at Ray's
opening. Ray lifted his hips to meet Fraser's initial penetration sighing
as he felt his lover's cock slide into and fill his body.
Fraser leaned forward as he lunged deeper
into the warm body, pulling his cock in and out as he softly kissed and
nuzzled Ray's neck. Fraser could feel Ray's penis against his stomach
as he lay above his partner. Ray was thrusting upwards rubbing against
his
skin as Fraser plunged his penis deeper and deeper. Ray cried out as
Fraser's cock hit his prostate once, twice, three times. Ray
cried out again, and Fraser could feel a warm wetness against his skin
as Ray released his semen between their sweat soaked bodies. "Oh
Ben. Oh Ben," Ray softly chanted as his orgasm
overtook him. With a final upward thrust, he sagged back onto the bed
panting hard.
Opening his eyes, Ray grinned up at
Fraser. "Love ya," he mouthed as he ran his hands down Fraser's
back and
ass gently massaging the firm muscles. Ray dipped a slender
finger into Fraser's body, and the Mountie groaned loudly sinking his
penis deep inside the slender body.
As Ray encouraged him with soft loving
words, Fraser braced his hands on either side of the blonde head and
began to
rhythmically pump his cock in and out of Ray's body. Fraser
concentrated his whole being on giving Ray pleasure feeling the
muscles in his arms and legs tense and flex as he propelled his
penis deeper and deeper into his lover's warmth. Feeling his
balls lift and tighten, Fraser closed his eyes throwing his head
back in ecstasy as he pushed himself completely into the tight
channel. With a loud cry, Fraser came feeling his penis pulse
over and over, spurting his creamy release deep into Ray's body.
With a final shudder, Fraser slumped
forwards onto Ray trying to catch his breath. Ray whispered calming words
in his ear,
gently stroking his hands up and down Fraser's back.
Opening his eyes, Fraser gazed down
at Ray, who was smiling at him. "Love you," he said as he moved
his hand downwards carefully guiding his penis out of Ray's body. Grabbing
his shirt from the floor, Fraser gently cleaned them up. Covering them
with the blankets, he rolled onto his side pulling Ray with him.
"Wow," Ray murmured snuggling
close to Fraser's warmth. "Ya certainly know how to back yer words
up with
actions."
"Thank you kindly," Fraser
chuckled. "And may I say that you don't do so badly yourself,"
he said as he
wrapped his legs around the slender body accidentally kicking
Ray's right ankle with his foot making Ray yelp in pain. Fraser
tightened his grip kissing Ray's forehead trying to take the pain away.
"Sorry," he murmured against the pale skin.
"Sorry."
"It's OK,"Ray let out the
breath he was holding. He pulled back from the embrace looking into Fraser's
anxious eyes.
"Hey," he said softly caressing the worried face.
"It was an accident. No harm done."
Fraser nodded smiling slightly. "I
think it would be wise if you stayed off your foot for a couple of days.
Give your ankle time to heal properly," he said solemnly.
Ray grinned mischievously. "So
does that mean I can... ya know kinda stay in bed. And as yer my medical
help, ya have to
stay with me. Ya know..... in case the swelling gets worse or I
faint or something," his blue eyes twinkled with desire and
amusement.
Fraser leant forward kissing the tip
of Ray's nose. "Have I told you that you have the most wonderful
ideas?" he
teased. Fraser adopted his most serious expression. "Are you feeling
faint now?"
"Nope," Ray answered grinning.
"Oh," Fraser looked disappointed.
"Well. How about the swelling?" he whispered huskily.
"Ankle's fine. But I got another
swelling yer expertise could sorta deal with," Ray whispered as
he rubbed his
growing erection against Fraser's thigh.
"Understood," Fraser grinned
as he claimed Ray's lips in a passionate kiss, at the same time thrusting
his own
awakening arousal at Ray's groin.

THE END
Love it. Hate it. Views to:Cal18@usa.net











Luhan doesn’t really know how to say no Yixing. He swears that he could, if he knew how. But he doesn’t, so he’s the one that’s always stuck going along with whatever ridiculous ideas come spiralling out of the younger’s mouth.
Some of them aren’t so bad, even Luhan got a kick out of the expression on Wufan’s face when he found out they had replaced his moisturizer with self-tanner.
The worst one was definitely the time Yixing decided to drink a whole bottle of children’s cold and flu medicine. It would have been okay if he hadn’t slept through their manager trying to wake him up which resulted in him missing his flight back home.
One bad experience hadn’t stopped him from deciding to act out every little thought that popped into his head. Which is why Luhan is debating whether or not he wants to say yes to the brown eyes staring desperately into the depths of his soul.
“You haven’t even told me what you want to do yet.”
“Just say yes, I promise it will be worth it.”
Luhan pauses his FIFA  game and fiddles with the controller while deliberating.  Both he and Yixing know he’ll eventually say yes but he puts it off for the sake of his own dignity.
After a couple of minutes of Yixing staring at him imploringly, Luhan scrunches his nose and bites out a quick “Fine.”
Yixing’s mouth tugs up at the corners and he slaps Luhan’s arm fondly.
“I swear, if you make me regret this I’m never helping you again.”
It’s a lie, but again his dignity and all that.
“Trust me, you’ll probably enjoy this more than me.”
There’s a twinkling in his eyes that flashes DANGER in Luhan’s mind. He swallows his trepidation and returns to his game.
“So when are we doing whatever we’re doing?”
Yixing doesn’t answer for a while so Luhan sneaks a quick glance to find him chewing thoughtfully, discarded bag of skittles sitting on his lap.
“Give me a minute.” He shoves another couple of skittles into his mouth and absentmindedly runs his tongue over his lips.
“Gross.” Luhan hopes that by saying it he can make it true but in all honesty his mind is playing the motion on repeat. He faintly hears the booing of a crowd and returns back to his game to find that he’s lost the match.
“Gee thanks man.” He tosses the remote away and brings his attention back around to Yixing.
Mouth finally free of candy, Yixing grins and flashes his dimples.
“This will make it up to you.”
“Sure.”
Luhan may have gotten some enjoyment out of previous pranks but they’ve never been specifically for him, mostly just to cure Yixing’s curious mind.
Hearing the doubt in Luhan’s answer, Yixing rolls his eyes and slides to the floor in front of him.
“Just relax and don’t freak out.”
“Why would I -?”
He’s cut off in a moment of surprise when Yixing reaches up and grips the waistband of his sweatpants. He freezes, making it impossible for Yixing to drag the pants down.
“Lift your hips for a second.”
“What are you -?”
“Luhan.”
He complies, grumbling and freaking out again when Yixing tugs his underwear down as well.
He has to remind himself that it’s just Yixing.
Just Yixing trying to get him naked.
Just Yixing palming his cock with such concentration that Luhan wants to laugh.
Just Yixing causing his body to flood with warmth and arousal.
Just Yixing.
“Yixing.” It comes out stunted as Yixing licks tentatively at the head of Luhan’s cock.
It’s like he isn’t sure of what he’s even doing and Luhan wonders if that’s true. But any confusion is completely demolished when Yixing finally wraps his mouth around Luhan and sinks down.
This isn’t the first time for Luhan, but it has been a long time. It isn’t easy for him to hold himself back from fucking Yixing’s mouth and he finds himself rocking his hips up in time to Yixing hollowing his cheeks.
Yixing doesn’t go all the way down and he doesn’t need to, not with the help of his hand at the base of Luhan’s cock, practically stroking the orgasm out of him.
Luhan’s whole body tenses as he comes, opening his eyes to catch Yixing swallowing everything down. He groans at the younger when he pulls off, lips dark pink and shiny.
Yixing pulls Luhan’s pants back up and settles into his lap when Luhan grabs at his hips.
“What was that for then?” He drags his thumb across Yixing’s bottom lip, shuddering when the younger catches it in his mouth and sucks softly.
“I saw online that skittles make everything taste better. Just thought I’d try it out.”
And it’s so ridiculously Yixing that Luhan can’t even laugh at his reasoning. There’s only one thing on his mind now and he figures Yixing’s rubbing off on him in a bad way.
“Can I taste then?”
Yixing’s eyebrows knit in confusion.
“I don’t have any skittles left.”
And this time Luhan does laugh, cupping his hands behind Yixing’s neck and pulling him down closer.
“This will be fine then.”
He presses his lips softly against Yixing’s at first, pulling him closer when there’s no rejection. Yixing opens his lips pliantly, melting into Luhan’s embrace and tugging at his hair.
Luhan finds that he doesn’t mind the taste as he licks into Yixing’s mouth. The originally bitter taste is neutralised by the sweetness of the skittles and all Luhan can really taste is red.
They kiss until Yixing whines that his lips are sore and even then Luhan presses little kisses over his face to get him laughing again.
“I told you that you’d like this one.”
He says it all smug and proud, something rare for the ever humble Zhang Yixing.
“Alright, alright. I’ll never doubt you again.”
“Good, because there’s this online sex shop I think you’d like but you have to help me steal Duizhang’s credit card first.”
Jin/Junno, Scar : R, 170 words w: violence for Jo
Junno arched up into Jin's touch, eagerly taking everything the other man had to offer - pushing back against him as he welcomed the fingers around his throat, moaning as a cooler, sharper object came into play, ghosting trails over his back just like every other time; he expected the sweet pleasure-pain as it sliced through his skin, feeling his peak rapidly approaching - however, he didn't expect it when the blade was brought around to his throat, but he was too far gone to care, only gasping Jin's name like a mantra with every thrust; he didn't expect it to slide into his flesh quite so easily either, but found himself unable to stop it, the rush of blood to the wound pushing him over the edge as he cried out voicelessly, the blade moving deeper and deeper as Jin continued to pound into him, and the only thing Junno found himself able to think before the blackness engulfed him for good was that he hoped it didn't scar.
Jin/Junno, "What they don't know can't hurt them." : Soft R, 223 words for Saru
"Are you sure-"
"Yes."
"But-"
"Shh."
"But what if-"
"I said, shh, don't worry about it." Jin smoothes a hand down Junno's back, pressing their mouths back together while Junno's hands dance around in midair for a moment longer before settling on Jin's shoulders.
"It feels good, right?"
"Mhmm," Junno mumbles against Jin's lips, and Jin smirks, flicking his tongue between the crease before he speaks again, this time moving to kiss his way down Junno's neck.
"It feels good, that's all that matters."
"But what if they-"
Junno's persistant, so Jin pulls on the flesh beneath his lips, suckling on it carefully enough that Junno really feels it, but doesn't leave a mark.
"They'll never find out, not unless you tell them." Jin lifts his head, speaking against Junno's lips, "Are you going to tell them?"
Junno shakes his head no, and Jin smiles.
"Well, then. What they don't know can't hurt them." He catches Junno's mouth again, done with talking, and is rewarded for his coaxing when Junno wraps long arms around him and moans around his tongue.
No, the girls don't need to know about this. It would only complicate things, and, Jin tells himself as Junno arches beneath him, they've both got images to keep, after all.
Koki/Jinnifer, Golddigger, NC17, 254 words for Crys
"So," Koki's voice is a little slurred as he gestures with his glass, "I told her I don't have nearly as much money as everyone seems to think, and she left! Just like that!" He takes a long swig of beer before smacking his lips together, "Fucking bitch."
The woman before him raises an eyebrow delicately and leans forwards on the table, chin resting on one manicured hand.
"Oh, I'm not after your money, Koki-kun," she mutters with a smirk that seems oddly familiar, but for the life of him Koki can't place it.
Her voice is low and breathy, eyes shining as Koki regards her as best he can from his seat. She's tall, fuller than most women, but he likes a little meat on his girls - it gives him something to hang onto, and if he gets a little rough, they don't bruise nearly as easily. Luscious brown hair makes her slightly rounded face appear much more slender, plump lips shining with lip gloss and saliva as she runs her tongue across them. She's not like most women, but Koki supposes that's what attracted him to her so much in the first place.
It's not until they're outside, his face in her neck and her skirt around her waist that he realises just how different from most women she really is. But when she - he - sinks down onto his cock, head thrown back in a wanton picture of desire and lust, Koki can't find it in himself to care.
Koki/Kame, this picture : Hard R, 372 words for Amy
They're driving him mad.
Ueda might be known for being easily irritated and frustrated, for getting worked up and angry over things most other people would brush off without a thought, but this was different. They were different.
They were so painfully open in their affections, not even trying to hide it, and it makes him seethe. Every time he seems them together, catches their shared glances, the little touches that seem to be given in abundance, the little hitch of breath when they're stood too close, all of it makes his blood boil.
Ueda wishes with all his might that it was anger he's feeling, but he can't even fool himself.
The last straw comes when they're all onstage together. It seems to be up on the stage where the pair are in their element, they can get as close as they want, touch wherever they want - within reason - and all it does is make the fans scream louder. Thankfully, Ueda's not supposed to be singing when he sees them; Kame waltzing across the stage to Koki, pressing up against him briefly before turning to walk away. Koki's hand on his shoulder makes Kame pause, looking back at him over his shoulder as he brushes his hair from his face, and Koki steps up close with a secretive smile, rolling his hips minutely before Kame continues on, never missing a beat.
Ueda, on the other hand, misses his cue, something they all think it's funny to mock him for - they make the most of being able to tease him onstage, when he can't throw a punch - and that infuriates him, too.
It's not fair, he thinks, as he follows them stealthily into the showers and watches Koki press Kame up against the wall, kissing and licking and biting at whatever bare skin he can reach while Kame tosses his head back and grabs fistfuls of Koki's hair. It's not fair that they have what he wants, what he dreams about every night, and as he fists himself to completion, muffling his cry with his fingers as Koki quiets Kame with his own, he thinks that next time, he might just have to liven things up a little.
Koki/Nakamaru, drums : R, 66 words for Pippa
The drum'n'bass beat made his veins thrum, every thud of his pulse matched by a crash of cymbals or thump of a bass. But none of that accounted for the way his blood rushed in his ears, skin flushed as he panted for breath, and Nakamaru only swallowed around the flesh in his mouth when Koki dug his fingers into his shoulders with a soft, "iku-"
Koki/Ueda, scarves : R, 205 words for Pippa
Ueda loved scarves. He had more scarves than any other item of clothing in his closet, from thick, woolen things that he could snuggle up in in the cold to delicate, patterned pieces of fabric that he could knot off to one side and watch as it floated around in the breeze.
Every year, Koki bought him a new scarf, and every year, it was totally different to the year before. The first year, it had been something he said, with a blush, that his mother had knitted, using Ueda's favourite colours for inspiration.
This year, Ueda had unwrapped the soft package with careful fingers, eager to see what Koki had picked out for him this time.
Peeling the paper back, the scarf spills out over his hands, black silk that seems to go on forever with a pattern of white spots and stripes that would go perfectly with that shirt Ueda had seen the other day.
But later, much later when his family and friends have gone home, Koki takes him to the bedroom. With his hands tied above his head, the smooth, cool silk sliding against his wrists and Koki doing spectacular things with his tongue between his legs, Ueda decides that this scarf is his favourite.

By LittleKuriboh
The tour bus pulled into the parking lot and gave birth to at least a dozen foreign families. They moved together in a crowd, cautiously captivated by the marvel that greeted them, treading their ignorant, photo-snapping feet into the heart of the Valley of the Kings. What had once been hallowed ground was now a tourist trap, billboards identifying the locations of hidden tombs, and repulsive mascot characters dotting the ancient landscape complete with informative Pharaoh Phacts for the kids.
At the head of the crowd, wearing a wide-rimmed hat and a smile that refused to die despite the heat, the guide with his thousand and one pieces of trivia garbled and gabbed about the way things used to be. About how explorers would find their way here with the help of some local villagers and brave the mortal dangers of each bottomless pit and labyrinthine cavern, seeking answers and fortune. Mostly the fortune. Graves turned upside-down and inside-out, all in the name of greed disguised as historical research. The noble legacy of the Egyptian kings.
"And now," he recited," we too tread in their footsteps."
But it was much safer these days, of course. The tombs were emptied of anything remotely valuable, and the traps had all been disarmed and replaced with haunted house style theatrics. The restless sounds of scurrying scarabs and the distant, ominous beating of drums pumped through speaker systems placed strategically within and around every attraction. For they were no longer burial grounds. The bodies they once contained had long since been moved to a more secure, populated area, replaced by state of the art animatronic interpretations of the deceased, dispensing abridged versions of their autobiographies in zany, offensive accents.
The group stopped beneath a billboard advertising the various themed lodges a visitor could reside in during their stay. Each pharaoh was represented by a different hotel, the richer the king the higher the standards you could expect. At the bottom right corner of the faded poster, beneath the King Aknamkanon Cabin section, was a ludicrous cartoon caricature of the once nameless pharaoh with a garish speech buddle protruding from his mouth, inviting people to also check out the newly constructed Atem Picnic Area, complete with family camping grounds.
The red-haired stranger standing on his own at the back of the tour group smiled up at the picture, as if recognising an old friend. While the rest of them were busying themselves with photographs or videos, he merely stood and took in the sight with his own two eyes.
It was so very hard for him not to laugh.
# # #
Marik straddled Bakura's bare lap, wrist twisting back and forth in urgent arcs as he allowed the other to finger the edges of his asshole. He had been jerking the dark spirit off for the last ten minutes, and every time he came close to climaxing, Marik would slow it all down and draw from him the most vicious growls. Bakura's cock was a furious exclamation mark, stabbing at the air and flexing harder with every eager stroke, veins flaring around the tip as excitement turned to frustration.
Their naked bodies clung together, Marik's beautiful bronze skin sweating bullets as Bakura's pallid complexion turned a light pink across his face. They wrestled against each other's desire, both wanting to please the other more, both wanting to be pleased. Marik's thick cock brushed enticingly between Bakura's thighs as he bounced upon his lap, ass slapping against his knees as he pumped his slender fingers up and down the length of Bakura's own modest member.
"Do you love me?" Marik asked, his voice strong amidst the breathless wheezing and wordless whispers Bakura had been mouthing.
"No," Bakura replied immediately, the muscles in his arms growing tired as he played around with Marik's ass, the imminence of his orgasm constantly in the back of his hot, clouded mind.
Marik seemed content with the answer, and his jerking grew more hurried and insistent, fingernails brushing the underside of Bakura's cock as he slapped and grabbed and pulled and kissed and moved his ass in circles to meet Bakura's dwindling grasp. His thighs slid up Bakura's lap, their erections touching in a moment of embarrassing closeness, and Bakura felt himself explode all over Marik's hand and cock as their lips met.
Bakura fell asleep five minutes later, while Marik watched and waited for him to begin snoring.
# # #
The tour guide led them past many of the amusing facades that had been erected to give the impression that the Valley of the Kings had once been a glamorous, extravagant place. As though the pharaohs' graveyard had been designed so that they would be forever rested in the lap of luxury. Pillars and flaming torches and monumental statues were scattered across the once hollow plain, all of them artificial, constructed from fibreglass or other material typically saved for a Hollywood movie set. Before these existed, there had literally been nothing beyond rumour to identify the place as anything sacred or holy. The whole point was that it had been out of the way, unnoticed. Invisible.
Now it was an eyesore.
"And on your right," the guide bleated, "you'll notice the statue of the pharaoh Atemu, once a nameless king, now believed to be one of the most noble and courageous…"
"Atem," the red-haired stranger interrupted.
"Please save all questions for the end," the guide continued. "… most noble and courageous of his kind. Any questions?"
"When was it built?"
"I'm sorry?" the guide lifted his hat up and squinted at the man in back, as though trying to remember if he had even been with them at the start of the Unseen Egyptian Mysteries Tour.
"The statue," the stranger said, indicating the wildly inaccurate depiction of Pharaoh Atem sitting on an equally inaccurate throne. "Surely you know when it was built."
The guide whipped a palm-sized data pad out of his chest pocket and thumbed at it with a stylus. After about ten seconds he shrugged and tucked it back in his shirt. "Thousands of years ago."
"Looks brand new," the stranger commented.
"That's the Egyptians for you! They were really good at this sort of thing!" The guide threw his hands in the air as if to say 'What are ya gonna do?'
The group continued to move, the stranger holding back for a minute and staring up at the enormous faux-memorial to the once proud King of Games. The hair was all wrong - a few too many bangs, and it didn't stick up unnaturally the way it once had. The only thing the artists got right was the powerful, blank stare. Unsettling, even in fibreglass form.
The stranger bowed his head, and then continued to follow the group.
# # #
Bakura was up against the wall, his brow driven hard against the concrete and his arms folded at awkward angles as he allowed Marik to penetrate him from behind, head tucked down as he grunted and groaned in acknowledgement of Marik's efforts. He had eventually gotten used to Marik's size over the last few months; when they first started fucking, it had been almost unbearable, taking in something so overwhelmingly large. Even fisting didn't feel quite so difficult - Marik was less sure of himself in that area, whereas when he was using his dick, he would put all his efforts into thrusting and stabbing with it, and Bakura would just lay back and take it.
This time, Marik was particularly hard, and it felt like they hadn't screwed in a long time. As a result, Bakura could feel his asshole squeezing ever so tightly about the girth of his cock, every brand new thrust would force his legs to shake and his teeth to clench and his stomach to hitch and his ass to grind backwards into Marik's hips. There was pain, of course, but it was nothing next to the pleasure he derived from knowing it was Marik back there, from knowing exactly what Marik's cock felt like inside him, and from feeling his hot breath on the back of his neck and knowing it was his, his breath, his lungs, his heart.
Another thrust, and he cried out, head snapping back as he felt Marik's arms reaching around his waist. Bolts of invisible lightning shot up his chest as Marik touched him there, stealing all self control from his body as he was driven into deeper. He could picture the boy's tanned, muscular thighs pounding away at him from behind, tattoo drenched in sweat and his ass cheeks pinched together as he rammed it all the way in. It was always so intense with him. Always. Marik didn't have any other setting. If he did, Bakura wouldn't have wanted to use a lower one.
"Bakura," Marik muttered into his ear, "do you love me?"
"Of course not," Bakura replied instantly, eyes locked tightly shut as he fixed his mind on the feeling of being drilled into, and none of the extraneous bollocks Marik was currently jabbering about. He spread his arms and legs wide and felt Marik pick up the pace, his own body rigid and locked in position as Marik's became a wild, spasmodic frenzy. Marik pumped away at his ass for a good minute before he finished, climaxing inside Bakura's asshole and falling forward against his back, their thighs still wrapped loosely together as he mumbled idiotically.
Bakura turned and guided their bodies to the floor, where they held onto one another until morning.
# # #
It was a gift shop now.
Where there had once been the final resting place of the supposedly 'nameless pharaoh', now stood a nondescript souvenir store, selling phoney baloney maps to the pharaoh's various treasures, and those cliché portable headsets that allowed you to take the tour whenever you pleased without the aid of a human being. There were even pricey virtual toys that, once strapped to your face, enabled to you take a digital quest through the deepest, darkest recesses of the most dangerous ancient tombs. According to the label, children under eight years were warned against operating the device as, in some rare cases, it had been known to cause myopia. If only the real tombs had been so threatening.
The guide was busying himself with the people's questions outside the store, while the stranger relaxed on a nearby bench and investigated his new purchase. A box claiming that its contents were 'perfect replicas' of the legendary Millennium Items. They had been hidden atop one of the racks, just above the various pharaoh action figures in the kids' section. Upon paying for the Item set, the shop assistant had informed him that his son might be very happy to know that he was receiving a collector's item, as the set had been discontinued due to lack of interest.
"I don't have a son," the stranger had replied.
"Oh," the assistant smiled sheepishly, "for you then?"
"For me."
He opened the box forcefully, not caring about any perceived collector's value. He didn't intend to keep the set, or even to sell it on. The box, much like the tour itself, was like the final punch-line to a joke he'd been hearing his whole life. He reached inside and pulled out not seven, not eight, but nine individual 'Millennium Items', all of which had been misrepresented. The only ones that came close to their real life counterparts were the Eye and the Puzzle, due to their prolific presence in mainstream media. Yugi and Pegasus had, after all, worn them in plain sight for the world to see in their many tournaments back in the day. Still, after such a long time, it was a wonder they had even gotten as close as they did to the real thing.
"History makes fools of us all," the stranger mused, holding up the tiny plastic Millennium Shield, one of the additions they'd made to the collection, presumably so that it might work as an action figure accessory.
The tourists had all gathered together again, downing their bottles of soda or chattering about their exciting expedition. A few more interested individuals were talking to the guide, who was clearly in over his head. Perhaps he was new to the job, or perhaps he only knew the more 'exciting' aspects of the area's history. Either way, he was managing to tread water in the middle of the desert - an impressive feat, to say the least.
"So the Egyptians just left these tombs completely unguarded?"
"Not quite!" The guide began. "For it is said that if the traps could not dispose of any intruders, the pharaohs themselves would rise from the dead to ward off any unwanted guests."
The stranger cocked his head. Not too far from the truth after all.
"But surely that's just folklore," a lady pointed out, fanning herself. "Didn't they have anybody out here to protect things from falling into the wrong hands?"
Setting the box of plastic trinkets aside, the stranger got to his feet and walked around to the side of the store, leaning against the wall and listening half-heartedly to the dim-witted back and forth. He brushed a hand through his short, strawberry hair and clicked his tongue at the sky as if disapproving of the cloudless expanse.
"No, no," the guide responded, "although there are some historians who argue otherwise, there is no conclusive evidence to suggest that anyone lived all the way out here in the middle of nowhere."
"What about that?" the stranger said, loud enough for all to hear his voice and react.
"What about what?" the guide asked, following the path the stranger's finger had cast. There, amidst the sand, was a windswept stone about the size of a coffin. It was buried in the ground like a solitary tooth jutting from a giant's maw. If you hadn't been looking for it, you might have completely missed it amongst the revelry of the amusement park parading itself as a burial ground. "What is it?"
The stranger turned, and the look in his cold eyes turned the guide's expression from confusion to concern.
"A grave."
# # #
They had fucked so often that Bakura had started to know what to expect. Not that this was a bad thing. What some may have found to be a ritual rigmarole was instead intimate and familiar. He knew it the way he knew what it felt like to move, or to hear, or to laugh. It was old, but only because it had been with him for so long, because he wanted it so bad. It was part of him, part of his life, of his soul. It was important to be fucked every day, every morning, noon, and night. And it was most important that it was Marik he was fucking.
Currently, he was laying flat on the bed in Marik's chamber, naked with a sizeable boner, suitable for riding. Marik was atop his body, knees spread outward as he lowered himself ass-first onto his cock, letting it slip easily inside, and then pulling up, teasing the erection into a firmer, angrier shape. Bakura watched Marik's chest rise and fall almost in time with his body, clutching at the sheets with his hands as he enjoyed the way his partner treated him like a plaything. That dark, sexy body of his grinding up on him as his cock flexed up into Marik's ass. It was his favourite position - maximum pleasure, minimal effort.
He wanted to tell Marik he was beautiful, but stopped himself. He always stopped himself when he wanted to compliment the boy. He used to think it was because he didn't want to inflate his ego, or because he knew that he'd only be teased about it later. But now he knew better. It was because if he said all those things, he'd never be able to say them again. It wouldn't be like the sex. Once you fuck someone, it can - and in Marik's case, did - get better. You don't look back at your first time and think 'Remember when it was that good?' You were always finding new things to do with your cock, new places to put it, new ways to get it to shoot its load.
Words were different. You tell someone they're pretty, and the next time you have to tell them they're beautiful, and then the words just run out. There's nowhere to go from there, and you're backed into a vocabulary corner. You tell someone anything, compliment them, and they're always waiting for the next iteration, the next stage of flattery. If you keep on repeating yourself, no matter how true it is, no matter how much you mean it, it starts to ring hollow. Tell someone you love them, and it means less and less each time.
"Tell me you love me!" Marik begged, his asshole buffeting against Bakura's cock as he bounced vigorously.
"Never."
Marik's butt moved with even greater force, and Bakura felt a coil of hot energy rushing to the tip of his member, tightening and then releasing with sudden and unexpected immediacy. He came inside Marik and moaned louder than he had in weeks, the sheer surprise of it all knocking him for a loop. Wiping the sweat from his eyes, he flushed and pulled Marik down, wrapping his legs around the boy and pumping more and more of his hot fluid inside him.
"I'll get you to say it one day," Marik declared, biting Bakura's neck as punctuation.
"Not in a million years."
# # #
The stranger sat cross-legged in front of the gravestone, his face shadowed and still. Some of the onlookers thought they saw pain in his eyes, and they wouldn't have been far off the mark. The guide walked up to him, anxious to continue the tour but not wanting to look insensitive.
"How'd you know this was here?" the guide asked, gesturing to the stone. "I mean, most people they come here to look at the tombs. You seem to be more interested in this rock."
"It's not a rock," the stranger said bluntly. "It's a grave. And if you knew anything worth knowing about this place, you would know who it belonged to."
"All right," the guide sighed, "who does it belong to then?"
The crowd of foreigners were becoming visibly distressed by this odd turn of events. Some of them were less concerned than others, but for the most part he could see them watching him like he was some kind of misfit, as if he had any less right to be here than they. He stood up at once, silencing what little conversation existed, and turned to address them all.
"Despite what this guide believes," he began. "Despite what any of you may believe. This valley, in fact this spot in particular, was home to a long line of tomb keepers. Descendants of the ones that the nameless pharaoh decreed would protect his secrets with their lives."
He stepped through the crowd of tourists, all of them looking at him, some with bemused disbelief, and others like he was their messiah preaching the holy word of God. The guide watched cautiously, ready to shut him up should he begin to question the strength of his acumen. But the stranger wasn't interested in calling attention to the wild inaccuracies he'd been spouting. All he really wanted was the chance to tell this story.
"They lived here for thousands of years," he continued unabated, "within the confines of the underground tomb. Never going outside. Never allowing themselves the chance at a real life. It was torture. It was days of endless darkness followed by nights of much the same. Until one boy, one single child, chose to leave - completely against his family's will."
He stopped himself. He had walked in a semi-circular pattern, passing by each of them, and now he was back at the graveside. Stooping down, he brushed the sand away from the stone's surface, seeing the faded lettering and wondering how long it had been since they'd marked it so. He placed his hand to his lips and tasted the dryness of it. The ancient stillness, the erosion of time. He'd been telling the story like it was some old fable, some TV special you'd see about someone who lost their child or fought the system. Now it was time for the truth. The hideous, reprehensible truth.
"He murdered his father," he continued. There were a few exaggerated gasps from the women listening, though their children's eyes merely lit up with interest. "And spent a good portion of his life trying to destroy everything they'd sworn to protect. He was christened in blood and cast out into the world. Some feared him. Others loved him. Others…"
His voice wavered and he fell to his knees beside the grave. He reached down and touched the gravestone, his tears spoiling its arid face. He mouthed the words. Couldn't say them anymore. Couldn't feel them. They were gone.
The stranger shook his head and cleared his throat, and spoke aloud a question he hadn't asked in hundreds of years:
# # #
"Why do you need me to say it?" Bakura asked.
"Hmm?" Marik woke up suddenly, having been asleep for all of ten minutes before Bakura felt the nerve to speak. "Whaa? What happened?"
"Why do you need me to say it?" He repeated. "Why do I have to tell you I love you?"
They were in bed together, Bakura's leg draped around Marik's, following one of their late night sessions. This time, Marik hadn't asked him to say the words. But then, Marik didn't always ask - just on certain occasions, the question would come up. Even so, it always stuck in Bakura's ears, like every time they screwed he felt as though he were going to be tested. He had feigned for a long time that it didn't even register, that it wasn't something he even thought about. But he thought. He dreamed about it. Dreamed about being asked, and being able to say, shout, scream his affections.
Marik smiled at him, face half obscured by the mess of his hair and the pillow beneath. "You don't have to."
"So why even ask?" Bakura sat up, agitated. "Why make such a big deal out of something if I don't have to do it?"
Marik sat up to meet him, wrapping his arms lazily about his chest. His mouth made odd clucking noises, and Bakura merely snorted in response. He wasn't in the mood to be cutesy about this. This wasn't another of their games, this wasn't banter. This was something that mattered, if only because it shouldn't have mattered at all.
"Do you feel guilty that you can't say it?" Marik asked.
"I…" Bakura began. He gave the question some time to sink in. "Yes. I do. But even if I didn't, I should HAVE to say something if I don't want to."
"Of course not," Marik agreed. "Bakura, it's not about whether you say it or not."
"Eh?" came Bakura's response. Marik looked as though he were already falling back asleep on his shoulder, and Bakura gave him a sharp nudge with his elbow. "Keep talking."
"Cheesy as it might be," Marik explained. "As dorky as it might sound. I know you love me. I've always known. The way you talk, the way you act, the way you move. Everything about you tells me."
"Even when I tell you I don't?" Bakura blinked.
"Especially then," Marik smirked. "Bakura, if you ever actually came to me and told me you loved me, I'd think something was seriously wrong. Like I was dying or something."
"Right," Bakura nodded, a smile creeping back onto his face. "I guess it's more about what you don't need to hear, than what you do."
They kissed, Bakura moving to roll on top of Marik, and neither one said anything more for the rest of the one had to.
# # #
The tour bus pulled out of the parking lot, while the stranger sat alone at the back, watching the Valley of the Kings recede into a garish speck on the horizon. He felt nothing. Not sadness, not relief, not pain. Most feelings had long since abandoned him. Now all he was left with was memory.
A young boy with scrappy blonde hair and a shirt depicting a cartoon version of Atem saying 'Get your tomb on!' came over to him, holding a familiar looking dusty box.
"Mister, is this yours?" he asked, offering the box of faux Millennium Items to him. "You left it back at the gift shop. I was gonna keep it, but my mom said no."
"That's all right," the stranger replied. He reached into his shirt collar and pulled out an impressive golden necklace, and showed the boy the Millennium Ring - the one authentic piece of Egyptian mythology that still existed in this place. "I've got my own right here."
"Who was that person you were talking about?"
"An old friend," the spirit of the Ring replied.
"How'd he die?"
"I don't know," the spirit said, truthfully. "I lost touch with him a long time ago. Heard he was buried here. Came to find out. Turns out…"
The stranger covered his eyes. Not so much to hide the fact that he was crying, but that he wasn't.
"This is the first time I've been able to come here in five hundred years," he said. "And you know, for the life of me, I still couldn't say it to him."
"Well," the boy said, no hint of condescension in his voice, "maybe you don't have to. Maybe he already knows."
"Maybe," the stranger agreed wistfully, slipping the Ring back under his shirt. "Thank you. Please, keep the box."
The boy scurried off down the aisle of the bus, leaving the stranger to his thoughts.
"Not in a million years, I told him," he chuckled sardonically. "I suppose it's just a matter of time."
THE END

Mirror by Orangy
Ok, here is the thing.. No one has posted anything in like two days, or more.  Anyway, I wanted to get the ball rolling, so, Satina was Kind enough to fix a story that I had previously posted on the Ditb list, it was my first ever M/K.  If you have read it already, please read it again, it really is better now. Many Many thank yous to Satina for her wanting to take the time to make this story pretty enough for public viewing.
Title: Mirror
Author: Orangy
Feedback: 
Status: Complete, beta'd and edited by Satina for re-posting
Pairing: M/K
Rating: NC-17
Spoilers: very small one to Duane Barry
Summary: I had read of a little contest involving two very special agents and a confined space, and this is my submission.
Disclaimer: They are not mine, I think it is a conspiracy...C. Carter and 1013 are involved, I just know it. Damn!
Too small. The head and a good four inches of his cock was sticking out of the top of the Speedos. He tried to align his erection to the right, so it would lie along his inner thigh. He sighed.  No go.  It looked like he had put a salami in the damn thing.
Fuck, he really hated shopping for clothes. Ties, now that he could handle, but a fucking swim suit... Cancer Man was probably videotaping his apartment right now, but the FBI couldn't spring for a camera in the locker room by the pool to see who had stolen his fucking Speedos.
He briefly considered jacking himself off to get rid of the hard on he had been sporting since the cute little salesgirl had coyly told him he would look *sooo* hot in the leather pants she wanted to show him. He had given that lazy smile, that "oh if you only knew" smile and sauntered away, Speedos in hand to find a dressing room. He supposed that his anger was keeping him hard, just as much as the cute little sales girls' ass was, so he resigned himself to it.
It was pretty late in the day and he had had his pick of the rooms.  He chose a room with a chair and a three way mirror. Locking the door, he took off his shoes, socks and pants. He realized his shirt tails were in the way and rolling up his shirt was not an option, so he removed his tie and placed it on the metal hook above the chair.  He took his shirt off, laying it across the back of the chair.
While he was contemplating his dilemma, there was a knock at the door.  He immediately moved his hands to cover his cock, but realized with a blush that the door was locked, and it was a full length door, so no peeking was gonna happen here. It was the cute little salesgirl, asking, was he all right. He cleared his throat and said yes, but the suit was not the right size, would she mind getting him another, one size larger?
She giggled and said, " Sure, but you're going to have to open the door when I come back, so be decent, k?" Another fit of giggles, and she walked away.
Looking down, he saw that even with no boner this suit would not hold him, and with the boner it looked like he was using a small Speedos to cover the Washington monument.  That got a smile out of him, and he thought he would just let the cute little salesgirl see his dilemma and judge for herself...
There was a questioning knock on the door, and he smiled big, adjusting his cock to peek out the top of the skimpy suit, and unlocked the door.  He started to say, "What do you...." but the words died on his lips, and all he got out was, "Mother fucker!"
Alex Krycek walked into the room, gun drawn and pointing to the spot just above Mulder's right eye. Krycek put a finger to his lips and whispered, "Don't make me kill you." He shut the door without turning to look at it, and fumbled the lock into place. Glancing around the small room, his eyes lit on the chair, and taking his thoughts off Mulder for a minute, he started to move the chair over to prop it under the door handle.
Mulder took this chance, and rolling his head away and down, he swung a mighty uppercut that caught Krycek's jaw and part of his lip.  Just as fast, Krycek came back with a blow to the side of Mulder's head with his fist.  Mulder saw bright jumping lights for a second, and Krycek took this opportunity to slap cuffs onto Mulder's wrists and wrench his hands up over his head.
He looked around and slipped the chain of the cuffs over the metal hook that still held Mulder's tie. Krycek whipped the tie off the hook, and looking at the chair, he picked up Mulder's briefs and balled them up and stuffed them in Mulder's mouth. He used the tie to hold the gag in place, tying it tight around Mulder's head. Now the gun was pressed right into his right temple. Mulder stopped moving.  It would be hard to dodge that bullet.
Without the gun ever leaving his temple, and with his eyes on Mulder's the whole time, Krycek managed to move the chair over to the door knob and wedge it tightly under it.
The two men stood about 10 inches apart.  Krycek again put his fingers to his lips and made a shhh motion. He allowed the gun to drift down away from Mulder's face, and instead started pushing it into Mulder's chest, right over his heart.
Krycek used his other hand to wipe the blood away from his lip, and shot an evil grin at Mulder. "What would Freud say about beating up a guy and getting a hard on from it?"
Red dots appeared on Mulder's cheeks.  Oh god, he still had the boner!  Mulder's eyes went from rage to horror, and back to rage.  He was acutely aware of his erection, as was Krycek, who, pressing his gun even harder into Mulder's chest , allowed his eyes to glide down Mulder's frame.
He admired the graceful bow of Mulder's elbows as his arms dangled from the hook he was handcuffed to. His gaze slide down to Mulder's shoulders and the muscles that made up the back of Mulder's arms, and how they tensed and jumped under his gaze. He followed the curve of Mulder's armpit to his pecs, dusted with small golden brown hairs and graced with two perfectly round brown nipples.
Mulder seethed under this close scrutiny. Krycek let his gaze slide down to Mulder's flat stomach and let out a low whistle. "You register that weapon, Mulder?"
Heat bloomed into Mulder's face as he desperately tried to will himself into some kind of erectile dysfunction, but he could tell it was not working. Mulder again tried pulling at the cuffs. Krycek's one word, menacing and low, "Don't." stopped Mulder, as the gun pressed harder into his chest. Mulder stopped and began shooting daggers into Krycek's eyes.
"Don't worry about the blonde.  I told her I was your boyfriend.  She looked a little disappointed.  Is this..." He ran his thumb up Mulder's cock, swirling around the crown once before moving his hand away. "...for her?"
Mulder's body convulsed, half way between retching and moaning. Oh those daggers were now poisoned tipped, and they were aimed directly at Krycek's shrunken little heart.
"She seems to think you would look good in leather, but I have always preferred you in Speedos." Again, that smile, somewhere between Angel of darkness and sex kitten. It only fueled Mulder's rage, in turn fueling his erection.  It was getting to the point of being painful, especially halfway hanging out of the cursed swim suit. Oh, whoever stole his speedos would pay!
Krycek leaned in and whispered, "Bet you're wondering why I'm here..."
With Mulder's slow measured nod, Krycek's hand went into his leather coat and pulled out a crumpled pair of red Speedos. Mulder's rage, unabated so far, tripled.  All kinds of muffled oaths fell out of Mulder's gag.  Right in his ear, Krycek whispered, "Mulder...BE QUIET...Don't make me knock you out for this!" Mulder stopped instantly, horror back in his eyes, only to meet Krycek's dark angel/sex kitten routine. Mulder gulped back a heart attack and waited.
"Play nice and you can leave soon.  Play bad and you and the blonde head for that big conspiracy theory in the sky, got it?"
Again, the slow measured nod.
"Good." Again whispered directly in to his ear.  "OK, I'm gonna put the gun away, but believe me Mulder, I can reach it faster than you, so be a good little Fox and behave."
Nod...
"Good boy."
Very slowly Krycek lowered the gun from Mulder's chest. There was a deep angry red mark, a circle where the barrel of the Sig had been tattooed into his chest.  Casually, as the gun was going down, Krycek dropped his other arm and allowed the heavy leather coat to fall from one shoulder, then taking the gun into his opposite hand, he allowed the coat to fall to the floor.  Just as slowly, he tucked the gun into the waistband at the back of his pants.
One hand slid up Mulder's ribcage, over his chest, and trailed along his cheek, then continued up between Mulder's arms and held his hands to the wall. The other had moved to the front of Krycek's pants.
Fresh terror startled into Mulder's eyes as he imagined every rape nightmare possible.  But aside from the hand holding his hands, Krycek did not touch him.
They stood a scant inch from each other, and Mulder could feel Krycek's breath on him, on his neck, in his ear. He heard a soft sigh and realized what was happening.
Krycek was jacking off.
Mulder's own erection, momentarily forgotten, came back into his awareness in full Technicolor, throbbing and pulsing and turning as hard as steel. He felt lips on his neck, and he recoiled as if burned.  He bounced off the wall behind him and bounced forward, making contact between his cock and Krycek's.
Agony...so sweet he wanted it to last forever, but he felt warm, sticky fingers on his thigh pushing him back against the wall.
Once again he felt Krycek pushing closer to his neck, and then he caught a glimpse of movement out of the corner of his eye...the mirror! He could see Krycek slowly hunching into his palm. So close to him...their cocks were a fraction of an inch apart.  He could shift his hips and be brushed up against him again, if he wanted to.
Did he?
He tried moving his hands off the hook, but Krycek's hand kept his there. He turned again to watch the mirror and Krycek moved his lips to Mulder's ear and sighed softly again. Mulder began to make noises, soft low noises.  He wanted the gag out of his mouth.  He moved his head to lean his cheek against Krycek's and slowly rubbed his cheek up and down Krycek's face, all the while making those soft pleading sounds.
"If I take the gag out, will you behave?"
Nod....
Krycek looked into his eyes again and found not terror, not hate, but something bright and willing. That moist sticky hand came up to his mouth and tugged on the tie, loosening it. Krycek pulled it down, but not off. Mulder worked his jaw to spit out the cotton boxer briefs.  He sighed and turned his head to watch the reflection, pretending he was watching someone else give in to lust.
Krycek settled back into Mulder's body, not touching it, but a breath away. A sigh and a moan directly into his ear sent shivers down Mulder's spine.  He whispered, "Please, pull down the front of the suit...please..."
Another moan and Krycek seemed to melt into him.  Again that agonizing, searing contact of cocks and the pain/pleasure that came with it.
Mulder felt that sticky, warm hand on his cock, pulling it away from his belly and towards Krycek's own cock, and suddenly Krycek was slowly fisting him, and his own cock as well.
With a squeeze of his hand, Krycek's other hand descended down one of Mulder's arms and made its way down his back. Krycek pulled and tugged at the Speedos to get them over Mulder's hips and sent them floating down Mulder's legs. A long and shuddering sigh escaped Mulder and a low chuckle came from Krycek.
Krycek now had his head on Mulder's shoulder, kissing and licking at Mulder's neck and sending soft moans and sighs directly to his ear. Krycek's hand moved back up Mulder's body to grasp his hands,  and Mulder's grasped back. Mulder started rocking his hips forward to pump into Krycek's fist.
Watching from the mirrors' point of view, Mulder could see Krycek fisting first his own cock and then Mulder's, sliding up one then down the other, like some two foot monster cock connected them. More moans and higher sounding sighs started to issue from both mouths.
Krycek kicked Mulder's legs slightly apart and started to hump his cock against Mulder's, wrapping his free hand around Mulder's ass. Belly to belly, their cocks slid together, and the delicious friction started a tingle deep in Mulder's balls. Krycek started a low, breathy chant in Mulder's ear, more breath than word, saying over and over, "Fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck..." in time with his thrusts into Mulder's abdomen.
Mulder couldn't hold out any longer, and with an agonized moan he starts to implode.
Everything in the universe centered to a pinpoint of existence somewhere inside Mulder's stomach.  He felt everything suck into this tiny point until nothing else mattered, nothing else even existed.  It held for a tortured second and then exploded outward, feeling like every particle of raw matter in the world was shooting out of his cock.
Krycek felt this and clamped his mouth down onto Mulder's and fucked his tongue in and out of Mulder's tight, wet mouth. Mulder didn't even know he was screaming into Krycek's mouth until he stopped.
Krycek came, too, feeling Mulder's flesh, hot and insistent against his own.  This alone pushed him over the edge, and he was in free fall, the only thing holding him to this world, Mulder's mouth. Their sticky thick cum juices mingled and seemed to form a third entity that they couldn't help pushing and rubbing against.
Krycek sagged against Mulder, only the handcuffs keeping the two standing.
Eventually, Krycek gathered his energy and stood up straight and pulled his wet, sticky cock from Mulder's body. Krycek was already tucking his cock back into his jeans and reaching for his leather coat. Mulder tried to lower his arms again and suddenly the gun was in his ribs.
"Hey, damn it, what?" sputtered Mulder.
"Keep your hands up till I'm gone," drawled Krycek in a sleepy, sexy voice. He leaned down and with one hand, grabbed the too-small, forgotten Speedos on the floor and tucked them into a pocket of his coat, and with a broad swipe of his tongue, licked mixed cum from Mulder's belly.
Mulder shuddered uncontrollably. One last lick at Mulder's lips and Krycek crammed Mulder's old Speedos into his mouth and moved the chair from the door and was gone.
Spitting out the red speedos from his mouth, Mulder lowered his screaming arms from the hook, and fished in his pants pocket for the key. After getting the cuffs off, he took his mostly wet briefs and tried to clean his belly off. He put the old, familiar Speedos on and pulled on the rest of his clothes, stuffing the briefs into his front pants pocket. His tie was ruined, stretched and used in a way silk ties were not meant for. He took one last look in the mirror and saw images flash in his brain, seared there forever.
He opened the door and looked around shyly and exited the room. Cute little salesgirl was at the counter with an unreadable expression on her face.
"Your *friend* already paid for you."
Mulder blushed brightly and left.
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
"There is no chicken"  CGB Spender
Updated: March 16, 2002

Teach Me To Sleepwalk By Beth
Disclaimer: Any characters you recognise belong to CC, 1013, whatever. Any you don't recognise are mine, but Chris, I'm always willing to swap. I know nothing about the place/time I'm writing about. Everything is from my head, and I apologise for any blatant errors.
Rating: I don't know yet, so I'll say NC-17 just in case. With any luck... :)
Pairing: M/K
Archive: Whoever wants it. Tell me, though. :)
Summary: Okay, here's where it gets complicated... :) This is *way* AU. A long time ago, in a galaxy far, far away, a challenge was set on TER/MA. To put the boys in an Arabian Nights style situation. Believe it or not, this was originally intended to be a little PWP, but then it grew a plot. It's currently at part six, and still growing. It should explain itself, as the story develops, okay? The title of the story means nothing but sounded great, and was taken from "Sleepwalking" by Ben Lee. "You're broken and I want it... Teach me to sleepwalk/ There's nothing I want more."
Feedback: Please? My first AU, tell me if I'm doing it right. , thanks.
Thanks as ever to the wonderful Ursula, for sterling beta. Also thanks to RavenD and Smitty, for attempting to come up with a title. :)
Teach Me To Sleepwalk
By Beth
Part I
~~~~~~
The king was dead.
And a veil was drawn over the kingdom. There was no entertainment, no music, and the citizens wore black clothing as befits the passing of a great leader. But though the face of the kingdom showed great sorrow and mourning there was no real pain felt by the people... except one.
The day that the prince had been born, his beautiful mother had started to fade. Although his father sent for the most respected physicians in the land, no cure could be found. From the day she died, the king refused to even look upon the face of his son- as it caused him too much pain. The boy was beautiful, looking so much like his mother that not a trace of his father's features could be found in his countenance.
Before long, the king forgot that it was sorrow that caused him not to see the boy. As his loneliness grew, so did his bitterness; and although his birth had played little part in the queen's illness the prince was blamed by his father.
As more time passed, the king spent more and more of his time drinking the fine wines that were brought to him by rich merchants wishing him to find a new bride in their daughters. The king, who had grown by now to hate his son, would send for the boy in his drunken state, and would accuse him of killing his own mother.
The boy bore this, for he could not help but feel guilty when he saw the state of his father. Although he had been told by his nurse that he was not at fault, he assumed the blame as his own, took the weight of sorrow on his shoulders; for that was where his father said it belonged. And he cried each night for the love of the good man his father had once been, the father he had never known.
Then one night, when the king had been drinking longer than usual, he called the boy before him. And he seized his chin in rough fingers and examined the prince's face with blurry eyes.
"Why is it you look so much like your mother, boy?"
The prince held his tongue.
"Answer me! Is it because you are not my son?" The king turned away and then spun back and slapped the boy across his face. "Your mother was a whore, boy. You have no royal blood- you are nothing!"
And though the prince had remained silent for so many years, had let his father call him all the names under the sun, he would not allow the man to dishonour his mother. He sprang to his feet and ran toward his father, pain in his heart, wishing only to stop the foul names that were pouring from his father's lips.
But as fast as he was, his father's bodyguard was faster. The large man stopped him before he reached the king, and held him still as his father kicked him and punched him and screamed abuse... until the pain was too much and he fell into darkness.
When he woke in the morning, hurting so much that even to breathe was a painful effort, he blamed himself for being a bad son.
* * *
That was the last time that he spoke with his father.
His father never requested his presence more often than twice in one week, and sometimes not for more than six months together. But it was only after six days, when the bruises had mostly faded, that the king's bodyguard brought a man in black before the prince and named him as his father's murderer.
The prince was unable to feel anything. And this was the ultimate proof that he had been a bad son, if he was unable even to grieve that his father was dead. He felt hatred for the man that had taken his father's life, because he had always held onto the hope that someday his father would forgive him, would love him... and now that hope was irretrievably lost.
He stared with cold eyes at the man kneeling at the foot of his throne, chained and held between two guards, and indicated to Skinner, his father's bodyguard, that his hood should be removed.
As the black cloth was removed, the prince was unable to catch his breath. He had expected heavy, scarred features that his picture books bestowed on assassins and mercenaries. Instead, the face that was revealed was beautiful.
The man's skin was alabaster pale, and his hair as dark as the hood that had concealed him. But although his features were all equal and finely made, it was his eyes that held the young prince captivated. They spat emerald fire, the anger in them almost a physical presence that made the other man gasp. And the prince felt a bolt of pure lust, stronger than anything else that he had ever felt... and for that he hated the man even more.
"What would you have us do with him, my lord?"
The custom was to execute the man at dawn. He would be dressed in red, to symbolise the blood of the man he had slain- and because the victim was of royal blood the assassin's head would be displayed over the gate of the palace as a warning.
"I didn't kill your father!" The outburst startled the prince, and the man kneeling at his feet received a hard blow to his head for his impertinence. He reeled, and almost fell... but his balance was scarcely held and he spat at Skinner, the man that had hit him. As the bodyguard raised his arm for another blow, the prince held up his hand.
"Tomorrow is a Holy day, Skinner. It is a suitable time for a state funeral, one that all of our people will remember. It is not a day on which a criminal should be executed- would you have us greet such a day with another death?"
The bodyguard ground his teeth at the prince's measured words, eager to shed the blood of the criminal.
"He will be brought to my chambers tonight- I wish to speak with him."
The bodyguard spared a hate-filled glare for the man on the floor, then raised his eyes to meet his new master's once again.
"Yes, my lord."
The new king (how strange that sounded!) had never taken to leadership with the easy manner of his father. He hated the idea that some people were more important than others, that people could be owned. But something in the older man's face disturbed him greatly and he summoned all of his father's arrogance to him.
"You are not to touch him before then, Skinner. Do I make myself clear?"
The older man's face flushed darkly, and the look in his eyes showed his intense displeasure with the order, but he merely nodded and left, taking the prisoner with him.
* * *
The new king was distracted all day, startled whenever the servants genuflected to him, not raising their eyes until he had passed by. Before he had been largely ignored, and the life had suited him perfectly. He had been free to roam the palace and gardens as he chose, and had spent many hours undisturbed. Sometimes he had ventured into the kitchen, or the laundry, and had spoken with the servants.
Now that was impossible, as only the highest ranking were permitted even to lay eyes upon the king, let alone speak with him. When a young girl with a load of washing had struggled past him, almost dropping it, he had instantly gone to help. She had turned to thank him, but when she had seen his face she had fallen to the floor, begging his pardon for remaining standing in his presence. The poor child was terrified that he would have her executed.
So it was a long and lonely day. And his thoughts kept returning to stormy green eyes, and a man that was not frightened by his authority.
So when night came he returned to his chambers, telling himself that he was not eager to see the man that had killed his father, but knowing that he was lying.
He was brought in, chained and dressed as before, but with a new cut on his forehead. That was the only sign of mistreatment, however, and he chose to ignore it rather than take it up with Skinner who had shown remarkable restraint. The man was forced to his knees in front of the king, and the servants left him there.
"Remove the chains, Skinner." The bodyguard stared at him, but compliedAlthough he had considerably more privileges than most servants he still would not disobey a direct order. At the prince's next request, however, he balked.
"Leave you? With this... Majesty, are you sure this is wise?" The prince frowned at the patronising tone in the older man's voice.
"Wise or not, I am the king. Would you refuse my wishes?" He hated the cold voice he used, realising how much he sounded like his father at that moment-but it seemed to work. The other man left the chambers, closing the door behind him with more force than was necessary, and the prince was left in a room with a killer.
Part II
~~~~~~~
"Have you eaten?"
The young man raised startled eyes from the floor to meet his, and the king smiled slightly. He was pleased to have finally got a reaction from the silent man who had just sat on the chair he had been shown too, never raising his eyes from the floor. The hatred he had initially felt for the assassin had receded, and now he was confused as to what he felt.
He was intrigued, certainly. He watched as the man hungrily tore into the food that was placed before him, and wondered whether he had been fed at all today. The other man noticed him watching, and he looked away from curious green eyes.
When the other man had finished eating, he came and knelt once again before the king. He bent his head and swallowed thickly, before looking back up at the monarch.
"I am yours to command, lord." The low, husky voice was full of loathing, and the king wondered what it was that the assassin thought was required of him. And then he saw the other man's gaze flick to his crotch and away again, and he felt sickened.
He had heard of what his father would do... what he would force his prisoners to do, but he hadn't wanted to believe it. He'd spent so long carrying around an idealised picture of his father in his head, but as he had looked into his new responsibilities today, had removed his head from the clouds and started to pay attention to the state affairs, the picture had begun to disintegrate.
His father was irresponsible, selfish, had little time for the problems of his people, and would rather let his ministers take care of affairs as he spent his time with wine and women. The kingdom was in disarray. The people were poor, the army was ill-equipped, and the harvests had been bad for the past three years.
"Go back to your seat." His voice came out much colder than he had intended, and he inwardly winced as the other man flinched. He had been so tempted..."I require only your conversation. People fear execution if they speak impudently to their king, and that is one fear I think that you will not share. I want you to entertain me." The other man's eyes had widened, and he stared in astonishment at the king.
"What would you have me speak about?" He could have spoken about anything, and the king would have been enthralled, captivated by his every word. The man's voice was beautiful, and he wanted to listen to it all night. And a conversation would require thought...
"What is your name?"
"Alex."
"Alex... I would have you tell me a story. Perhaps if you amuse me I will let you live." It was an idle promise, one that he knew his ministers would not allow him to keep; and although it was against his nature to play with someone so, he wanted this story. He told himself that it was just to hurt his father's murderer more, torture him with false hope, but it wasn't revenge that was holding him so captivated.
"Very well, my lord."
* * *
There was once a man. He was a good man, wise and beautiful, but there was much sadness in his life.
Did he have a name?
Does he need a name? Then let us call him Fox. That was what his mother had chosen to be his name, but he did not let anyone call him that. He called himself Mulder, his father's second name.
What did he look like?
I will tell you, in time. I lose my story if I am interrupted. //Teasing in the husky voice, a glint in emerald eyes.//
He was beautiful, as I said. He had a strong face, determined. His nose was large, but it suited his face. His hair was golden and brown, soft to the touch, and his eyes changed with his mood. Many people appreciated his beauty, but he had never found anyone that could keep his attention. He was easily bored, and though there were many beautiful people around him he never found one that he could talk to as an equal.
He worked as a kind of guard. He was very clever at knowing what other people were thinking, by the crimes they had committed. He was so perceptive in this that many that had done wrong were rightfully punished. With those around him, however, he was not so attuned. He had few friends, and spent most of his time alone.
When Mulder was a child, his sister had been taken. For most of his life he could not remember what had happened, but when he went to- a...a kind of magician, I suppose, someone who could retrieve memories that were lost- he learned that his sister had been taken by...
There was a bright light, and he wasn't able to move. His sister was taken without hands carrying her. Mulder believed it was by men from the stars.
Then Mulder was crazy?
Perhaps.
Why have you stopped?
I'm sorry- I lost where I was.
You were telling of his sister.
Yes, of course. Samantha was her name. He teased her, as many brothers do, but they loved each other dearly. When he found out what had really happened, he chose to change the area in which he worked. Instead of looking at instances of murder and theft, he started looking into cases which involved mysterious disappearances, or strange lights, or faeries... anything that the minstrels sing of, or that a child might hear from a nurse.
Some of his work was making some powerful men nervous. Although he was now thought of as strange, perhaps a little crazy //a grin// they feared that people might start to listen to what he was saying and their secret works would be revealed.
Secret works?
You shall see.
They wanted to stop him, but they could not tell him to stop for he was stubborn and would become ever more determined. So they sent in a partner..."
He talked long into the night, telling of bright lights and mosquito bites, until the torches had been extinguished and the grey light of dawn was filtering through the windows. King Fox never once took his eyes from the animated face of the man who had killed his father.
... and the man took the small piece of metal and placed it in a large store with many other things of the same type, things that most people would never believe existed."
"Why was he hiding it?" There was a flash of interest within the prince that had been missing for a long time.
"That is for later in the story. You would not have me give away the ending now, would you?"
"Then tell me the rest!"
"It is late, majesty. Perhaps we should continue another night?"
"Very well." He rang the bell beside his bed, and told the servant to take Alex to quarters not far from his own. It would be a long day tomorrow; many important people would be arriving to pay their respects to his father. The rest of the story could wait for tomorrow night.
Part III
~~~~~~~~
The day dawned fine, and to the new king it seemed almost sacrilegious that the sun should shine on such a day. But what reason would the Gods have to mourn his father? He had ignored his sacred duties for so long that it was no wonder that a drought had stricken the land.
Many local dignitaries and noblemen had assembled to pay their allegiance to the new king, and he looked upon this duty as one of the least favourable he must perform. The old men had openly disagreed with his father, having little regard for his orders. Although they would bow to him and agree with him and pay him pretty compliments there was not one amongst them that he felt he could trust. Even among his father's advisors there were none he liked. His father, as he had let the kingdom slide, had allowed one man in particular more power than was wise.
Spender was old now, but he had control over affairs of state; and many of the servants showed more allegiance to him than to their new king. The previous day, as Fox had tried to learn more about the running of the kingdom, he had frequently been told that he needn't worry about it. It was under control. When he had asked a clerk to fetch him some documents, he had seen the clerk turn his eyes towards Spender and the barely noticeable nod the man had received in return. Spender was a problem that must be dealt with, but for the moment he was a familiar face that reassured the people. When he had been king for longer and the people were more used to his authority, *then* he could begin to make changes.
The old man was waiting for him outside his chambers. As they walked together to meet with the visitors, Spender informed the king of the order in which the noblemen would greet him, the gifts he would be given, and the appropriate response for each. And Fox carried out his instructions to the letter, not wanting to rock the boat... until the last man approached him.
Although he was relatively the least important of the men before him, Fox smiled genuinely at him. Akbar had been very close to his father, had taught him when he was a young man. He had taught Fox in his turn, and the young prince had always thought him the wisest man in the world. Akbar took an interest in everything, and encouraged the same in his pupils. Fox had often sneaked out of the palace to spend time with the old man, and his granddaughter Dana had been his closest friend.
As the old man moved to kneel down, Fox hurried forward, taking his arm.
"There is no need for that. You may stand before me." A terrified expression crossed his teacher's face, and he continued trying to sink to his knees. Spender leaned toward the king.
"The penalty for not genuflecting to the king is death, Lord. Although we may wish to make exceptions for the old or infirm, we are unable to do so." Fox stepped backward, and watched unhappily as the old man sank painfully to his knees and had to be helped back to his feet. He turned and whispered harshly into his advisor's ear.
"Now that I am king there will be some changes, starting with that ridiculous law." Spender didn't look away from the man in front of Fox, but his eyes flickered.
"Yes, Majesty." And Fox could tell from his tone that he would not allow these changes without a fight.
* * *
The day's activities passed without further incident. There were entertainments planned for the evening- singers and dancers and minstrels and poets, but Fox found himself wishing he could get away. He was tired of thinking everything through before he spoke, tired of having to be polite, and most especially tired of the obsequious way every single person spoke to him.
They weren't scared of him. In a way, fear would be better. It would be a real emotion, rather than the toadying that was inspired by his status. He could see that they hated paying homage to a king so much younger than themselves, and wished that they would show it... but they did know fear. He saw it in the flickering glances toward his advisor, in the way that they deferred to him. Although technically their positions far excelled Spender's, they were afraid. What was it that he held over them?
Finally the last poet (a long-winded man that had compared his love to as many precious stones as the king owned, at least) had finished. Then the king stood, watching as the whole room bowed before him, and stalked off to his chambers. He stopped briefly to speak to Skinner, then slammed the door behind him. He didn't see the bodyguard stop to talk to an old man in the shadows, nor did he see the considering look in Spender's eyes as the other man left.
* * *
The king looked up as the door to his chambers opened. Skinner stood there, frowning as ever. He nodded to the older man, and watched as Alex was led into his presence. He watched in silence as the prisoner's chains were removed, then nodded to Skinner who promptly left.
If possible, Alex was even more beautiful than he had been the night before. Where he had been groomed and guarded, now he looked as though he had been woken from a deep sleep. His hair was messy and fell in front of his face, and his green eyes looked open and defenceless. He rubbed the sleep out of them, and yawned, stretching sensuously in a way that sent a bolt of desire to Fox's groin and a flutter of something else entirely in his stomach.
The king lowered his eyes, frowning. What did it mean? He couldn't be feeling tender toward the assassin. It wasn't unreasonable that he would feel lustful; the other man was beautiful and was most likely desired by the majority of those he met. Besides, lusts did not have to be acted upon. Any other emotion he had felt must be the result of the sentimental poetry he had just heard, combined with too many sweetmeats.
This time it was Alex that sat among the cushions on the floor, with the king curled up on the bed, watching him. And the prisoner told a story of a military station, of a mysterious man that brought information, of lights in the sky... and of a memory stolen.
* * *
When he had finished, he stood quietly, meaning to leave. As he reached the door, the king's voice startled him.
"Did you kill him?"
There was no anger in the tone, and he turned to find hazel eyes focussed on him. And he silently cursed the beauty of the peaceful face, a beauty that had gotten him into this mess in the first place.
"Would you believe me if I told you no, Majesty?"
And he slipped silently from the room before the king could formulate a reply.
It was a long time before the king could fall asleep, the grey light of dawn shining on his troubled face.
Part IV
~~~~~~~
He was shaken awake barely half an hour later. Rough hands grasped his shoulders, and he shook his head and opened his eyes. The pressure instantly ceased, and he saw Skinner kneeling by the side of the bed, his head resting on the floor.
"Forgive me majesty!" Although his voice was under tight control, Fox could tell he was scared.
"What is it?" He tried to keep his voice as even as he could, but the little sleep he'd managed to have had been riddled with bad dreams. The other man cringed a little at the impatience in the king's voice, but he raised his head and stared at the king.
"Lord, I thought you should know that Spender has taken your prisoner to be executed. I thought perhaps you would wish to be there."
//So this is diplomacy.//
And then the full import of the man's words hit him. The panic he felt froze him in place for an instant, then he leapt out of his bed and sprinted from the room.
* * *
The rising sun echoed in hue the blood red of the prisoner's clothes. He was led to his place by two men dressed all in black, hoods protecting their anonymity. And even though he knew that in a few minutes he would be dead, his head was held high.
He was forced to kneel, and his head was laid upon the block. The man standing to his left tied his head in place, while the other unsheathed a sword that reflected the light so that it looked like it was already stained with blood. And the man in the shadows smiled thinly, enjoying the power he held.
The sword was raised.
The kneeling man closed his eyes.
"Stop!"
The king stalked toward his advisor, his intense anger forming an almost visible cloak around him as the other man watched his approach.
"You have taken too much upon yourself this time, Spender. I did not give the order for this man to be executed, nor did I wish it so. How dare you presume to make that decision on my behalf?"
The old man's tone was humble as he replied, almost cringing. "My most heartfelt apologies, Majesty. Your father never wished to be bothered with such..."
"My father is no longer ruling this kingdom, Spender." His eyes slid to Alex as he said this, but he was surprised that there was no accompanying flash of anger. "You would do well to remember that."
"Yes Majesty." The old man bowed deeply before him, and he turned away in contempt, ordering Spender's men to release the prisoner- so he didn't see the look of intense hatred that was focussed on his back before the advisor returned to the shadows he had emerged from.
* * *
Alex knelt before him, and he gestured to Spender's men that they were to leave him alone with the prisoner.
He felt weak with relief- he had barely been able to stop from shaking with reaction as he had confronted Spender. If he had been too slow... if Skinner hadn't woken him...
This was more than lust. He had felt lust before- he was the prince, and had frequently acted upon it, bedding those of either sex that caught his fancy. But never before had he felt so intensely about anyone- not even Dana, and for years he had been convinced that he had loved her. This was so much more than the brotherly warmth that he felt toward her, more than the heat in his stomach and groin that had been ignited by beautiful men and women that never refused him.
This felt like it would kill him, so intense was the feeling. Every time green eyes met his, his heart twisted in his chest and he couldn't catch his breath. And the thought that he had almost lost him...
"Thank you, my Lord."
The husky voice sent shivers down his spine. And he shook his head in denial of what he was feeling- this man was an assassin. A hired killer. The beauty in his face as he told stories was irrelevant. He had taken away the only family that the king had had.
"Make no mistake- I saved you only so you might finish the story. When it is done you will be executed." His voice was like ice. And he spun on his heel and walked quickly away, ignoring the pain in his heart, the stinging in his eyes.
* * *
He left the palace that morning, hiding his face beneath the hood of an old brown cloak that was too hot for the weather but would serve its purpose. He could have gone with a retinue, trumpets blaring, and spoken uneasily under the eye of his bodyguards, but he missed the way she spoke to him.
She always told him exactly what she thought of him. That was one of her most attractive features. And she laughed at his jokes, the genuine laugh of a friend; not a laugh that was forced, one eye on a man in the shadows, making sure it was appropriate. And if she didn't think it was funny she would say so.
He had missed her very much. It had only been a little more than a week since he had seen her, but with everything that had happened it felt like years. He needed to talk to someone he knew wouldn't report back to Spender. He needed someone else to tell him that what he was feeling wasn't love, that that was ridiculous. He needed to back up the voice inside that he was having more and more trouble believing.
There was genuine joy on Dana's face as she opened the door to him, and Fox almost wept. She beckoned him in and shut the door behind him, grabbing him into a huge embrace as soon as it had clicked closed.
"I'd bow, but it's my knees..."
"Don't even joke about it. I hate that everyone bows to me." Something must have been audible in his voice, because suddenly her face stilled, became serious.
"What was it you wanted to talk about, Fox?"
"Not here."
He led her up the stairs and out onto the flat roof, a place they had spent many happy hours in their childhood, the then teenaged Skinner often watching over them. Fox remembered that he had always seemed old before his time- he had been trained by his father from a very early age, and had had to grow up fast when the older man was killed protecting the king. He had usually been staid and solemn, watching them from a distance, but sometimes Dana had taken pity on him, encouraging him to join in their play. And when he loosened up he could be great fun.
They sat in the shade of the wall circling the roof, and for a while there was silence. That was another good thing about his friend- she knew when to give him space. But before he had even become to assemble his thoughts into some kind of order he was pouring out his heart to her, trying desperately to hold in the tears that were threatening to fall.
"Well there goes my chance of marrying royalty." Her mouth smiled, but her eyes reflected the pain he was feeling. "Oh Fox. You really know how to pick them." And the tears were running down his cheeks and she leaned over and held him, just like when they were five and he had scraped his knee. And she stroked his hair, loving the man who was still half the boy he had been, and wishing she could spare him from himself.
Part V
~~~~~~
He returned to the palace drained, and no easier in his mind than when he had left. But even though nothing had changed, even though there was no resolution to the war that raged inside him, he felt a little better. Dana's calming influence was like a draught from the court physicians- the pain had not entirely gone, but it had faded for a time.
Unwilling to enter the palace, to take up his duties once more, he found himself walking in the garden. Specifically, his feet led him to the beautiful flower gardens that had been his mother's pride and joy. They were tended now by the gardeners, and although the servants were hardworking and diligent, theirs was not a labour of love. It showed. The flowers were still beautiful, but lacked the radiance they had held when she had been alive. Even though the rest of the kingdom had almost forgotten, the flowers were still in mourning.
There was a low bench in this garden, almost hidden by the bushes surrounding it. Sometimes she had brought him here and told him stories, and as he sat there he remembered the light that had come into her face as she took him to a world inside her head, peopled with faeries and djinns and flying carpets.
After a time, without opening his eyes, he sensed a presence.
"Skinner."
A quick indrawn breath, and then silence.
"Come, Skinner."
He opened his eyes to see the man standing before him. Then the other man blinked, as if remembering, and started to kneel.
"Please don't. I've known you long enough that we needn't stand on ceremony. If Dana can stand before me, there is no reason you can't." The king watched with interest as his friend's name brought a slight flush to the older man's cheeks, but chose not to mention it. Skinner would not thank him for drawing attention to his embarrassment.
"I wanted to thank you. Spender has too much power for anyone's good, and I must enforce to him that he is to consult with me over such things. I appreciate your intervention."
"That is not why I woke you." The voice was quiet, but the brown eyes focussed on the king showed determination and even anger.
"It wasn't?" Intrigued, he gestured that Skinner should sit beside him, and the older man grudgingly did so. The king turned to face him. "Then why...?"
"I cannot speak of it here." Now his voice was barely a whisper. He spoke fast, hardly moving his lips, and the king had to strain to hear him. His mind raced, trying to fathom what could possibly have scared the bodyguard, and only one person seemed to fit the bill. But what had Spender done?
"I will be visiting Dana tomorrow, Skinner. I wish you to accompany me there. That is all." The bodyguard nodded, understanding in his eyes, and left as silently as he had approached. Once he had disappeared, the king rose too... and sensed rather than saw a flash of movement to his left. He turned his head, but there was nothing to be seen.
* * *
The king was very tired, having slept little the night before, but his mind was racing. He would not be able to sleep, so he sent for Alex. A story would calm him. That was the only reason for his request.
Alex was brought in and looked much as he had the first night- perhaps a little paler, a little more still... he resembled more than ever the beautiful, emotionless statues that decorated the palace. And he sat as usual and started his story, telling this time of a man that could stretch his body and fit into small spaces.
The king walked around the chambers as Alex wove the story, the eyes of the younger man not focussed on the monarch this time but on the hands clasped before him. Eventually Fox calmed enough to sit on his bed once more, and the stillness attracted his prisoner's attention as his movement had not. Faltering in his story, he looked up to meet hazel eyes that were focussed on his face and stopped entirely.
And the moment stretched, lasted forever, but was over too soon. For Fox, nothing existed but pools of beautiful green that seemed wise beyond their years. He felt that Alex knew him better than anyone else ever could, saw all his secrets; and he felt himself falling into bottomless green... but the spell was broken as Alex blinked, turned his eyes away. The younger man cleared his throat.
"I...I'm sorry. Where was I?"
"Tooms was climbing the wall of a house."
Alex continued with his story, but the king was distracted by the memory of one moment that had felt like home.
Once the story was finished, Alex rose to leave.
"That is not the end of the story?"
"No, Lord. But dawn is approaching, and the rest can be told another night." He turned again, but faltered at the door. "Shall I send a servant to you, to make you ready for bed?"
"It is late now. I can look after myself."
"I could... could brush out your hair for you?" The query was softly voiced, and the king looked at the other man to find him apparently occupied with the sleeve of his tunic. And he wanted to refuse, wished with all his might that he could resist the beautiful man, but...
"Thank you, Alex."
* * *
It was torture. The soft strokes always soothed him when it was one of the servants, but when it was Alex... the soft touch of the brush was hell, and when the younger man's hand brushed his neck... he was more aroused than he had ever been in his life. And he wished that the petting, the languorous strokes could last forever, and at the same time he wished the other man far away from him. Wished they had never met. But that didn't stop the sigh of regret that left his lips as the task was finished.
And for a moment the brush was replaced with Alex's hand, stroking over the surface of his hair... and then the unmistakable soft brush of lips.
Fox spun in his seat, staring up at the man behind him. And their faces were so close, green eyes staring directly into his, that he closed his eyes, waiting for a kiss that never came. Instead he was left with the slam of the door to his chambers and a state of painful arousal. It was a long time before he slept.
Part VI
~~~~~~~
He dreamed that night of a craft that took him to the stars. At first he was amazed by the beauty of the things he could see from the window. There were more stars than he had ever imagined, and each one was as beautiful as the last. There were star men in the craft with him, but they let him be, more interested in their own activities than in his presence. And it was so refreshing not to be the centre of attention, but he was intrigued as to what could draw them away from the beautiful sight that so captivated him. He walked over to where they stood, towering over the largest of them, and when he saw what it was that held their attention he froze.
Alex knelt on the ground in a pit. And although they were in a craft far above his home, it was as if Alex was in the courtyard outside the palace. His clothes were red, but not this time from expensive dyes. Skinner was standing over him, holding a bloodstained dagger, and Fox could see that the prisoner's clothes were cut through in several places. And Skinner looked sickened by what he had done... but he hadn't stopped. Until he was told.
He backed away, sorrow in his eyes, but not regret. He felt that he was right. And he would always do what he had to, no matter how much it hurt. That was who he had been trained to be.
This time it was Spender that held the sword. And as he brought it up over his head, as it reflected a million stars, he looked into Fox's eyes and smiled.
* * *
Alex sat in his quarters, hugging his knees and rocking back and forth. The second he started to hope he'd be...
The second he *had* started to hope he'd been lost. And it was tearing something inside, something that hadn't been allowed to feel in years and was suddenly set on fire. He almost wished that Fox hadn't intervened, and that he'd been allowed to die.
This wasn't part of the deal. He'd been told to take the blame, and that when they tried to execute him they'd find he'd mysteriously disappeared. He'd been told that he'd get enough money to pay off his father's debts. He'd been told that his mother would have all the medicine she'd need. He'd been told they could start a new life.
He hadn't been told about stories. He hadn't been told about being led out at dawn, and kneeling in the dust, and not being able to say goodbye. He hadn't been told...
He'd known that the king was beautiful. And he'd seen for himself, from the safety of the passages that ran through the palace, undetected. Even with bruises and cuts he was beautiful. And every time Alex saw him there was something new he noticed, some new expression that changed his perception of the man. And then he'd appeared, like an avenging angel, flames in his hazel eyes. And for an instant he'd thought that the anger was aimed at Spender because of him, and he'd felt on top of the world.
And an instant later his insides had twisted and he'd wanted to die as the king revealed precisely how worthless Alex was to him. And the worst of it was that he'd known. All his life he'd known it. It was the hope that killed... one single instant of hope that could destroy what it had taken a lifetime to learn.
This wasn't part of the deal. Nothing was supposed to change.
* * *
The harsh call of a bird made him jump almost out of his skin, and Skinner laughed loudly. Outside the palace, he was returning to the person Fox remembered he had once been- not endlessly thinking of his duty, or what was the most diplomatic thing to do, the mostappropriate, but doing what he chose. It wasn't an immediate change- he stopped laughing quickly, flushing and looking at Fox from the corner of his eye- but Fox liked him better already. He grinned widely at the older man and Skinner couldn't prevent a smile in return.
They moved quickly through the back streets, the few people that they met falling to their knees and making Fox wish he had worn the cloak, after all. He made a mental note to talk to Spender about revising that law.
Even as he thought this, a woman caught his eye. She was fading now, but she had handsome features and would have been beautiful in her youth. Her hair and eyes were midnight black, and she gave him the coldest look he had ever received. She did not fall to her knees before him, but merely stood, staring, as he and Skinner walked past. He turned to his companion, confused.
"Skinner, did you see that..." he pointed, but she had gone.
He remained silent for the rest of the journey, only smiling vaguely whenever Skinner spoke to him. He took no notice of his surroundings, and was startled when Skinner knocked on the door in front of them.
Dana answered, making elaborate shushing gestures.
"My grandfather is not feeling well, and I think it would be best for him to sleep for a while." Fox expressed his concern, and Dana smiled warmly at him. "I'm sure it is nothing more than the eggs he ate last night. As he gets older, his stomach becomes more delicate. He will be fine, Fox."
They spoke in low voices, and she beckoned them up to their old accustomed place on the roof, Skinner standing uneasily at first, but soon joining them to sit on the bundles of old sacking that had served their purpose for many years.
When they had been young, they had spoken of important things. New toys and games, the new dress Dana's grandfather had bought her... they had spoken of how they would be friends forever, how Fox would marry Dana and they would all live together in the palace. Now they enquired after health and then fell silent, uneasy in the presence of the ones they had once shared everything with.
It was here that Dana had given them each their first kiss, Fox screwing up his face and poking out his tongue immediately after, and Skinner blushing to the roots of the hair he'd once had.
Here they had shared stories of their first loves, Fox and Dana giggling like the children they still were while Skinner even then became distanced, his duty forcing him into a man's role before they were ready to stop their play.
Here now they sat silently, unsure of their new roles. Fox and Dana had always remained close, but the presence of Skinner was stilling their tongues; Fox was unsure how his status should affect his speech and actions now that he was in the presence of someone that could report him to Spender and would not hesitate to do so.
Teach me to Sleepwalk
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
By Beth
~~~~~~~~
Part VII
~~~~~~~~~
Spender watched as Skinner accompanied the "king" through the palace gates. The damn fool was so trusting, willing to put his life in the hands of one of the old man's many associates, purely because they'd been friends once upon a time. As if that had any bearing. Once upon a time, Spender had been friends with Fox's father.
He waited a while after they had left, wanting to be sure that the coast was clear before he left. The young king had been showing too much of an interest in his activities of late, and knew that he was not on any official business that required him to visit the town today. So he waited in one of the flower gardens until he judged sufficient time had passed. He stroked soft petals absently. She had always loved it here.
He was wary as he made his way through the streets, but it was too early in the morning to see many people. Those that did see him dismissed him as unimportant due to the dull clothes he wore, so distanced from his usual finery that he had had trouble recognising himself in the glass. He walked past familiar houses, wondering how many times he had made this journey over the past twelve and a half years. Too many for his liking. He would have done much worse to ensure the position of power he had worked so hard to earn, the trust the old king had allowed him, but concealing past indiscretions for an ungrateful monarch was distasteful. This one in particular, though... he smiled thinly. It would prove advantageous.
He looked around quickly, with jerky, birdlike motions, before knocking on the well-known door. It opened before him, and a handsome woman- with midnight eyes as black as her hair- stepping back to allow him entry.
* * *
"To what do I owe this visit then, gentlemen?" Dana's tone was slightly mocking, but openly curious. She looked from one man to the other, her eyes lingering a little longer, perhaps, on Skinner's frowning face. Fox glanced at the older man inquiringly. The guard avoided both their glances, looking down and pinching the bridge of his nose.
"I swore to protect the king with my life. As part of that, I feel that it is part of my duty to warn the king should any threats to his person or rule emerge." The other two both frowned at him, confused. He fixed them with an intent gaze from under lowered brows. "I have received intelligence from an anonymous source that there is dissent among the noblemen of the kingdom."
"I was already aware of that, Skinner." Fox interrupted. "I don't see that I had to be brought here to be told something that is quite obvious to anyone who hears them speak to me." He smiled a little bitterly.
"With all due respect, sire, I think you underestimate my position in the chain of command. I am in receipt of information that may be considered too sensitive to become common knowledge, and I fear that you are too dismissive of a very real possibility of mutiny." The quiet intensity of the man's words scared Fox a little, and he bit his lower lip. "There has been much talk about the fact that you are young to rule, that your experience is limited."
"I have been legally old enough to rule since I was thirteen, Skinner."
"And perhaps they would have preferred your father to die then!" The loud exclamation caught their attention as nothing else had. "You are young enough to be impulsive, to feel it worthwhile to make changes, to not put the importance on tradition that an older man would. And yet you are still too old to be easily controlled, to obey without question the choices of your advisors."
"What am I to do, then? Is there any intelligence on who these dissenters are, or what they plan to do?"
"As yet, majesty, the information is limited. I am looking into it, but the best advice I can give you at the moment is to be on your guard at all times. Keep Spender close, as he is someone they all respect and are willing to deal with. But...trust no one, sire." With that, the large man bowed briefly to Dana and Fox, then turned and left. Fox stared after him for a moment, then turned to his friend who was still staring after the bodyguard.
"What did you make of that?"
"Hmmm?" She glanced at him, then seemed to focus. "I don't know, Fox. He seems genuinely concerned for your welfare. His advice is sound, but there's something... strange about what he said. Why did he tell you to trust Spender, then changed his mind in his next breath?"
"Perhaps he meant not to trust anyone outside the palace." Unbidden, an image with dark hair and emerald eyes rose in his mind. "There are likely those within that can't be trusted, either," he said softly.
* * *
Skinner returned to the palace, and it was no real surprise to him when he entered his quarters to find Spender waiting for him.
There was an undefinable aura about the old man. He had an air of complete confidence, so much so that even if you found him uninvited in your private rooms, going through your belongings, it was you that felt out of place. You would probably apologise to him and back out, before you even realised that he shouldn't be there.
This time he was only sitting in one of Skinner's chairs; but the younger man knew that the only reason Spender was not reading through his correspondences was because he already knew their contents. Skinner knew better than anyone how many "associates" the old man had, how high in status some of them were. They included servants from the kitchens, gardens, bedchambers, the majority of the king's advisors and clerks... the king's personal bodyguard.
"What do you want?" He almost growled, not bothering to hide the intense dislike in his tone. He gave the chair a wide berth and made his way towards the large chest that stood at the end of his bed.
"Merely to congratulate you on a job well done, Mister Skinner. I trust that the king will now have difficulty trusting anyone who may misguidedly choose to offer him assistance, despite my instructions to them. Anyone who mistakenly believes that one man can be more important than the kingdom."
"Yes, sir." He almost spat, hating the control the other man had.
"And the prisoner?"
He turned, staring at the old man incredulously. "What does he have to do with anything?"
"Alex has certain... talents... that I would be unwilling to lose. I trust that you are treating him well, and that the king continues to make use of his services?"
"Yes."
The old man smiled. "Good. I'm sure that Alex can work his way into the king's affections, and it's always useful to have a man on the inside, as it were." And he rose and left, but Skinner felt like he had left a stench behind him, an intangible reminder of his control.
Teach Me To Sleepwalk
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
By Beth
~~~~~~~~~
Part VIII
~~~~~~~~~~
Fox froze, feeling like someone had poured cold water down his spine. Even as he backed away, concealed himself behind a pillar, he realised how ridiculous his actions were. This was his palace, and he could go wherever he chose to. But as he saw Spender exit Skinner's chambers, saw him walk hurriedly away- something felt wrong. There was nothing so very strange about his advisor seeking out his bodyguard, but...
He didn't trust Spender. Although it was wise to keep him close, to use his expertise, Fox thought it wise to remain guarded around him and those that worked for him. Apparently that now included Skinner.
It hadn't been until he had been making his own solitary way back to the palace that he had realised that Skinner that he had realised that the man had never even answered his question, the reason they had gone to visit Dana in the first place. Why had he woken Fox the morning before? He had thought it was an honest mistake- he'd forgotten about it himself- but now it seemed there was a motive. There was nothing to suggest that, but Fox trusted his instincts. He vowed to be more careful around Skinner in future.
* * *
He hadn't intended to send for Alex that night, had thought that distance was best. If he ignored the other man for long enough he could find someone to drive thoughts of sable hair and emerald eyes from his thoughts, could hear the rest of the story in a peaceful state of mind. But the sun had barely moved from directly overhead when he found himself calling one of the servants to him.
"Fetch the prisoner to me." The servant girl didn't move, her eyes downcast to the floor she was kneeling on. "Did you hear me?"
"Sire, at this hour Mister Spender visits the prisoner. He gave orders that they were never to be disturbed." She looked up then, and seeing the furious expression on the king's face she cringed.
"Take me to him." She shivered at the cold, dead words, and stood; almost running in her hurry to leave the king's presence. As soon as they reached the door to Alex's room she scampered away, leaving him staring at the plain wood.
It was nothing like the inlaid doors that opened to his quarters, with their beautiful designs. He had rarely been to this part of the palace, as it lacked in the beauty that decorated the rest. Few of the servants ever came down here, and the libraries were the other side of the large central courtyard- so his narrow life had never required his presence here.
The first thing he heard when he pushed open the door was Alex's voice. It was almost unrecognisable to him. He had heard him animated when telling stories, husky with nerves, full of loathing... but this was different entirely. His voice was silky, almost seductive, but underlying it was a hatred so intense that it made the hairs on the back of his neck stand on end.
For the first time, Fox actually believed this man capable of killing. He hadn't even realised that he hadn't accepted the reality of it, but now he knew that this man could have murdered his father.
The voice was not coming from the room in which he now stood, but rather from the chamber beyond. The interconnecting door was ajar, and Fox could hear every word.
"I've done what you asked me. You didn't tell me about this. You said that you'd let me go."
"And I fully intend to do so, Alex." That was unmistakably Spender. He sounded as he always did- coldly amused and faintly patronising- you entertain me, so I won't crush you just yet. "However, the king seems to have taken a liking to you. It is an... interesting development, and we would be fools not to exploit that...
Unless. Perhaps you would rather we moved our plans forward? There are still six months until we can officially carry out the necessary arrangements, but I'm sure the noblemen would be willing to argue amongst themselves until that time..."
"No!" Alex's voice cracked out like a whip. Fox could almost hear him try to collect himself, and when he spoke again his voice was calmer. "I'll stay."
"So protective, Alex?" The old man's voice was mocking, but there was an undertone of satisfaction in his voice that Fox didn't like.  "Very well then. We will go forward as planned." His voice approached the door that separated them, and Fox silently started to back out of the room. "Oh, and Alex? Your mother sends her love." As Spender came through the door and locked it behind him, Fox left the room and hurried down the corridor; barely hearing the muffled thud of Alex's fists connecting heavily with the door he was imprisoned behind.
* * *
He sent for Alex as soon as soon as the sun had disappeared behind the horizon. He had refused entry to the servants that had come to light the torches, so when Alex curled up on the cushions he could barely see the beautiful face that haunted his thoughts. But hearing the husky voice coming out of the deepening darkness just seemed to heighten the sense of unreality that had presided all day.
It was so hard to believe that there was a conspiracy within his own home. He wasn't even sure what it was that he'd heard. Even when he thought he was alone, Spender spoke in cautious terms- the eternal diplomat, committing to nothing that could damage him in any way.
As he thought, he suddenly registered that there had been an ending to the story he had barely listened to.
"That is not the end?"
"No, sire."
"But I must wait for another night to hear the rest?"
"Am I becoming so predictable?" He could hear the smile behind the words, and was glad that he couldn't see it, that the other man couldn't see the effect he had on the king, the power he held.
He heard the rustle of the cushions as Alex stood, but heard not a sound until a beam of light fell across his face from the corridor behind the open door.
"Alex?" The silhouette halted, its hand on the door.
"Yes, sire?" Soft, barely heard.
"You will come to me in the afternoon tomorrow, as soon as my advisor has left you. The servants will know where I am."
The prisoner's head bowed, and he left closing the door behind him and leaving the king alone in the darkness.
Archived: August 25, 2001
A small response to the every episode challenge.
Warning - severe lack of plot.  m/m
Disclaimer - all the usual stuff, not mine, Pet Fly Productions,
etc.
by ArchAnt
"There's something odd about those two."
The sound of approaching booted feet on concrete rang
loudly through Sentinel Jim Ellison's ears.  Pulling
his partner into the shadowed alcove between a row of
crates, Jim quickly warned his Guide that the carjacker was
still suspicous.
"Okay, here's the plan," Blair said, dragging the
taller man's neck down, and covering his lips.
The close-mouthed kiss was rapidly replaced by a
raging inferno as Jim had his first taste of Blair
since Naomi had moved into the loft.  He forced his
tongue into Blair's mouth, savouring the flavour of
his mate and wanting more.
Jim was aware of but deliberately ignored ....
approach, preferring to push Sandburg back against the
crates and grind their hips together.
"Hey, you two...  Oh, shit."  The enforcer stood
watching them for a moment before turning away.  Jim
tracked his movements back to the small office where
he immediately began describing to his boss exactly
what was wrong with their two new employees.
The detective brought his attention back to the body
in front of him as a cool hand darted down his
trousers, and clutched at his cock.  He came within
seconds, taking the time to catch his breath before
dropping to his knees and releasing his lover's
erection from its cloth prison.
Blair was frantically rubbing against his face, trying
to find the necessary friction to send him over the
edge and almost choked back a scream as Ellison
swallowed the engorged head.  He thrust inside the
moist heat and came.  "Jim... Jim ..."
Jim released the now flaccid penis, tucking it away
carefully before looking up at his young guide.  "I
love your mother," he said, getting tiredly to his
feet, "but she's got to go.  I want you back in my bed.
My knees can't take much more of this."
"I hear you, Jim.  I hear you."
Use your browsers back button to return to your story selections or submit a new query.
Hadrian blustered the first time Alyosha proposed that they sleep together.

It was only the two of them on this trip. The other half of the group, consisting of the snow elf Throndir, the Ordennan warrior Hella, and the map-maker Adaire, were taking a different route to the tower, sweeping past an anomaly in the forest they suspected may be related to the Cult of the Dark Sun. Hadrian and Alyosha would go ahead and clear any threats outside the tower, then hold down camp until the other three arrived.

With time on their hands and as much privacy as could be provided by this dense forest bathed in the darkness of the Sunless months, Alyosha was comfortable making the offer to his companion on the road. However, said companion did not have the same state of ease around casual intimacy, it seemed.

“Why?” Hadrian finally managed.

Alyosha smiled, despite the strong reaction from the Paladin. “Because you are attractive and we have a bond as men of Samothes? It’s hardly uncommon for soldiers to warm each other’s beds when away from home.”

Alyosha understood, of course. He also grew up in a small village, unable to explore much of anything other than the rice fields and his own thoughts. The difference between them seems to be that Hadrian found a longterm partner early on, whereas the Northern Exarch has had many types of relationships but mostly liked his own company best.

Still, Alyosha was fond of Hadrian. He was soft-spoken for his station, but his words always had a kind of weight to them. It reflected well the way he took nothing lightly, be it kindness, judgement, nor, it seemed, his desires.

It was admirable, but Alyosha worried about the way Hadrian’s shoulders sunk forward when he was sitting, like he was trying, subconsciously, to hide all of the vulnerable parts of him.

Alyosha did not push the topic, instead briefly discussing their plans for the next day’s travel before excusing himself. Hadrian watched him stand, and his gaze felt like it had his entire body behind it. In a moment of fondness, the priest reached a hand out to his face.

His skin was soft underneath the roughness of stubble, and dark, even against Alyosha’s hand.

Hadrian diverted his eyes. Alyosha drew back, said goodnight, and turned away.



Conversation found its way to letters about a couple days into the forest. Alyosha had the impression (formed from multiple comments by members of the church he had stayed with over the years) that writing letters as a hobby instead of just a matter of business or keeping in touch with extended family, was strange. But when he asked to detour a moment to drop a letter with a courier at the last town, Hadrian not only noticed, but brought it up what must have been days later.

It turned out that they were both the corresponding type. Perhaps it was that they both traveled often, Alyosha spreading word of Samothes and Hadrian carrying out His Law. Hadrian wrote most to his wife and son, of course, but he had made friends over the years as well. Hadrian brandished half-finished letters to them, grinning shyly. He even read them aloud, with a “That sounds alright, yeah?” tacked on the end, like he was asking for feedback on an essay.

Alyosha must have made a face, because Hadrian’s expression dropped, and suddenly he was asking if he was alright.

“I’m sorry,” Alyosha responded eventually, “It just sparked a memory is all.”

Still, conversation seemed to open up after that. Instead of treading over topics of theology that Alyosha could tell Hadrian wasn’t entirely engaged with, Hadrian explained events referenced in his letters. That quickly led to other things, and soon the Paladin was retelling whole arcs in his life and how they related to the people he knew.

Alyosha vaguely knew some of them, of course, as he had met all of those involved in investigating the towers when he was in Rosemerrow, before they split apart once more. He could remember the elf who hailed from the Mark of the Erasure, the Archivist musician with the wary smile, and the Ordennan, of course. Hella.

She was one of the ones Hadrian wrote to the most, and he fretted over every word. Alyosha had felt uneasy around her in Rosemerrow, but didn’t feel the need to mention it; the careful way Hadrian explained that she was on a difficult path gave him the impression that the Paladin was already all too aware.

Ultimately, Hella’s bond with Hadrian was very different from Alyosha’s. Theirs was a warrior’s bond, one of blood and steel. When a group of bandits attacked Hadrian and Alyosha, the Paladin cut them down without a second thought after they ignored his command to stand down. Alyosha simply watched, and as Hadrian cleaned his blade in the quiet after that brief skirmish, there was a look on his face that the Exarch couldn’t place.

Alyosha suspected that look would be one that Hella could understand.

“I don’t think I’ve talked this much on a mission before,” Hadrian admitted one night as they sat around a small fire together. It had been a few cycles of the moons since they last felt it was safe enough to light one, and spirits were high. Hadrian was clearly exhausted, but he stayed up talking to Alyosha about his latest letter to his wife. The Paladin didn’t mention the night on the hilltop, but it lingered behind his words as he lavished praises on Rosana.

“I really think you’d like her,” he said, twiddling with a loose string on his shirt, “She really enjoys history and theory around the Creed, but also knows how Samothes fits into the lives of everyday people. I always told her she would be welcomed in the Priesthood, but she says she wants to be able to put theory on the shelf and leave it be when she wants to, rather than living in it all the time. I think she would really enjoy talking to someone with kind of the same way of thinking.”

The look on Hadrian’s face, all soft around the edges with the beginnings of crows feet at his eyes, was the kind of look Alyosha understood, so different from the one he wore in battle. There, his expression was like a mask, almost an extension of his armor.

Alyosha preferred this side of Hadrian to the other.

“Well, my duty requires travel across the North of Hieron, but it does not specify a path,” Alyosha offered, a bit irresponsibly. Still, it was worth the way Hadrian smiled, the shadows of his dimples deepened by the light of the fire.

“Please, you’d be welcome in our home any time,” the Paladin insisted, “I don’t cook much, but I could probably get a duck from the market, and you could talk to Rosana about your theories around Sacred magic, and show us your collections from your travels, and… and maybe your stories about when you first left to study at the University would be comforting.”

Hadrian’s gaze was suddenly very far away. “I’m used to being away from home, but Rosana has lived in Velas her whole life. I… I’m not…”

Alyosha reached up, cupping his hand against Hadrian’s cheek. It seemed to be the one small intimacy that the Paladin allowed, and Alyosha gave it freely. Hadrian closed his eyes for a moment, leaning into the touch with a soft but heavy sigh. He looked so tired.

Then he looked at Alyosha, and his eyes were so dark and bright, like burning hot coals. The Exarch felt his stomach tighten. Hadrian turned his head just so slightly, and pressed a kiss to Alyosha’s palm. His breath caught in his throat.

But then Hadrian suddenly turned away, a mumbled “Sorry,” pressed from him as he stood in a rush to go to his bag.

Alyosha was completely still for just a moment before the wave of disappointment broke the spell. He sighed a laugh. “You don’t need to apologize. I only wish you were as eager to speak of your troubles as you are your joys.”

Hadrian glanced guiltily over this shoulder, and Alyosha gave a proper audible sigh this time.

“It is not my place to press from you what you won’t willingly give,” he said, “I just…”

He swallowed. “…You bring light wherever you go, Hadrian. Not simply His Light as it is reflected in your blade, but as you labour for a better world.”

Alyosha looked up as he continued, and Hadrian was watching him, his bedroll forgotten in his hands. “You… seem to be taking on tasks of the mind that not even generations of Prelates and Exarchs have completed, and I want you to know that struggling with them does not diminish your value. Not to Him, I imagine not to Rosana, and certainly not to me.”

Hadrian looked embarrassed, like there was a jest that everyone understood except for him. “And… you want to express that to me by sleeping with me?”

Alyosha laughed a little. “It does seem strange when you say it that way. It doesn’t have to be that way, but I suppose my opinion is, that is generally what people who have sex are doing most of the time, anyway.”

Hadrian gazed into the light of the fire for a long time, like he was trying to divine the Will of Samothes from it.

“Go to sleep,” Alyosha offered eventually, “We can afford to rest until Del has set, I think.”




The next “day’s” travel was almost more quiet than when they first started together. Regret ached in Alyosha’s stomach. He shouldn’t have persisted. Intimacy of whatever kind helped many weather the threats on their path, but fallout from it could easily endanger them.

He tried to remember that Samothes Himself had made such mistakes, but it took cycling the verses in his head for most of their march for it to calm him.

Hadrian, however, seemed to have turned off the part of him that was capable of being troubled, focused entirely on the road ahead. His shoulders were rolled back, made even more broad by his armour. He was like a ship, cutting through the forest like it was water.

Alyosha wished, distantly, that he had the confidence and drive Hadrian did.

Hadrian did not lose velocity even as they chose their site and began to set up camp for the night. Alyosha watched from his seat on the ground as the Paladin bustled to and fro, pausing only a moment at a time. He hadn’t even taken off his armour, which made his steps sound like thunder in the relative quiet.

“Hadrian,” Alyosha called after him.

Hadrian gave the barest glance over his shoulder before he turned back to gathering more wood for the small fire he had started. “Yeah?”

Alyosha didn’t know what to say. Hadrian returned to his work.

It had been an hour, and the Paladin had cleared the site, stoked the fire, checked their supplies, double checked their route, and started water to boil from some of the clean snow nearby. He picked out some of the bread in his rations, but instead of sitting to eat, he immediately sprang up again, striding off to check the perimeter of their camp for what must have been the fifth time.

Alyosha knew this behaviour, he realized with the tale-tell rush of blood to his face. He knew this, and he hated it. The business. The avoidance. The total ignorance masked as control. He had known it for decades unresolved, bonds collapsing like a house with dry rot and he would not–

“Hadrian,” he snapped.

Hadrian froze, slowly turning to face the Exarch. Alyosha doesn’t think the man has ever heard him raise his voice before.

They stared at each other for a moment in the eerie silence created by the snow that dampened sound and the cold darkness that drove the wildlife away.

Alyosha let out a careful breath, and asked, softly, “What’s wrong?”

A number of expressions crossed Hadrian’s face. “I…”

There was a hiss as the pot of water boiled over and into the fire. Alyosha leapt to quiet it, nearly burning his hands in the process. Hadrian watched, still half-frozen, a hand outstretched in an aborted attempt to help.

Their eyes met again, and Hadrian’s shoulders sagged suddenly. He walked to Alyosha’s side and sat down, starting to unbuckle his bracers.

“Last night… you said that my struggles did not diminish my worth,” he started slowly, “You’re very kind Alyosha, but I’m afraid you give me too much credit.”


He placed his bracers on the ground carefully, then reached up and unclasped his cloak. It was one of the more striking things about Hadrian that Alyosha had noticed when they first met. Silvery white, even in the orange light of the fire, it had a mesmerizing weave that made it look almost like fur at certain angles. When Hadrian held it out to the Exarch, he was shocked to find that it felt like fur as well.

“Do you know how I got this cloak?” Hadrian asked.

Alyosha looked up. “You said you found it at Samot’s fallen tower in the Mark of the Erasure.”

The corners of Hadrian’s mouth turned up, but it wasn’t really a smile. “That is only half-true, really.”

Hadrian restarted the story the way Alyosha had heard it before, with the tower that held other worlds inside of it. Of losing his companions, then finding them, then returning to camp only to find the Archivist– a different one from the one the Exarch met before– had been taken by a man with a rank of marble soldiers who claimed to be a Sword of Samot.

“What I didn’t tell you is, when we went to confront him again and rescue Uklan Tel… I died.”

Alyosha blinked.

“I was fighting him and I… I don't know, I just wasn’t fast enough, I guess.” Hadrian breathed out shakily. Alyosha wanted to reach out to him, to steady him, but he wasn’t sure it was the right time.

“And then I was in a room, and Samot was there. He said that I could live, if I made sure to think over what happens next. That I… keep an open mind.” Hadrian looked down at the cloak, stroking it absent-mindedly. “He gave me this, and when I woke up I still had it, so I know it was real.”

Hadrian met eyes with Alyosha, almost pleading. “Ever since that first tower, the one with that book, and Samot’s crown and mask, I… I don’t know what happened. I have tried to do His Will, but it always turns out wrong somehow. And I have prayed, and He has never answered. But Samot has. And my friends have.” The Paladin scowled, though at what Alyosha couldn’t tell. “I have stayed faithful. I have never strayed from my mission. But I am… angry. At Him.”

He scoffed and threw up his hands, then let them fall into his lap again. His sigh was deep. “It all sounds so stupid when I say it out loud.”

Alyosha found now to be the appropriate time to reach for Hadrian’s hand, and Hadrian let him, aiming a tired half-smile in his direction. “So, any wisdom about how this happens to people all the time and everything will be okay?” he asked.

Alyosha chuckled. “I certainly wish so. But that would be dishonest of me.”

Hadrian sighed, but didn’t look dissatisfied by the answer. He circled the loose skin around Alyosha’s knuckles with the pad of his thumb. Their hands were so different; Alyosha with long fingers and thin, aging skin, and then Hadrian’s, broad and calloused and dry.

“I’m glad you were able to tell me about your troubles,” Alyosha began again, “I… know it can be tempting to keep to yourself, to devote all of your attention to our Lord, while forgetting our own nature.”

The Exarch smiled at Hadrian’s confused look. “We are like all other creatures on Hieron. We need food, rest, and as particularly social beings, we also need companionship. As we try not to fast needlessly or work to exhaustion, we cannot pretend we can move through this life alone.”

Hadrian laughed, but it was genuine. “Says the man who’s basically a wandering hermit priest!”

“Why do you think I write so many letters?” Alyosha responded coyly.

Hadrian smiled back. “Fair.”

There was a moment in which they simply looked at each other. Some of the warmth was back in Hadrian’s face at last. He looked down to where their hands met.

“Well? What about you, then?” he asked.

Alyosha frowned. “What about me?”

“Yeah, what’s been troubling you?”

The priest nodded and sighed. It seemed fair, after Hadrian’s own confession.

“I suppose… I am afraid. There is so much that has happened these past months. The people are terrified, and to be honest, so am I. But I am needed wherever I go, for words of comfort and courage. I have few to confide in, especially…”

Alyosha rubbed his forehead. “…Especially since I started losing Arrell.”

The Exarch could see the tension in Hadrian’s jaw out of the corner of his eye. “I am sorry he deceived you and your friends with Phantasmo,” he added, “I understand that it is one thing to lose someone slowly to their own obsessions, and one to be told that they never existed at all.”

Hadrian throat clicked when he swallowed. “It’s okay. You can keep going.”

Alyosha nodded, eyes distant, “I have known Arrell since I was a young man studying at the University along with other priestlings, and I was one of the few he kept contact with after he withdrew. We were lovers for a while, but beyond that, he was… perhaps the most constant person in my life, aside from our Lord.

“I rarely confide in him now, nor he in me. Should it be necessary, his letters may be useful in understanding how he takes people away, but that is of little worth to me personally.”

Alyosha spat the last part with more vehemence than he expected. His face was hot, and his hand shook when he placed it against his mouth to keep any sound escaping from his tight throat. He closed his eyes against the tears, out of embarrassment more than anything. He thought he was done with this, but there he was, crying over that fool like not a day had passed.

“Perhaps, now that my seat in his plan is occupied… this part of me can at last rest in peace,” he finished, his voice trembling.

Alyosha took a few shaky breaths, wiping away the couple tears that had fallen. But then he found himself enclosed by Hadrian’s arms, a circle of heat almost stronger than the fire at their feet. Alyosha’s head came to rest in the crook where Hadrian’s pauldrons met his breastplate, and he could hear the Paladin’s soft chuckle reverberate through his armour.

“You’re kind of bad at taking your own advice, you know,” he said.

This pulled a laugh from Alyosha, though through the phlegm in his throat, it sounded like a sob.

“It’s true,” he croaked, “I really am quite dreadful at it.”

“It’s okay,” Hadrian replied, almost inaudibly, “I am, too.”

There was a long silence after that, Hadrian with his arms around Alyosha, Alyosha resting his head on Hadrian’s shoulder, his breathing slowly calming down. It was late, even for the sunless time they were currently in; the smaller moon, Bri, was just peeking over the tops of the bare trees above.

Alyosha cleared his throat, trying to hide a small smile. “I appreciate the gesture, Paladin, but your amor is digging into my side.”

“Oh!” Hadrian pulled away with such a startle that the Exarch couldn’t help but laugh.

“Here, let me help,” he said.

Hadrian let Alyosha help with the many straps that held his armour together, the pauldrons releasing from his shoulders and the breastplate breaking into its two halves so it could be lifted up over his head. The heavy steel shells made a dull, hollow sound as they hit the ground.

Hadrian groaned and stretched his freed torso, rolling his shoulders. But then, his eyes locked with Alyosha’s and he stilled suddenly. Alyosha looked back, noticing the way the Paladin’s hand grasped subconsciously for the cloak where it was trapped between their thighs. The fire glowed in his eyes like embers, and Alyosha felt drawn into them. Did he lean forward? He wasn’t sure, but he heard as Hadrian took a quiet breath and leaned in the rest of the way.

Alyosha sighed into the kiss, the tingling in his face caused by the rush of pleasure instead of a wave of anger, this time. Hadrian seemed to melt a little, too, his body pressing closer as he went in for a second kiss, then a third. Alyosha shifted to face him fully, resting his hands on Hadrian’s hips. Hadrian’s arms wrapped around him with ease, encasing him in the other man’s warmth, stronger and more comfortable than the fire.

Alyosha trailed a hand up Hadrian’s back, tracing the outlines of muscle underneath cloth and skin. Hadrian ran his fingers through Alyosha’s long, grey hair. Their breaths were irregular, but rhythmic, like the lap of waves on the shore of a lake. Hadrian made a low noise in his throat and turned his head to press several kisses under Alyosha’s jaw and down his neck.

Given to passion, the Exarch moved to straddle Hadrian’s hips. The Paladin’s dazed look and the shiny reflection of his lips made Alyosha smile, and he resumed kissing him in earnest.

They ground their hips together, breaths harsher and kisses messier. Alyosha’s vestments were riding up his legs, and his collar was askew from Hadrian’s search for more of his skin. Alyosha felt like a fire was roaring inside of him in a way he hadn’t felt in a long time. He rode against the bulge where he could feel Hadrian’s erection ruthlessly; he couldn’t get enough of the sound of his gasps in his ear.

Hadrian pushed Alyosha back off his lap, but kept his hands on the priest’s thighs. “I… I don’t want to end this just rutting on you like a teenager,” he said, low and breathy. He grinned sheepishly, his cheeks carrying a deep crimson tint.

“Well,” Alyosha smiled back, almost impish, “Allow me to finish you properly, then.”

After that was a few minutes in which the two of them rushed to make space to lay out their bedrolls while simultaneously undressing each other, exchanging touches and kisses frequently. Some of their belongings did get dropped in the snow in the process, but it mattered little to Alyosha once he had Hadrian sprawled out on the mats, his cock in his mouth.

Hadrian made soft, low sounds as he squirmed under Alyosha’s ministrations. The Paladin’s smell was heady, and his hands set Alyosha’s skin alight wherever they went. Towards the end, as Hadrian lost himself, he mostly hung onto the priest’s hair, soft tarnished silver threaded between his fingers.

Hadrian gave a choked cry when he came, and Alyosha relished in the sound and the feeling of his body under his hands as the man spilt his seed, hot and bitter, into his mouth. The priest only had a moment to turn and spit into the snow before Hadrian had him on his back, kissing his lips, then the hollow of his shoulder, then his sternum.

Alyosha laughed. “I promise you can rest a moment if you need to.”

Hadrian smiled shyly into Alyosha’s stomach. “No, I’m fine. I just, uh…”

Alyosha smiled back, running his hand over Hadrian’s close-cropped hair and across his shoulder, drawing a shiver from the Paladin. “I can guide you as needed, don’t worry.”

Hadrian was, of course, an excellent student. Alyosha’s only instructions were the occasional yes-there or more-of-that before he was eventually rendered speechless. He could see his breath in the air, but all of him felt hot. For a few moments, Hadrian was not Samothes’s sword but his hammer, and Alyosha felt like iron being shaped into something new. He barely made a sound, but his ears were ringing with pleasure.

Just before Alyosha found release, he suddenly remembered that Hadrian hadn’t been with a man in this way before, and he took both hands to the man’s face and pushed him off his cock. The sensation was overwhelming, and Alyosha made a garbled, unintelligible sound as orgasm racked his body.

When he opened his eyes, Hadrian was looking at him, slack-jawed with awe but also confused, strings of white slowly dripping down his dark face.

“Oh!” Alyosha sat up, unconsciously covering his smile of both delight and embarrassment. “I’m so sorry, I realized you likely didn’t want to… and I… oh heavens, let me help you clean up.”

Somewhere in the middle of Alyosha finding a rag and using it and some of the snow to help Hadrian clean his face, the Paladin started laughing. He was helpless to it, laughing like it was a release of days and months of joys and pains alike. He laughed as he took the rag from Alyosha and finishing wiping off his face, and kept laughing even as he laid back down on their hastily joined bedrolls.

Alyosha chuckled as the man caught his breath, covering the both of them so as to keep the heat in. It had only been a few minutes, but he was already feeling the chill seep into his core. “Are you alright?”

Hadrian’s smile was brilliant in the night. “Oh, yeah. I don’t know what came over me.”

The priest couldn’t believe the fondness he had for this man. “Rest. I’ll lay with you a bit, then take watch.”

Hadrian grunted in agreement, settling under the covers. He slept on his back like a soldier, one hand resting on his stomach. Alyosha moved next to him, propping his head up with one hand. In the quiet filled with only the sound of their breathing and the crackling of the dying fire, he studied the darkness beyond their camp.

Alyosha was always amazed by how easily two bodies fit together. He had slept with countless others over the decades, lovers or not, and regardless of their respective shapes, they never had trouble finding a place where they comfortably slotted together. Alyosha’s palm rested perfectly in the dip of Hadrian’s hip, and he idly stroked a small scar there with his thumb. Hadrian shifted his legs once, but otherwise didn’t move, falling quickly to sleep.

It was difficult to leave the bliss of warmth and skin on skin, but Alyosha eventually slid carefully away, donning his vestments once more. Even with the layers, it was still cold, and it took several moments to realize that his cloak was trapped under their bedrolls, currently occupied by Hadrian. The priest was puzzling how to quietly feed and stoke the fire again, but then he saw the silvery reflection of Hadrian’s cloak in a heap next to their bags.

Alyosha was, of course, aware of the true story of the strange, shapeshifting mantle, but he wasn’t in the state to refuse the option given to him. The cloth was light, but wrapped around him, he felt again the soft weight of fur.

Hadrian’s circumstances were indeed far outside any Alyosha had experienced before. The priest felt uneasy thinking about the events of the past few years. What times were they living in that the Sun did not rise and old gods were stirring? Alyosha didn’t know.

Before he felt the grip of fear tighten too much, though, he looked down at the sleeping form of Hadrian. In the darkness, with faint orange glow of the fire shining on one side of his face and the silvery light of Bri on the other, his calm expression seemed carved out of obsidian. He was quite beautiful, but even more than that, he had spoken to his God’s enemy, had experienced aching doubt, and still continued onward, for his people and for his Lord.

And, just as Alyosha told the Paladin that he needn't take this journey on alone, so Alyosha knew the same applied to him. Soon, they would reach the tower, and the other three of their company would arrive, too. And, until then, the two men of Samothes had each other to hang onto for the next Sunless day.
*******
The ceremony was brief but heart-wrenching. With his daughter Jade in his arms, Jim stood silent and stoic. The toddler, her fluffy brown hair tied up with ribbons, clung to her father, refusing to let her older half-sister take her. Although she didn't really understand what was going on, she was sensitive enough to know it was bad and that it made the people she loved sad.
Jasmine stood on Jim's left, her face and body radiating anger. The last three months of Alexa Ellison's life had been marred by the anger between her daughter and her husband, as she herself slipped further into despair and had begged Jim to release her from the agony she suffered as her cancer spread. At last he had agreed and helped her sign a 'do not resuscitate' order. Her greatest sorrow had been leaving her young daughter, naturally, whose birth had quickened the spread of the disease that killed her.
With a high salary and all the perks that came with being the next supermodel, Jasmine Tate had hired lawyers to fight her mother's decision only to see the issue dropped before it reached court, when Alex coded and died weeks before the doctors had predicted. Now she blamed Jim completely. There had been other options, radical procedures that conventional doctors weren't willing to try. Refusing to believe that her mother was tired of the fight and ready to die at the young age of 39, she had decided in her mind that it was really because Jim was tired of caring for her and encouraging her.
The hell of it was that Jim wasn't sure himself. The past year had been so damned hard, literally hell on earth. He had wondered many times how God expected anyone to go through this, as an individual or a family. Chemo, surgeries, vomiting, fevers... on and on until there was nothing but a frail skeleton left of the woman he had loved. And in the midst of it all he'd had to deal with Mom-mom's death and her funeral and the new baby that needed attention he didn't always have the energy to give while dealing with a dying wife. And his salvation had been a phone call away the whole time.
On his right was Blair Sandburg. Standing right at the edge of the cliff, looking down into the valley that spread beneath them. Best Friend, Guide, Lover.Their relationship was poised on the brink of a major breakthrough as Jim struggled to choose his path. Years ago he had told Blair that he couldn't live as a gay man, and Blair had accepted that without judgement, had gone out and built a good life for himself apart from Jim. Always forgiving, never condemning, even from that very first night when Jim had taken him with force, in anger.
They had called it their dirty little secret.
It had become Jim's salvation and Blair's unfulfilled dream.
As the years passed it became less dirty and less secret. The mother of Blair's children knew, as did those children themselves, now standing silently behind their father, showing respect to the dead as their heritage taught.
Many of their friends from the old days knew, but none passed judgement, having learned that the situation was far more complicated, and yet more simple, than it appeared to be on the surface.
Now they had a second chance. The price was terribly high, but it had been paid. Her death had been sought by neither of them and was grieved by both.
Could Jim now, facing the last part of his life, with a successful marriage behind him and years of raising Jade ahead of him, admit to the world that he belonged with Blair and live that life?
The one he had known he was supposed to have since he first met the younger man.
Blair's hand touched his arm, the Guide seeking to center and comfort. Jade shifted, fretful, and Jim saw Jasmine's eyes, red-rimmed and swollen, glaring at him with unconcealed hatred.
"You okay?" A hushed whisper, Blair not even looking at him, as the minister opened the urn and began shaking Alex's ashes into the light cold breeze. Having an unreasonable but common fear of being buried alive, she had asked to be cremated and on his own Jim had decided that her ashes would be spread here in the mountains they had both loved, if for different reasons. He was sure they would have talked about this eventually, but even though her condition had been terminal, everyone had thought they had more time.
Jasmine had wanted her mother embalmed and buried in a crypt where she would have lasted a long, long time. The very thought made Jim shudder with revulsion. Cremation was cleaner and felt somehow purer. The Vikings had known that, and many other peoples from times past. He wasn't going to argue with their conclusions and Jasmine had been infuriated when he told her what he was planning.
He would bring Jade here and tell her about her mother and teach their daughter to love the mountains as well.
But he suspected Jasmine was going to cause trouble there as well, perhaps even try to gain custody of her younger sister. Even before Alex's death Jim had consulted a lawyer and they had discussed various scenarios, most of which were comforting. Unless Jim did something really stupid the model didn't have a chance to take his daughter. Even moving in with Blair was acceptable in today's political and social climate.
His anxious thoughts trailed off when the minister began a final prayer and everyone bowed their heads.
Friends came up and repeated the condolences Jim had listened to for so many months. As always he thanked them, and smiled politely, and wished they would go away. Simon offered no words, only a firm hug, Daryl and his wife had come to pay their respects and Jim thanked them and meant it. Then the minister told him it was a blessing that she no longer suffered and he agreed, seeing Jasmine's beautiful eyes flash hatred at him as the words left his mouth.
Then it was just them. Jim, Jasmine, and Blair. And the children.
"We'll meet you back at your house." Blair said, his boys flanking him. Wide-eyed, Nathan had an arm around his father's leg, while Joseph held his hands clasped behind his back, almost at parade-rest. His heavy black hair hung past his shoulders now, but no one would have mistaken him for a girl. The angled planes of his jaw and the width of his shoulders marked him as Blair's child despite the dark skin and extremely high cheekbones. "Do you want me to take Jade so you can have a few minutes to say goodbye alone?"
"I'll get her." Jasmine spoke up. "She should spend the night with me, to give you peace and quiet, Jim."
The sky was already darkening with twilight. Jim had asked for a ceremony at sunset because Alex had loved romantic sunsets, and they had shared several special ones; on their honeymoon, when they watched it set over the ocean in Acapulco, the one that had broken across the sky the night he closed a dangerous case and barely escaped with his life, and that first on with Julia between them, admiring the amazing new life they had miraculously created.
Reflexively his arms tightened around the toddler, who wrinkled her brow and considered crying.
"Jade stays with me." His voice rough, Jim swallowed against his own tears. He'd shed enough already. "Blair, take her with you, please." His statements would have been a contradiction to anyone, but his Guide understood.
"You got it, man." Handing Joseph the keys, Blair took the little girl, dressed warmly in a zippered snowsuit of pink and yellow, from Jim's arms, and she came willingly, responding to his natural affinity for children. "Joey, go start the car for me."
"Yes, Da." The pre-teen trotted down the path gracefully.
Passing Jim, Blair patted the taller man on the shoulder, Jade riding on his hip, with Jasmine glaring daggers at both of them.
"We'll have dinner and stuff."
"Okay. I'll be there in a bit." The touch sent a shiver through Jim. Blair had been in town for two weeks, to help out, and they hadn't touched each other sexually during that time, despite the need that had grown between them.
With Jim's child in his arms, Blair left his sentinel to his thoughts and returned to the home Jim had shared with his wife of five years.

Jasmine rubbed her eyes with her fists, a childlike gesture that reminded Jim of Blair.
But her words were vicious and accusatory.
"I always thought he was strange, Jim. Especially the way he hung on you and the way you paid more attention to him than Mom when he was around. But I never thought you'd replace her so quickly."
Shaking his head, Jim looked out over the valley, feeling the bite of the wind on his face. He imagined he could feel the softness of Alex's ashes and thus her touch.
"This isn't the time or place, Jaz. Have some respect for your mother."
"Maybe not. But this isn't over."
Turning to face her, Jim looked her up and down. The stress of the past week had upset her diet and she'd gained a few pounds, he remembered when she was a teenager in their home, she had always eaten when she was upset.
"Don't you have to do a show in Milan tomorrow?"
"And I'm on a plane tonight, but I could have dropped her at Mom's house before I left."
"Waking her up and putting her back to bed wouldn't have been good for her. Keeping her to her normal routine has been the only way to keep her from getting too upset."
"Well, you don't seem too upset. You're cold, Ellison, cold and cruel. I'm sorry my mother ever met you."
"Just because I don't have histrionics in public doesn't mean I'm not upset, Jaz." He tried to be gentle with her. Once they had had a good relationship, friendly, even close.
"It doesn't matter what you say." She crossed her arms over a too-thin chest. "You let her die."
"It was time."
"She wasn't ready." Her voice rising, the tall young woman stepped closer. "She wasn't ready, dammit!" Jim winced.
"God thought she was." He resisted the urge to shout back. Truly, all of his anger had been drained from him. There was a hollow feeling in his soul, and only one person was going to fill that up. Speaking with what felt like the last of his strength, he sighed. "Go home, Jaz. Let me mourn in peace today. The next time you're in town you can yell at me, if it makes you feel better. Alex would want me to do everything I can to make you feel better and I will. But another time."
"You're a coward, Ellison." She sneered. "A cruel, cold coward who let his wife die when he could have saved her. Because she was too much trouble at the end, wasn't she?"
"I didn't see you changing bedpans or cleaning up vomit for months," he snarled back suddenly, enraged, and waved an arm dismissively. "Get out of here. Go! NOW!"
With a jerk Jasmine seemed to realize that she'd gone too far, and turned to leave. It was clear, though, that she didn't consider this over.
"I'll be going to my apartment, I don't want to be in the same house as that hippie creep and his weird little bastards."
Feeling the anger drain away again, leaving him empty and so, so tired, Jim let her go without a parting shot.

It was much later when Blair finally heard Jim's truck pull into the driveway. Rising from the couch, where he had been watching the news, he went first to check on Jade, sleeping peacefully in her crib, and then his sons. Joey and Nate were playing video games in the den, keeping themselves occupied. Blair kissed each of them on the head.
"I'm going to spend some time alone with Jim. There are sandwiches on the table if you get hungry, so put yourselves to bed, okay, guys?"
"Yes, Da." Joey leaned back to give him a one-armed hug. "I hope Uncle Jim decides to live with us. It would be nice to have a sister."
"Me too." Nate agreed, eyes glued to the screen as he negotiated a particularly challenging section of the vivid game. Blair watched for a moment and then shook his head. Frances hated these things and didn't allow the boys to play them when they were with her, but they still spent the majority of their time in his care despite the disagreements that had lately developed between them on childcare.

Blair went upstairs, into the guest bedroom, where he had been sleeping since taking a leave of absence from his school and coming to help. In the bathroom he listened and heard the door that led from the garage to the kitchen, it hit the wall when opened unless you were really careful, and Jim was coming into the house.
The older man had slept in the bed he'd shared with Alex since she died five nights ago, but Blair knew he would be coming to the guestroom tonight. So he prepared himself with lubricant, wanting to give Jim what he needed as quickly as possible.
It reminded him of the early days again, when they alternately resented and yearned for their encounters, and planned them like military maneuvers.
Tonight he hoped he and Jim would make a decision.
Finishing, he washed his hands, and then turned on the water in the shower but didn't get in.
He stripped and began shaving.
Jim entered just as he was rinsing the shaving cream from his face. The Sentinel was already nude, already hard. Turning, Blair saw the pain in his eyes and the hunger in his face, both emotions directed inward, and he turned away again, hands on the sink countertop, and spread his legs slightly, offering himself.
"Blair." Groaning the name, Jim came up behind him, grabbed his hips, and entered him roughly, leaning to bite Blair's shoulder, hard.
Stifling a moan, the younger man held on tight to the counter as Jim pounded into him. He knew Jim needed this, needed to lose himself in the physical sensation, drown himself in the connection with his Guide, but it had been many months, and this hurt.
Fortunately it only took moments for Jim to climax, fingers digging into Blair's hips, bruising him, teeth clenched on Blair's shoulder. The heavy blasts of Jim's breath alternately warmed and cooled the skin there.
He pulled back with a grunt.
"Did I hurt you?" His voice was hoarse, he eased out of Blair as gently as he could, noting the wince his lover couldn't restrain.
"I'm fine, Jim." Turning, Blair opened his arms. "C'mere." He leaned back against the sink, the sharp edge digging into his lower back, and held Jim tightly.
Holding on fiercely, Jim tried to pout all of his love and rage and pain into that grip.
"Let's shower." Blair eased away from the sink and led Jim into the shower. The water was still running warm and he tenderly washed the big man, Jim keeping a hand, both hands, on him at all times.
When they were finished and blair was turning off the water, Jim spoke softly.
"I'm sorry."
"I love you." Blair replied just as softly. "I'm happy to give you what you need."
Falling silent again, Jim allowed himself to be dried and then taken into the bedroom, where Blair tucked him in and cuddled him close, Jim's head pressed to his chest.
Although sore, he wasn't that tired, and so he talked to Jim, filling the air with the Guide's voice and soothing his Sentinel to rest.
"I fed Jade some of the stew I made and she ate pretty good. Then Joey and I gave her a bath and the boys read to her. She went down without a fuss. And the realtor called and left a message. She said she's found the place for me. A house I would really like. If I want to move back here. The board at Rainier will give me two more weeks to decide if I want the position they offered me, but they would really like my decision sooner."
He paused and stretched his neck to kiss the top of Jim's head.
"Frances sent you some flowers, I put them on the desk in the den. Did I tell you she's seeing someone? A Arapaho, he's a teacher on the res. I get the feeling it's serious, and I'm happy for her. She's been much more content since she gave up teaching and started doing research full time."
Looking down, he saw that Jim's eyes were closed and the other man was breathing deeply, evenly. His features were relaxed. Running his fingers through increasingly sparse hair, Blair smiled and kept talking.
"The realtor said that the house needs work, it's definitely a fixer-upper. You'd get a kick out of that, we could work on it together and the boys would help, they need to learn that stuff. It has four bedrooms, so the kids could all have their own and we could share or the boys could share and you and I could have our own. To keep up appearances. If that's what you want."
He was growing drowsy, his unsatisfied arousal finally giving in and dying down.
"Either way I think I'll go look at the house. It's time for me to come home. Back to you. We don't have to be together like that, but I need to be here. Eventually we'll find out if Jade is a Sentinel and you'll need my help raising her if she is...."
Still mumbling, he drifted into sleep. The boys woke him briefly, he wasn't sure what time it was, they told him they were going to bed and kissed him and the sleeping Jim as well.
The next thing he knew Jim was kissing him awake and he could taste tears on the older man's face.
"Mm, there ya go." Sighing and stretching beneath Jim's weight, Blair moved his hips into the intimate caress of Jim's hand stroking his cock. "I guess you're awake now."
"I was awake earlier, or at least partly." Jim said, rising over him on hands and knees. "I heard most of what you said." The stroking hand slipped lower, two fingers penetrating Blair's passage, still slick from earlier, wet with lube and Jim's semen.
"Mmm." With his cock hard and his breath starting to come in gasps, Blair spread his legs wider so Jim could kneel between them. The fingers inside him searched for his prostate and found it, drawing a groan of pleasure.
Looking down at him, one hand stroking Blair's panting stomach and the other fingering him deeply, Jim waited for Blair to open his eyes, and then smiled.
"Hi."
"Hi yourself. Don't stop." Moving his hips, Blair fucked himself slowly on Jim's fingers. "I want you."
"Don't want to hurt you." Jim said softly.
"You won't."
The smile softened and Jim's free hand began to touch Blair' cock, just brushing his fingers over it.
"I want to move in with you in your fixer-upper house."
The words distracted Blair from the way Jim was making his body feel, and he stopped moving, reaching for the larger man, pulling him down closer.
"But I have to wait a while." The light blue eyes begged for understanding. "A few months. Maybe a year. To give Alex the dignity I owe her."
"I'll wait for you." Blair's mouth was right under Jim's, fractions of an inch separating them. "I'll wait as long as I have to."
"I loved her." Face twisting with renewed grief, Jim's voice was thickened with remorse. "You know I loved her."
"She knew too." Lowering one hand, Blair took Jim's cock and guided it to his stretched pucker. "She knew, Jim."
"But you - Ah, God, Blair! -" Sliding in smoothly, Blair's legs coming around his waist, Jim moaned, "- You'll always be the best of me. I've always known that."
He began to thrust, slowly, pulling out as far as he could without leaving the haven of Blair's body and then sliding back in to the hilt. Their lips were fractions apart, sharing breaths.
"We have a second chance," Blair panted, his body responding enthusiastically to the Jim's touch.
"We're going to take it." Jim promised, gathering the smaller man close, his mouth closing over Blair's.

The decisions were made, the circle closed. What had begun in anger was now finished in the love that was always meant to be.

~finis

The locker room's kinda busy with guys getting ready for practice. I sidle in trying not to make a fuss or anything and first thing I notice is a great big hand shoving itself under my nose."Name's Bubba Dean." The hand pushes forward and I take it automatically. "Welcome to the funhouse." He nods, chewing gum enthusiastically.I don't say anything, 'cause I'm flabbergasted. He looks just like Turnbull. I go past him but can't resist looking at him again and his grin widens. As I start to turn I see his eyes drop and next thing I feel a friendly, very friendly, slap on my ass. Just as I squeeze past some other guy I hear him mutter something under his breath. It sounds like "nice ass, Ace". Oh, geez… why did I let Fraser talk me into this?*Every time he sees me he calls me Ace. Only he drawls it out so it sounds like 'ass'.*It's over. I hit the home run, won the game, and Fraser's closed the case. I'm a hero to everyone and nobody knows what a fluke it was and right now I don't care. I still did it. Most of the other guys have left and I've got the showers to myself. Even so I hurry. I want to go somewhere and celebrate. But by the time I've finished they're all gone and I start to dress. Looks like there ain't gonna be a party after all. Dean walks in just as I'm buttoning my shirt. He grins at me, still chewing gum. "You did it, Ace. Damn fine hit.""Thanks." I try not to look at him, 'cause I know he's gonna be looking me up and down. He walks past me to his locker and I take a peek. He's staring at me and he grins again then slowly unbuttons his shirt and tosses it into the locker, peels off the black undershirt and drops his pants. He's wearing those tight white shorts again with the jockstrap underneath. When he turns away I can see the straps pulling in under his ass cheeks.Then I see that he's watching me. Oh shit. He doesn't say anything. Doesn't even grin, and suddenly it feels very hot in here. He pulls his towel out of the locker and stops. "You wanna go somewhere and celebrate Ace?""Sure. There a party going on somewhere?" Did I really say that? I swallow hard.He spits his gum out into the trash can. "There could be." Both of us know what he's saying. I get up and walk over to him. "Where?" My voice has gone low and husky all of a sudden."My place. That okay with you?"I nod, and then back away. I figure Dean's gonna drop his shorts now and I don't know whether to watch or look away. But he reaches into his locker and pulls out his jeans and starts to drag them on. Then his shirt, the one with the cutaway sleeves. He's got these nice big muscular arms and he likes to show them off. I don't mind either. Last of all he puts on his cowboy hat and shoes and he's ready.* It's not far to Dean's place, a cruddy little motel room that he tells me he rents for the whole season. Cheaper rates that way. There's nobody else there, but I didn't think there would be. He turns on the light and closes the door. It's just one room with a double bed at one end and a kitchen counter and a microwave oven at the other.I try to avoid looking at the bed, but that means I have to look at Dean. He sure fills up the room. I reach up and take off his hat. No way am I gonna kiss a man in a hat. Then I wonder if he wants me to kiss him at all.I guess he does. His tongue gets active pretty quickly. Up close like that he's all hot and sweaty from the game, but he's clean smelling and I don't mind it at all. I run my hands up over those big, beautiful biceps and squeeze them hard, but I hardly make an impression on them. I can't get over how big he is. Not a lot taller than me but broad and solid. Big body, big hands on my butt, really big bulge pressing against my belly. Oh, man!He backs up, pulling me with him and I'm happy enough to follow. We end up with him pressed against the kitchen counter and he's tall enough he can rest his butt on the edge. I drag myself away long enough so I can unbutton his shirt and run my hands over his chest. It's covered in sparse short hairs that feel good against my palms. My hand grazes over a hard nipple and he takes a quick breath and grins at me. He's always grinning at me, but this time I grin back. It's been way too long since I fooled around with another guy. Not since just after Stella and I broke up. And before that.... well, not since I realized I had a chance with Stella all those years ago.The shirt just kinda drops off his shoulders and lays on the counter. All that skin looks just too good to be true, like a smorgasbord would to a starving man. I try to eat his chest, suck on his nipple and bite it gently. He's laughing and groaning and telling me to take it easy... there's no hurry... but I can't help myself. It's been too long. I reach for his jeans.While I'm unbuttoning his jeans he toes off his sneakers and kicks them aside. The jeans are down around his knees and I get an eyeful of those skin-tight shorts. Oh, man... I run my hands over his hips and down below his butt cheeks. Twang the elastic of his jock strap through the shorts. Rub my hands all over his butt and grab a double handful of it. He got the measure of me now, knows how hungry I am for it, and he just leans back and lets me do what I like. The thought of that jock strap's driving me crazy. I pull down the shorts. Carefully... I don't want to drag the jock strap with them. Oh no, I want to unwrap this present properly, one layer at a time. The shorts are around his knees too now, and the jock strap's straining under the load, pulling the cloth tight over a pair of high, rounded nuts and stretching out at an impressive angle. I tease my fingers through the short damp curls peeking out from the edge of the cloth and shiver at the same moment that he does. But it's too soon to finish unwrapping, so I turn him around and he leans his hands on the counter and sticks his butt out invitingly. I massage the solid muscles and they bunch up under my hands. He likes it, pushing impatiently against my hands. Oh God, I want this so bad... I unzip my jeans and drag out my dick and start rubbing up against him. But I want to be inside him, so after the first shock wears off, I pull back and guide my dick into him. It's so easy. He pushes back against me and I feel around the front of his jock strap, slide my fingers under the cloth and take hold of his dick. It's lost some of its hardness with my penetration but the heavy softness of it feels good in my hand. After a few thrusts I pull back. The feel of that dick has me almost drooling with pleasure and it's not enough just to hold it. I want to see it, suck it, have it inside me. Dean doesn't seem to mind. He looks back over his shoulder at me, but doesn't say anything. I turn him to face me, panting now, almost unable to move. Dean takes over. He's not smiling now and his hands move quickly, pulling off my shirt and jeans, shoving down my shorts. I sway towards him and we kiss, hard. I lean against him while he touches me, and try to catch my breath. Those big bony hands are surprisingly gentle. That hard guy image of his is all for show, underneath he's kinda sweet, I decide. By the time he's held me for a while I feel better, more in control of myself. I kick off my sneakers and then my pants and shorts, hopping a bit to keep my balance. Then I lean in again, stroking his chest, letting my hands trail down to that wide band of elastic and the soft cloth. I push the cloth aside and let his dick tumble out. It's big, still a bit soft, and it hangs in a mouth-watering curve over his thighs. I let myself drop to my knees and touch my tongue to the clear drop of precum gathering in the slit. He tastes good. I run my tongue all over the head, suck on it gently and nibble around the ridge. Dean gasps and his fingers tighten on the edge of the counter. His dick slides into my mouth, filling it up with a hot musky taste. He's so big I can hardly handle it, but I wait for a couple of heartbeats until I get used to it, then start to suck, moving my head so it slides in and out… in and out… My heart's pounding; I'm getting dizzy just from sucking on him. His hand curls around the back of my head, guiding me. He's so gentle, not like he is on the field or in the locker room. His breathing is turning from hoarse gasps into outright moans but he holds back, letting me do what I need to do.I can't stand much more of this. My dick's throbbing. Hell, even my ass is throbbing from wanting to feel him in there. I give him one last long hard suck, then pull the jock strap off of him before I stagger to my feet. That's when he takes me by surprise. He puts one hand on each side of my butt and lifts me until I'm practically sitting on his dick. It presses up between my legs and I wrap my arms around his neck. My legs go around his waist with my feet kinda resting on the counter.Now that I'm pretty much holding my own weight, Dean pulls me closer with an arm across my back. His other hand slides down, and I feel him stroking my asshole, teasing at the opening."Oh God… yes… yes…" I just about go crazy, but remember in time that he's not really supporting me any more and I better not let go of him.Dean just grunts and grins and fumbles a bit, then his dick's pressing into me and it's so damn big… I scream. He freezes."No! Nononooo… don't stop…" I pant a bit, trying to get myself under control. I could come right now, only that would be the most godawful waste of that beautiful dick.Somehow we manage it. Actually, he does most of the managing and I try not to go crazy as he slowly pulls me down onto his dick. When I feel his balls against my butt I let out a long moan. My head drops back and he kisses my throat, my adam's apple, my shoulder. We shift around and I get my feet pressed flat onto the counter so I can help him as he slowly… so fucking slowly… lifts me, and his dick slides out of me about halfway before I start going down again.After a couple of times it gets easier. My ass is loosened up and we've got the position just right so we can do what we want to do. We speed it up. Dean's grunting and I'm screaming myself hoarse. I can't help it. I've always been loud and what he's doing to me makes me feel like my brains are being fried. I lean back at the full length of my arms and every time he slides into me he hits that sweet spot. My dick's jerking around wildly, slapping against my belly, against his, so hard that I can hear it. When I'm not screaming, that is.Then I feel it. The tightness in my balls, that kind of electric tingle in my dick, and the heat, burning its way through my gut. I didn't think I could yell any louder than I already was, but somehow I do. Dean pulls me down onto his dick and I can't move; I just stare down at my dick as it sprays cum everywhere. And then it's his turn. He does it quietly, hardly moving, but I can feel, inside me, that thick, beautiful dick pulsing; feel the heat explode into my ass. I can't always feel that much, but he's so big and I'm so tight around him I feel every twitch. I almost let go of him then. My fingers start to slip on his shoulders and I grab at the bunched up muscles just in time. We stare at each other, both panting, and I'm wondering what on earth I can say to a complete stranger who's just done this mind blowing thing to me. Luckily he doesn't seem to want to say anything, and after a second the feeling goes away and I grin at him. He grins back, pleased with himself. He damn well should be. "You done?""Yeah." I start to unwind myself from around him. He shifts his weight a little and his dick slips out of me, though it still feels pretty big. My legs are cramping and my fingers hurt and my lower back aches like Hell. "I don't think I can stand."It doesn't faze him. Nothing seems to faze him. "That's okay." He tightens his arms around me holding me off the floor and walks me over to the bed, pulling me down onto it.*The mattress under me's lumpy. And scratchy. And… it's moving. An alarm clock is ringing and it's not mine. I groan and open my eyes. It's way too early to be awake.It's not a mattress under me. I'm lying face down on top of Bubba Dean and when I lift my head he's trying to open his eyes and yawning like a bear coming out of hibernation. Not a very long hibernation; we can't have got more than a few hours sleep. My ass aches. It feels good."Whatsamatter? You forget to turn it off last night?" I feel pleased with myself, thinking that I must be pretty hot stuff to distract him that much. I never forget to turn off my alarm if I've got a chance to sleep in.His hand drifts over my head as I start sucking on a nipple. "Nope. Got a bus to catch." "Catch a later one." I set about seriously distracting him, ignoring the alarm, even though it's loud enough to wake the dead."Can't do that. Someone's meeting me."I guess I shoulda known. Nobody that big and that sexy's gonna be on his own. I swallow my hurt. After all, he never said it was anything more than a one night stand. When I raise my head again, I'm grinning. Convincingly, I hope. "So, you got a wife and three kids down in Texas?"He told me, sometime during the night that he was from Texas. Wouldn't say where though. That shoulda told me something."Two kids. Third's not due for another month." He says it so calmly, I think for a minute he's kidding me. Then I realize he's serious.I try to get off of him, but he puts an arm around me and holds me there. I don't like the feeling that I've helped a guy cheat on his wife. I never cheated on Stella. Never even wanted to. "You're married? Why the fuck didn't you tell me?"He just grins and wraps his other arm around me. I try to pull free and can't. "We have this deal, Darlene and me. She don't ask me what I do during Season, and I don't ask her.""So she don't care about you fooling around with guys?" I'm starting to calm down, though I'm still not sure I believe him. Except that he didn't have to tell me at all, so why should he lie?He smiles lazily. "She don't ask. I told ya."I'm not ready to let go of the guy. I wish we'd done this three nights ago. "How much time you got?" He reaches over and turns on the snooze alarm. "Time enough." He doesn't even pretend not to know what I mean. Underneath me his dick's stirring. So is mine.I'm too tired for anything fancy, so I just start rubbing myself against him and we slowly get hard. We may have just woken up, but it was a very long night. I don't even have the energy to make a lot of noise, but it sure feels nice. We come together too. And then just lay there breathing until the alarm goes off again.This time he slides out from under me and heads for the bathroom. I hear him do a long, long piss and sigh with pleasure. Then the shower starts. I'm not in any hurry to go anywhere, but I roll onto my back and use the sheet to wipe the cum off my belly.It's a quick shower. Either that or I dozed off. But it doesn't seem like very long before I hear a sound and he's standing beside the bed looking down at me. His dick's hanging not too far from my nose, and damn me if it's not getting all thick and heavy again. I can't resist an opportunity like that, so I push myself up onto my elbow and suck it in. He's still pretty soft, but I don't care. I don't think I could get it up either, I just want to taste him and feel his dick twitching with pleasure against my tongue. He moans and strokes his fingers through my hair while I suck him and after a while I feel a few twitches that aren't anywhere near my mouth and start to stroke myself. I figure he'd probably like that. I just wish I'd had the chance to find out for sure.He pushes me away after a while and I flop back on the bed, figuring he's had enough, but he drops down over me, his dick sliding wetly against my cheek. I turn my head and take it into my mouth while he does the same for me.We'd done pretty much everything during the night, but not this. It feels wonderful. Slow and easy and sweet as sin. Even when I realize I ain't gonna come, I don't want it to end. Dean shivers suddenly, and a thick dribble of cum slips down my throat. He pulls away before he collapses beside me, which is just as well because otherwise I'd probably be crushed.After a while I wriggle around so we can kiss again. Somehow it's become a goodbye kiss before I even know it. I sigh. He sighs and strokes my face. "This sure was nice, Ace." For the first time he says it properly."It ain't my name." I don't know why, but I want him to know that. From the look on his face it's no real surprise to him. "I'm a cop. I was working undercover with the Mountie, him and your sherrif's brother." "So what's your real name?" He tweaks one of my spikes. It's kinda wilted so I don't mind too much.I could tell him Ray Vecchio, but actually, I'm getting kinda sick of having another man's name. Sometimes I wonder who I really am. "Ray Kowalski." Like an idiot I stick my hand out and he grins as we shake. "Chicago PD.""I gotta go now, Ray." And he slides off the bed. This time it's for real. I watch him as he starts dressing. "Room's free till one, if you wanna sleep.""Yeah, thanks." It doesn't take him long. Not nearly long enough. His bag's already packed. He puts on that cowboy hat and slings the bag over one shoulder, bat over the other. "You like baseball, Ray?""Sure I love it." He's looking at me like he's trying to tell me something. Then I get it. "You gonna be playing for the Hawkeyes next season?"He shrugs. "Maybe… 'less that Yankees scout comes after me."We both know that ain't gonna happen. Maybe, if he was the genius at baseball that he is between the sheets… "Cool. I could maybe come down, catch a game or two.""Maybe." He grins. "Might even get the coach to let you play, after that home run you pulled off last night.""That was a fluke." Not that I'll ever admit it to anybody but him."I know." He winks at me. "See ya next season."The door closes quietly behind him and I stretch and yawn. Too early, I decide, and roll over so I can smell him on the sheets as I drift back into sleep. Maybe, if I'm lucky, I'll dream about next season.

Karl and Dougray meet at the clubplayers only. backdated to beginning of September. in London.
Sitting in a corner booth, his legs stretched out along the bench, Karl takes another sip of beer and pulls out his mobile. Meet me at the club, he texts, contemplating the scene in front of him - thigh-high leather booted mistress bringing a crop down on her boy's arse as he drags his tongue over her heel - before adding Now, the message sent with a press of his thumb.
Dougray is in his office and on the phone when the text comes through, his computer screen blooming with multi-colored fountains of data. "Right. No, the lesser strain seemed more virulent in the minority population," he says, and glances aside at his cell. "Yes. And with the experimental medicine, even the placebo group..." his voice trails off and he does a delayed double-take at the text message. Now. He sits frozen for a moment, till a voice in his ear shocks him back into reality. "Yes. No. Sorry," he says, and shakes his head. "Look, something urgent has just come in. I'll need to ring you back." He hangs up on his colleague's surprised protest and reads the text again, making certain it says what he thinks it says.
Then he stands up and grabs his keys.
Karl has a rough idea of how long it'll take Dougray to get here and while waiting, he bides his time watching the mistress and her boy, the boy's back and arse covered with stripes from the crop, his face a mess of smeared make-up from both tears and cleaning her boots. Hard as hell, he slides a hand between his legs, adjusting himself through his jeans and glancing at his watch again. His plans multiplying as he waits.
It might have been record time, except for the snarl of traffic halted a block away from the Citadel. Grinding his teeth, Dougray hands the cabdriver fare plus tip, and with quick thanks climbs out of the car. He sprints the last of the way, thankful that London isn't too horribly muggy today. Still, when he arrives at the concierge's desk he takes a moment to catch his breath and smooth his hair out of his face. Then he enters the primary public play area, just off the bar, and quickly scans the room.
He finds Karl easily - interesting how, when 99.8% of the room is relegated to mere background noise, the person you are interested in just leaps right out at you - and sets his briefcase under the table. "Sir."
Karl looks at his watch. "You made pretty good time."
Dougray shrugs, but he's secretly pleased as he slips out of his suit jacket and hands it to a waiting serving boy. "It seemed important," he says, taking his seat across from Karl and loosening his tie.
"It is," Karl nods, then gestures at Dougray's clothes. At his shirt and tie and perfectly pressed trousers. "Keep going." Motioning for the server to stay right where he is.
There's only a tiny pause and then Dougray obeys, pulling his tie free of its knot entirely. He stands again, his fingers flying along the buttons of his Forzieri shirt. Soon he unbuckles his leather belt and slips his smoke grey trousers down his legs, taking a necessary moment to step out of his socks and shoes. It's not long before the attentive server's arms are full, and Dougray is stark naked, standing before Karl wearing nothing but his at-work collar.
His groin tightening throughout the show, Karl nods his appreciation. "Beautiful," he says, then crooks a finger at Dougray, beckoning him closer. "On your knees, boy."
"Sir." It's a murmur through the barest hint of a smile, and Dougray goes to his knees with the grace - finally - of long practice. Fuck yes. He'd be happy for Karl to call him away from work for this anyday.
Now the finger gets crooked at the server, the young man bending to give Karl his ear. And then he's straightening. "Yes, sir. I'll be right back with your key and those items and I'll have these," nodding to his armful of clothes, "taken up to your room."
"Good. Thank you," Karl says, watching the lad go before returning his attention to Dougray. "Hand on your cock. Nice easy strokes, boy."
Hard already from mere anticipation, Dougray fists his hand around his dick and slides down, then back up, almost a teasing caress. His eyes are fixed on Karl, the shape of his mouth, the wicked light in his eyes.
"That's it. So... did I interrupt anything with my orders?" Karl asks, eyes flickering between Dougray's hand and face.
"Just work." Dougray shrugs, and cracks a grin. "Amazing how that's become so much less important to me these past couple years." His breath hitches suddenly, a hard shudder of pleasure rushing through him.
Karl laughs then softly groans, watching the pleasure wash over their boy's features. Christ. The server returns just then and he takes the items from him, setting them on the chair beside him.
Dougray's eyes widen, taking in the detail of plug, clamps, cock sheath... perhaps his mind is playing tricks on him, but that thing looks painful, even from this distance. He sighs in anticipation, excitement building in his chest. Doubtless, he'll soon know for certain.
"Spread your legs wider," Karl orders, watching Dougray's reaction, the way their boy's eyes linger on the sheath. "Ever had one of these used on you before?" he asks, picking it up.
"I don't believe so, Sir." Dougray widens his stance and sits back on his heels, his hand jerking once in its smooth rhythm when Karl lifts the sheath.
"Good. You can stop stroking now."
Sinking his teeth into his bottom lip, Dougray stifles a moan. But he does as he's ordered, closing his hand tight around the base of his prick.
"Good boy," Karl says, his smile turning downright wicked as he wraps the sheath around Dougray's cock and does up the buckle, drawing the leather tight, but not too tight, around the already swollen flesh.
"Oh Christ." The thin studs on the inside of the sheath are sharper than they looked, biting like tiny venomous teeth. They're also effective; after a moment Dougray pulls his hand away, no longer on the imminent verge of climax.
Karl grins, eyes sparkling. "Like that?"
Dougray shudders out a surprised breath, then half-heartedly shrugs. "Apparently," he says, with a bemused smile. Well, at least he's consistent in his perversions.
Karl laughs. "Now the clamps," he says, motioning Dougray a little closer again, fingers rolling each nipple into a rigid nub before fastening the clamps into place.
By the time Karl draws back once more, Dougray can't help a soft whimper. The pain in his cock is mild, only hinting at agonies to come. But the clamps are a delicious tease and his body clenches tight around nothing, aching to be filled.
"Turn around, boy. Head to the floor," Karl orders, his jeans tightening again at the whimper.
Oh god. Those words. That voice. Dougray moves to obey, and by the time his forehead is pressing to the chill floor his cock is fully engorged-- and yes, there's that agony he was thinking of.
Enjoying the sight just the way it is, Karl takes his time in lubing up the plug. "You look good like this," he says softly, casually. "Your hole nice and wide open, waiting for something to fill it..."
Yes, exactly, Dougray thinks, and even in his head there's almost no sarcasm. He really has made progress. "Please," he whispers. He won't dare ask for Karl himself, not when his Sir obviously has plans in mind. "Please, Sir. Need something."
"Yeah?" Karl grins. "How about this?" Teasing the tip of the plug against Dougray's hole.
Without thinking Dougray moves, reflexively trying to get more, deeper. "Please," he says again, a little louder this time, and consciously fixes his form once more.
"I don't know," Karl murmurs, circling Dougray's hole with the tip. "I don't think you sound nearly desperate enough."
Now Dougray whimpers loudly -- much as he hates hearing that sound from himself, he's rather gotten used to it. His ass clenches convulsively, trying, but Karl doesn't let him get off so easy. "Please, Sir," he begs, letting the last of his self-consciousness slip away. His cock leaks, a bead of precome catching on the leather sheath. "Please, Sir, fill me with something!"
"Good boy," Karl murmurs, the need in Dougray's voice going straight to his cock. Christ. He slowly pushes the plug in, twisting it deep and then deeper until the base is snug between Dougray's cheeks.
The plug is not small. Then again, neither are Dougray's sirs, so this at least he's had some practice for. He breathes a sigh of relief mixed with want once the plug is fully seated, and clenches tight around it, sending sparks of lust up his spine.
"You like that, don't you?" Karl murmurs, taking Dougray's balls in hand and gently kneading them.
In reply Karl gets a strangled moan; but really, what did he expect-- asking questions and touching like that at the same time? "Yes," Dougray manages to gasp. "God yes, Sir. I like that."
"And this?" Karl asks, roughening his massage.
Now Dougray just whines, clenching tight around the plug. The teeth of the cock sheath are biting cruelly into him now, tiny sharp pinpricks that just light him up and make him want even more. The sensations are overwhelming and he feels himself slipping down until there's nothing to ground him but Karl's touch, his voice.
"Good boy," Karl says softly, gripping the base of the plug and twisting it slowly out to the tip as he works Dougray's balls in his hand, his own cock throbbing, aching at the noises Dougray's making.
"Sir," Dougray gasps, his forehead pressed against the chill floor, his hands in fists at his sides. He can't quite help the subtle rocking motions of his hips. "Ohgod Sir, please."
Karl smiles his wicked smile. "Please what? Use your words, boy."
Dougray grinds his teeth into his lower lip, and tries like hell to focus. "Please," he gasps again, clenching tight around the plug when Karl seats it deep once more. "Need... more. Something. Anything." Something to push him off this edge of perfect agony, one way or another.
"And if I want to keep you like this?" Karl says, sitting forward in his chair, his hand wrapping around the sheath and squeezing tight. Determined to see just how much Dougray can take.
Oh god now that hurts, and Dougray gasps at the needle-sharp pricks in his flesh. But really, can there be more than one answer to that question? "Yes, Sir," he breathes, steeling himself, determined. "For you."
"Good boy," Karl says, smiling, releasing his hold on Dougray's cock and running his hands over his cheeks, spreading them to see his hole gape around the plug. "Such a fucking slut," fingers teasing the already stretched flesh.
Shuddering, Dougray whines. Aching is a point he passed a while back, but the wicked torment of Karl's fingers makes him clamp rhythmically around the plug, hungry. "Yes, Sir," he whispers, "your slut."
"Damn right," Karl murmurs, nodding, hands stroking over Dougray's perfect skin. Fuck. "Mine." Ours. The correction coming automatically but with no place here, right now. He slaps one cheek and then the other, hard enough to make them redden. "Get that hole up there," he growls. "I want everyone to see how fucking eager you are."
The slaps are unexpected, another surprise flash of arousal, and they make another droplet of precome pulse from Dougray's cock. He spreads his thighs wider, bowing his back and feeling heat creep along his body as he displays himself shamelessly to the room... although perhaps not entirely without shame.
Christ. Karl has a key for a room but having Dougray here, like this, in front of everyone else... He adjusts himself through his jeans, edge of his hand pressed hard against his cock, tamping down the arousal as he keeps slapping Dougray, alternating between cheeks a good dozen times before striking the base of the plug.
Just a few seconds of slapping and Dougray's body is moving, rocking with each of the strikes. But that last smack drives the plug in sharply, and Dougray yelps. It's good that Karl told him to get his ass up higher; otherwise he'd be humping the Citadel floor by now.
"Christ, you look good like this," Karl murmurs, running his hands over the slightly warmed skin. But it's not enough. Not yet. Not even close. He returns to spanking Dougray, the slaps getting harder and harder as he focuses on one cheek and then the other.
Ohh Christ. Dougray could come just like this, he realizes suddenly. The sharp bite of the cock sheath has become almost familiar, just another welcome element of his lust. His nipples are throbbing in their clamps, his blood pounding. He clenches rhythmically around the plug, trying desperately to fuck himself with it, and the driven focus from Karl just makes him sizzle. "Sir," he manages to gasp in warning. "Sir, I'm close."
"Then I guess you'd better get up," Karl says, sitting back, his hand already aching as much as his cock.
It takes an instant for the order to sink in, and then Dougray pushes to his feet with a whimper. His hands clench into fists and he consciously relaxes them, turning to face Karl, linking his fingers together at the small of his back.
"Uh uh." Karl shakes his head. "Did I say for you to turn around, boy?" Getting to his feet himself. "I want you over that table there," he says, nodding towards the one behind Dougray. "Arse in the air, legs spread as wide as you can get them."
Tension instantly floods Dougray's body at the realization that he's erred, but Karl's next command reassures him a bit. And bending over to put himself on display again - nipple clamps bumping the table, thighs spread wide - sweeps everything from his thoughts but sheer mindbending lust.
"Good boy. Now I'm going to take this plug out and when I do, I want you to hold yourself open," Karl says, fingers playing, drumming over the base. "Keep yourself open and you'll get my cock. Let your hole close and you won't even get the plug back. I'll just take you upstairs and come on your ass."
Instantly shifting position, Dougray lays his cheek on the table, the cloth smooth and cool beneath his cheek. He reaches back and grips his asscheeks, spreading them wide, and his breath hitches in anticipation.
Karl unzips his jeans, frees his cock and rolls a condom on. He grasps the end of the plug and slowly twists it free of Dougray's hole, watching as his boy keeps his grip on his cheeks, his hole kept gaping. "Good boy. Keep it open."
There's a full-body shudder, and then, "Yes, Sir." Dougray's voice is hoarse with need now.
Wrapping his fingers around his cock, Karl teases the tip into Dougray's hole. Just into it. Rocking his hips a little.
Dougray groans loudly, so far beyond the point of giving a damn what any of the other guests see or hear... or think. "Sir, please," he begs, and even he can hear the desperation in his voice. "Sir, please, I need you!"
Fuck. It's that very desperation that has Karl giving in, has him sinking his cock in right to the root, then pulling out to plunge deep again.
"Yes!" Dougray's shout is hoarse, edged. Karl's drive shoves him against the table - god he hopes that vase isn't crystal - and his grip on his ass nearly slips until he scrabbles frantically and holds himself tighter.
"Careful, boy..." Karl growls softly, slowing right down.
"No, Sir," Dougray gasps, "I mean yes, Sir." Funny how intellect just escapes right out the window at times like this.
Karl chuckles and starts thrusting again, harder, faster, the incredible soft heat of Dougray's body making his head swim.
It's all Dougray can do now to just take it. His world narrows to his slippery grasp, his body sucking hungrily at Karl's cock. And he is so close, god, so fucking close, overloaded and overwhelmed and dizzy with sheer sensation. "Sir...."
Karl smiles, a downright wicked smile. "Beg." Cock throbbing violently at the need in Dougray's voice.
Dougray stifles a desperate whimper. Forget the cock sheath, the clamps... this is where Karl's ruthlessness truly shows. "Please, Sir," he gasps, knowing it for a mere warm-up. "Please!" The word bursts from his lips at an explosive thrust. "Please, Sir, let me come!"
"Not even close," Karl growls softly, pulling out completely before slamming back in. "Try again, boy."
Oh fuck, is this one of those trick question moments??? Dougray's mind races with sudden panic. "Please, Sir, come in your boy," he begs, changing tack. The condom feels weird and he hates it, but still... "Please let me feel you taking your pleasure from me."
The change gets another wicked grin from Karl. "Good boy," he says, proud of Dougray even if it wasn't what he'd had in mind. "My good boy," he murmurs, thrusting once twice and again before coming so hard his teeth fucking ache with it.
And even through the condom, Dougray can feel it, and the excitement - knowing how well he was used, at the very least - nearly sets him off. He clamps down, shuddering, and manages another soft plea. But he knows deep down that even if Karl chooses to leave him like this, he's still smug with satisfaction already.
"Go ahead, boy," Karl orders, bracing one hand against the table and wrapping the other around the cock sheath and squeezing. "Come for me." Figuring if Dougray can manage, he sure as hell deserves it.
"Fuck!" Dougray actually shouts with the pain and shock of it, and it's only a second later that his brain catches up. And then - fuck! - the unexpected permission overwhelms him. He might get punished but that's a worry for later-- no bloody way can he keep from slamming his hands against the table when his climax roars through him, leaving him hollow and hoarse.
"Good boy," Karl murmurs, grinning and groaning as Dougray's body clamps down tight around him. By all rights, he should punish him for moving his hands, but given how well Dougray did with everything else, he's willing to let it slide. "How's that feel?" he says, still stroking Dougray's cock through the sheath until the last of the aftershocks shivers through him.
Dougray whimpers and jerks in response, collapsing onto the table. "Think I'm going to fall over," he manages to mutter, grateful for Karl at his back.
"I'll help you upstairs," Karl says, quickly and efficiently removing the clamps from Dougray's nipples. "You want to take the sheath off?" he asks, easing out gently and disposing of the condom. He doesn't think he can reach it from this angle.
At this point? Desperately. Dougray's hand shakes as he fumbles at the buckle, and the little teeth feel like skewers on oversensitized flesh before he gives up and uses both hands. The cock sheath falls to the floor and Dougray reaches back to wrap his arms around Karl's waist, pulling himself up and close.
"Hey," Karl says softly, just holding Dougray for a few moments, letting his boy ground himself and catch his breath. "Love you," he whispers, kissing his shoulder. "And I'm so fucking proud of you."
Dougray doesn't know when last he was so bloody exhausted. Hell, he's not even certain what day it is anymore. "Love you, Sir," he whispers, and turns his head to softly kiss Karl's cheek. "Take me to bed?"
"Yeah," Karl murmurs, smiling and nodding. "As quickly as I can get you there."

josh wasn’t sure what tyler seen in him.

tyler was infatuated with him, all big smiles and soft hellos coinciding with the sweet tone of his voice. he looked at josh as if god had chosen him specifically to sculpt and model, his own project. he looked at josh as though his eyes held the answer, to what though, tyler wasn’t quite sure. he looked at josh with such need and want that even when they were tangled in each others arms, a flurry of broken moans and curses silenced by calloused hands, he still wanted more.

“i don’t deserve you, i’m broken, you need someone strong.” josh explained, his voice hoarse and fingers shaking.

“you aren’t broken.” was all tyler replied, tightening his arms around his boyfriend, slowly hushing them both to sleep.

josh didn’t deserve tyler, he knew he didn’t. tyler begged to differ, constantly reminding him on his dark days - the days he would curl into himself and weep, fucking weep for himself, trapped in some sort of hurricane of self pity that he couldn’t quite get himself out of - that he was worth it, that he was beautiful, that he loved him. what josh didn’t know, though, was that tyler was hiding his own secrets. the man that had such love and happiness in his heart for josh and the world in general, was in fact, the most broken out of the two. it started when tyler was explaining the concept of the ski masks to him:


josh felt a ripple of worry flow through his blood when tyler explained ‘they represent that sometimes, we hide behind masks, who we are inside isn’t what we show on the outside.”



the way tyler spoke that sentence with such passion, such a visceral tone of experience, really worried josh.


the second thing that josh noticed, was one night on the tourbus. the night was falling over the city and the faint light emanating from the moon was enough for josh to just about make out tyler’s face.


“are you....are you crying?” josh whispered, unable to move from either shock or sadness, he didn’t quite know.

tyler turned over on the bed, making sure to keep quiet for the rest of the night.

there were many more times josh noticed things he didn’t want to for fear of his own sanity, he couldn’t stand to see tyler like this, he didn’t want someone he loved going through so much pain, the reason for the pain being something he wouldn’t even tell josh about.

“how do you think i feel when i see you cry?” tyler droned, his eyes blank as he brought his knees up to his chest and blew out a shaky breath into the cold air. josh didn’t know how to respond, he felt guilt bubble up inside him, he’d gotten angry, had an outburst and because he’s a stupid asshole decided to shout at tyler, shout at him for being sad, who the fuck shouts at someone for being sad?

“i don’t wanna see you do this to yourself, it hurts me.” josh remembers himself screaming, the stars that tyler used to see in his eyes manifesting in the form of tears, spilling down his cheeks.

“i’m sorry.” was all tyler replied.





“i’m sorry.” josh turned his head to look at tyler, tyler simply nodded, keeping his gaze in front of him as the cold air changed his breath into white clouds of fog. a silence befell the two, as they leaned against their tourbus, knees brought up to their chest, their minds were working at a 100 miles per hour. it may have been silent, but inside their heads it was a fucking orchestra of ‘he’s gonna leave you’s and ‘tell him you’re really sorry’s.

“i love you.” tyler broke the silence, his voice still barely a hush, gaze still kept firm in front of him. josh looked over at him, scooting closer and snaking his hand with tyler’s, his eyes looking to see what tyler found so interesting out in the scenic landscape of the snowy city.

“i love you too.”

things got moderately better, neither josh or tyler really knew how, but it just did.


“trust me, i’m okay.” tyler reassured josh for what seemed like the hundredth time that night, josh smiled, planting a soft kiss to his lips.


things got better, but at the same time they didn’t, because tyler was fucking lying.

josh was soon to find this out when he walked into the tourbus to find tyler, no, what used to be tyler, strung up on the ceiling fan. josh fell to his knees, he felt his air leave his lungs and his fucking bones ignite something similiar to as if they had just been hit with a hammer. he started gagging, squeezing his eyes shut, not daring to look up at his boyfriend who was now no longer here. he had to though, he had to look, he had to make sure this was real. it’s like when people say you shouldn’t look at car crashes, well this was a fucking car crash, the car crash of tyler’s sanity, his logical thinking, his love and laughs and ‘i love you’s. josh managed to stagger to his feet, stumbling slightly and sending the stuff on the countertop crashing to the floor, he walked over to where tyler’s body hung and untied it, gagging once again as tyler’s limp body lay in his arms and he realised this was real. that’s when the screaming began, full, loud, fucking gut wrenching screaming as he fell to the floor, face buried in tyler’s chest as he shook him, willing him to come back to him, to not fucking dare leave him here on his own.

it was a few months later - a few drunken months of 'please come back, please, i need you, i love you, i fucking need you tyler!"  - that he finally worked up the courage to go back into the tourbus.



that was when he found the note:


“You were right, you didn’t deserve me, you deserved so much more.”


Inuyasha stormed into the cave. He was dressed in a gold-colored, sleeveless garment that managed to only just cover his mid-thighs. His current attire lacked a proper back. The garment was held up by the hole snugly around Inuyasha's neck.

Tamatoa looked up at the noise in surprise. Ha and the half-demon had been in a steady sexual relationship since soon after they had met. Seeing Inuyasha so scantily clad made lust pool in the crab's eyes. Of course, anything the half-demon wore could trigger Tamatoa's sexual appetite.

“What are you wearing?” Tamatoa asked, trying to sound close to laughter when, in fact, he wanted nothing more than to rip off the poor excuse for clothing.

“Kagome called it a ‘virgin killer sweater’. She thought it would be funny to switch it out with my kimono while I was bathing.” Inuyasha answered grumpily.

Trying to make it look as if he was being finicky about his treasure instead of looking for one artifact in particular, Tamatoa responded, “A ‘virgin killer sweater’, you say? Well, it 
    does
   make you look quite...ravishing.”

Quickly deducing what was going on in Tamatoa's mind, Inuyasha exclaimed, “Is there anything that
     doesn't
   turn you on?”

Chuckling, Tamatoa replied, “Mm, concerning
     you,
   mon chiot, I would think not. That outfit odd quite appropriately named.”

Inuyasha, rolling his eyes, remarked, “The Crown of Namuh is in the rowboat on your shell.”

“Hmm? Oh, 
    that's
   where we left it? Thank you.” Tamatoa replied again, gently gripping Inuyasha snugly around his waist with a pincer and picking him up.

Inuyasha snorted but did not respond. Tamatoa’s antennae combed through his hair, making sure to rub his delicate puppy ears. At the half-demon's pleasured moan, Tamatoa grinned. His cherished half-demon was
     very
   easy to please, given you know his erogenous zones.

Grinning wickedly, Tamatoa leaves in to allow the tip of his tongue to graze Inuyasha's inner thighs. Inuyasha gasped and then groaned even Tamatoa licked higher. The crab almost laughed when he noticed that Inuyasha was already hard with his ministrations. Instead, he slid one of his antennae to Inuyasha's lips.

Understanding, Inuyasha allowed the antenna to enter his mouth. The giant crab had to bite back a moan of his own even Inuyasha began sucking. The two knew all too well how to work up the other in a pleasured frenzy. As Tamatoa gingerly licked at Inuyasha's manhood, Inuyasha added moans and groans along with his sucking which almost made Tamatoa lose his concentration.

A tap to the roof of Inuyasha's mouth with the antenna signaled that the crab wanted to move on to better things. The soaked appendage was brought between Inuyasha's legs. Inuyasha stiffened when the antenna touched his soft entrance. No matter how many times they did this, he still felt weird allowing anything to touch him there.

“Relax, mon chiot. I don't want to hurt you.” Tamatoa soothed as his dripping antenna nudged at Inuyasha.

Shuddering, Inuyasha complied. Slowly, Tamatoa's antenna slid inside him. A gasp alerted the crustacean that he had grazed the half-demon's prostate. Tamatoa flicked the appendage inside Inuyasha, earning a loud moan.

“As much as I enjoy seeing you writhe and squirm, I think it's time we move on to the main course.” Tamatoa commented after a few minutes, withdrawing his antennae and placing the pleasure-filled half-demon back on the ground.

Without any more preamble, Tamatoa reached for the artifact he had been looking for earlier. The Crown of Namuh had the power to give its wearer a human's form. As long as Tamatoa wore the Crown, a ruby necklace in its transformed state, he would possess the form of a human. A flash of light shone when Tamatoa placed the Crown upon his head and he stood in human form before the panting half-demon.

Before Tamatoa could move, Inuyasha was kissing him. Rolling his eyes, Tamatoa returned the hungry kiss. The transformed crab's nimble hands slid under Inuyasha's clothes to cup his bottom. The fingers of one hand slipped easily into Inuyasha's loosened hole.

Inuyasha groaned, “Quit teasing, damn it!”

Tamatoa chuckled and replied, “Good things come to those who wait, mon chiot.”

Burying his claws deep in Tamatoa's lush, black hair and pulling his head tho the side, Inuyasha growled, “ Either you fuck me, or I fuck you! Which is it going to be?”

Well aware that Inuyasha could be rough when riled up too much and allowed to top, Tamatoa sighed. He pushed Inuyasha onto his back. Satisfied he would get relief, the half-demon raised his hips to expose his hole. Shaking his head, Tamatoa quickly spat into his hand, rubbed it onto his own hard cock, braced it against Inuyasha's puckered entrance, and pushed.

Inuyasha gasped as he was breached. Tamatoa slowly slid his length inside of the half-demon beneath him until his balls were rested upon Inuyasha's bottom. As they waited for Inuyasha to adjust, Tamatoa leaned down to capture Inuyasha's lips with his. Tamatoa tended to be a gentle and generous lover.

That, of course, didn't mean that Tamatoa didn't like to be rough. He did, he just didn't believe in fucking hard and fast from the beginning. Good sex, to the transformed decapod, was an art. And it was one he was good at.

A tap to Tamatoa's shoulder let him know that his partner was ready for him to move. Gently, Tamatoa began to thrust in and out of the half-demon below him. Inuyasha gasped and moaned shamelessly. Soon, Inuyasha was moving his hips to Tamatoa's rhythm.

Tamatoa growled in Inuyasha's ear, “Ready to be mounted like a bitch in heat?”

Inuyasha nodded, panting. Tamatoa pulled out of the half-demon. Inuyasha rolled over onto his hands and knees. Tamatoa thrust hard into the upturned bottom before him.

Just as he had promised, Tamatoa’s thrusts were harder and faster than before. At this angle, Inuyasha's prostate was hit again and again. Within minutes, the half-demon cried out in climax. The tightened channel of Inuyasha's ass was all Tamatoa needed to join him in blissful spasms of pleasure.

Both tumbled to the ground, exhausted. Through all of this, Inuyasha's attire had remained intact. Inuyasha and Tamatoa reveled in the afterglow. Inuyasha scooted closer to his lover.

Tamatoa huffed a laugh. The first time they had sex, the transformed decapod discovered that the half-demon liked to cuddle right after. Of course, Tamatoa was the same way. Obliging, Tamatoa embraced his lover snugly.

Once his heartbeat was back to normal, Tamatoa said, “Inuyasha?”

“Hmm?” Inuyasha returned.

Tamatoa requested with a smirk, “Don't ever get rid of this sweater.”

Inuyasha glared at Tamatoa. Before Tamatoa could blink, the half-demon swatted his shoulder. Tamatoa laughed. In retaliation, the transformed crab rubbed Inuyasha's ears, soliciting a moan.
Chris Sky walked towards the park in Salem, feeling lost, embarrassed and stupid. The mistake he had just made. Paul Narita had been an incredible boyfriend to him since they hooked up back in March. And he had let it all go, ruined it all by letting his feelings slip at the worst possible moment.
Sonny Kiriakis had agreed to meet him there to talk. Sonny was the man Chris had loved for over a decade, since they were both in high school. He thought he was over Sonny, but as it turned out, his heart ached without him. Paul was a great guy, so understanding, and he was always there when Chris needed him, but he couldn't fill that Sonny-shaped hole in Chris's heart.
He thought back to how this morning had begun: laying naked beside Paul with Paul's big, muscly arms wrapped cozily around him. For a moment everything felt right. It felt like heaven. And now it was all over. Chris had betrayed Paul's trust. And he knew he may never get it back.
His eyes lit up when Sonny walked into the park as well. But Sonny had known Chris for a long time, so he knew when something was wrong with him.
"Hey, buddy", Sonny said, "You look sad, what's going on?"
"Paul broke up with me", Chris said sadly.
"What? Why?" Sonny asked, putting a hand on Chris's shoulder.

"Well, it's a really embarrassing story", Chris giggled.
Paul and Chris kissed tenderly as they stripped each other down. This wasn't the first time they had sex but to Chris it always felt like Paul was teaching him something new every time.
They made eye contact for a moment before Paul gently began to palm Chris's cock through his boxers. Chris's head fell back and Paul went to work, kissing and sucking at the skin on Chris's neck. Chris's hands reached around and began rubbing an caressing the cheeks of Paul's bubble butt. Paul giggled at this and then they began to grind their hips together.
"Fuck me, Daddy" Chris whispered, his eyes half open.
This caught Paul's attention. Chris had never called him Daddy before. Paul slowly eased Chris boxers down as he continued to slowly kiss him. As they kissed, they fell back on Paul's bed. Chris watched Paul as he reached over to the bedside table and grabbed a bottle of lube and a condom out of the drawer.
As Paul prepared Chris, he could tell Chris was nervous. "Chris", Paul said softly, "Chris, look at me"
Chris's gaze met Paul's. "Relax, baby".
Chris steadied his breathing slowly and stared into Paul's eyes as Paul began to push into him. A small whimper from Chris encouraged Paul to keep going.
Once Paul was all the way inside, he covered Chris's lips with his own. "Paul", Chris whispered, "Please".
As Paul stimulated Chris's special spot, a brief split second of Chris and Sonny making out months ago played through Chris's mind.
Chris tried to make that image go away, but as Paul brought him to orgasm, Chris could hold on no longer.
The word that escaped Chris's lips as he came nearly tore Paul's heart from his chest:
"Sonny!"

Sonny stared at Chris with his eyes widened. "You--you were thinking of me?"
Chris was so embarrassed, his eyes filling with tears. He had his face in his hands.
"I'm so sorry, Sonny!" Chris said, "Please don't hate me and tell me that you never want to see me again!"
"Hey, hey, it's okay", Sonny said, taking Chris's hands in his own, "You don't have to be worried. I don't hate you. You're one of my best friends and I know you've loved me for a long time. You have nothing to be sorry about".
When Sonny hugged him tightly, Chris could feel his heart begin to pound. Sonny's hugs were so warm, the sweet scent of his cologne. Chris couldn't control pressing a quick kiss to Sonny's cheek.
Sonny giggled, "I guess I'll let that slide this time".
Approximate length: 1 hour
Download available: You can download the mp3 or m4b here

Be sure to leave feedback for the author here!


Title: Control
For: Apple Cameron (WWToYT)
Fandom: Seven Days
Warnings: Angst and non-con.  Yes, that includes some sexual scenes.
Summary:  Everyone wants control.

Frank Parker roused slowly, his vision blurred and his mouth full of the metallic tang of his own blood.  He fumbled with the straps on autopilot, moving through his post-back-step routine without conscious thought - evacuate the module, assess the local situation, sound the Conundrum alert, save the world...
He paused, listening.  A scrabbling sound outside the module was just audible on the edge of hearing.  Unlocking the last of his restraints, he pulled his gun from its holster and eased the hatch-lock into the open position.  The geometric shape burst from its anchorage with a gassy hiss.
Eyebrows arched high in a familiar face as he took a step back.  "Woah, man!"
Parker exhaled sharply, then relaxed as he identified the other man.  "Donovan?"  Looking past his old friend at the gaggle of sphere technicians, he took in the familiar sights of the hangar.  "You mean I finally landed one?  Score!"
Donovan smirked.  "In a manner of speaking."  Parker didn't have time to react as Donovan took a heavy tool from one of the technicians and brought it down expertly across the back of his head.

He awoke to a white world of pain.  He was no stranger to the medical facilities of the Backstep program, but even so, it took him several moments to acknowledge and identify what was wrong with the picture.  It was the little things - a slightly different pitch to the quiet beeping of that doohickey in the corner whose purpose he never truly understood, a slightly different cast to the light the seeped in through the half-open door.
Devil's in the details, he thought to himself as a momentary distraction from the bite of the too-tight restraints that bound his wrists and ankles, and the dull heavy throb at the base of his skull.  He looked around, craning his head as best he could, but the room was empty of people.  He began to pull at his restraints, testing the fit, looking for weaknesses, for an escape route.
Donovan...shit.  The memory of his old friend knocking him out replayed over and over in his mind as he struggled to escape.  One detail caught his mental eye, and he paused to reassess the memory.  Major...not Captain.  This Donovan wore the insignia of a Major.
The slight squeak of rubber soles on linoleum snapped his awareness fully back into the present.  He tilted his head, knowing it was useless to try and feign sleep.
"Holy shit!" he cursed in recognition.
The man stood silhouetted in the doorway a moment longer, but Parker knew that the bastard was smirking at him.  Stepping fully into the room, the shape resolved itself fully into the form he knew.  However, this man was in no way familiar to him.  The Nathan Ramsey he knew never carried himself so gracefully, so lethally, and would never, ever, be caught dead in those clothes.
Parker coughed and resettled himself into his restraints.  "Geez, Ramsey.  Black leather at your age?"
The smack of the crop against his shins had him bucking more in surprise than pain.
"Mister Parker," he said softly.  The voice was familiar; the tone was not.  Parker felt a slow trickle of fear run down his spine.  "We need to have a little talk."

The outer door to the secured medical facilities snicked shut.
"Well?"
Ramsey spat in disgust and tucked his crop back up into its accustomed position under his arm.  "We could probably flay him alive and he wouldn't tell us a damn thing."  His voice dropped as he snarled more to himself.  "Arrogant son of a bitch."
Donovan chuckled.  "Some things never change. The more you hit him, the stronger his mental defenses will become."  He grinned, showing white teeth.   "Very Newtonian.  Every action has an equal and opposite reaction.  Yes, if the sphere pilot is a Parker, then he's a challenge to break."  His smile changed into something more predatory.  "Good thing we like a challenge, isn't it, Nathan?"  Ramsey kept his eyes firmly fixed on the wall over Donovan's shoulder.  Donovan reached up, grabbed Ramsey's chin, and jerked his face around so their eyes met.  "Do you have a problem?"
Ramsey's eyes flashed a momentary challenge, but then his posture drooped in submission.  "No, sir," he ground out through clenched teeth.
Donovan released his jaw and patted Ramsey on the head, like a dog.  "Good boy," he added, enjoying the way Ramsey shuddered as he bit down on a snarl.  "Now go to the monitor room."  He leant forward to whisper in Nathan's ear.  "I want you to watch."
Donovan watched Ramsey walk stiffly up the corridor, then turned and used his thumbprint to unlock the door.  Undoing a button on his uniform shirt, he schooled his features into a mimic of open friendliness, and strolled into the room.
He paused and leaned against the frame of the inner door.  Ramsey was an expert in his chosen field - it was one of the reasons why Donovan tolerated his eccentricities - and Parker had received his full attention.  Bruises were already blossoming on his exposed skin, and the greenish hospital gown was speckled with his blood.
He deliberately twisted the toe of his boot on the floor, creating a squeak that had Parker flinching ever so slightly before he fixed defiant eyes on his newest visitor.
Donovan smiled.  "Hey there."
"Fuck off."
"Geez, man, chill."  The look Parker shot him was pure venom.  Dropping the `friend' act, he walked over and took a closer look at the damage.  Nathan was right to snarl at the idea of him alone with their guest - he knew Donovan's tastes.  As he had countless times before, Donovan admired the form under the damage.  He licked his lips in anticipation and wondered how much he could do to the bound figure before he broke.
They always broke, in the end.  Then he would have to throw out his toy, and go find a new one.
He ran a gently finger up one arm, from the wrist restraint to the shoulder, then swirled it across Parker's chest, running across both nipples under the thin gown, before pulling his hand back the way it came.  He did not miss the grimace of disgust and pleasure mixed into one that crossed the bound figure's face.
Donovan snorted to himself.  This toy wasn't going to last long at all.  But he would be fun nevertheless.

Parker shuddered as the stranger in his friend's face ran a single finger over his body.  "What the fuck do you want?"
The answering smile caused his heart to freeze.  "You.  Your sphere.  It's power cells.  The codes you contain.  All of the above."  Donovan leaned over until his face filled Parker's vision.  "I think I'll take the first.  The rest will follow on from there."
Parker spat in his face.
Donovan smiled, and making sure Parker was watching, he used his fingers to brush the spit off his face.  Then, slowly, he slipped the fingers one by one into his own mouth and sucked them clean.  He grinned inwardly as Parker's eyes widened.  Too easy, he thought to himself.
"That was very naughty, Frank.  Do you want me to call Nathan back in here?"  He leaned down, until his face was inches from the other man's.  "He wants to flay you alive, you know?  But I know you're a reasonable man.  I'm sure we can come to an...an agreement."  He held himself still, just out of range, as Frank bucked, pulling the restraints to their limit.
So predictable.  But still interesting, nevertheless.
"Finished?  Good boy."  Grinning, he darted down and pressed a quick, hard kiss to Parker's lips.  Shock seemed to stop Parker from reacting until Donovan was well-clear again.  Donovan wondered if Parker knew he licked his lips, or whether it was just an automatic reaction to his being kissed.
"So, where to begin?"  He let his eyes roam over the battered body under the thin hospital gown, not bothering to disguise his intent.  The thin gown and expanse of exposed skin failed to disguise the way muscles shifted under skin as Parker fought not to squirm under the scrutiny.
"Shall we start with your mission?"  They had already cracked the codes on the data pellet he carried, but Parker had no way of knowing that.  This would be a good test.  Only once Parker was brought under his heel would they move on to his main goal, the activation codes.  After that, well...
But Parker stayed resolutely silent.
Donovan smiled, reached out and pinched one of Frank's nipples through the thin fabric, digging his sharp nail cruelly into the skin.  This time Parker's back arched off the table before he fought and won back his control.
"Silence isn't one of your options, Frank."  He rubbed the abused skin smooth with his thumb.  "Neither is lying.  Just so you know."
"Don't...leave a guy...a lot of options," Frank managed to spit out.
Donovan smiled and let the hand on Frank's chest drift lower.  "I can see we're in for a long night."

Parker swallowed hard, the thudding of his heartbeat loud in his ears.  This bastard wearing Donovan's face had not spoken for several moments.  Instead he was just watching, eyes roaming freely over his body, like they were memorizing terrain.
Frank was more unsettled than he'd care to admit, even to himself.
The first touch was more like a caress, the slightest ghosting across the hairs of his arms.  Frank closed his eyes, and forced himself to think of anything else than what was happening to his body.
His eyes snapped back open as Donovan applied pressure against the edge of the large bruise on his upper bicep.  He exhaled sharply as Donovan began to drag a heavy finger around the periphery, sending sparks of sensation up and down the limb.
"No running away, Mister Parker," he almost purred.  "I want you to keep me company.  Tell me about your Backstep program."
"Go to hell," Frank snapped out.  In response, Donovan placed his thumb in the middle of the bruise and squeezed.
"That wasn't very nice, Mister Parker," he responded evenly.  The thumb released, and was replaced by a smooth stroking motion.  Despite himself, Frank felt the muscles in his arm and shoulder muscles start to unclench.
Silence filled the room again as Donovan continued his strangely tender ministrations.  Working down the arm, he moved over the restraint and began to stroke each of Parker's fingers separately, before jumping down to begin to touch and stroke Frank's thigh.
Frank closed his eyes as the touches became more personal, more sensuous.  "You do this for everyone, or just your special guests?" he asked sarcastically, looking for anything to distract him from the light, sure fingers that were stroking down the lines of muscle in his leg.
A chuckle was his only reply.  Focussing on his breathing, he tried to think of other things - anything - to distract himself from the patterns Donovan was tracing onto his bound, bare legs.  To help him ignore the growing warmth that was pooling in his groin.
Donovan's fingers had worked their way down to the soles of his feet, tracing around every bruise and cut Ramsey had created.  Frank's breathing became more ragged as Donovan worked up and down his feet with his nails, creating a sensation that teetered on the border between pain and pleasure.
"Do you like that, Mister Parker?"
Frank gritted his teeth, keeping silent.  This tactic earned him a gentle `tsk' from the other man.
"What did I say about silence?" Donovan said mildly.   Standing at the base of the table to which Frank was strapped, he leant forward and stretched, running his hands up the entire length of Parker's spread and bound legs, ending with his hands splayed intimately around the curve of flesh at the very top of his legs.  Strong fingers began to dig and press into the skin, playing on the pressure points.
Frank was horrified to feel his penis twitch in response.  He screwed his eyes shut and tried to call to mind every horrible, anti-sexual image his brain possessed.  His attention was snatched back by a low chuckle, breath puffing against his legs.  Instinctively, he opened his eyes and looked down as far as he could in the restraints.  Seconds later, he pressed his head back into the restraints, suppressing a groan as a warm, wet tongue began to lick and rasp down the sensitive skin of his inner thigh.  The mental image of the dark head between his pale thighs reverberated around his skull.
Donovan continued to lay light, feathery kisses and soft nips down one leg and up the other, before moving to taste his way across Parker's stomach.  Despite the fact that neither mouth nor hands and come close to his dick, Parker felt himself begin to harden.  Damn it, no.  Not now, he thought to himself fiercely as he struggled to get control over himself.
The warm wet trail continued upwards, pushing aside the hospital gown before it, exposing more and more skin to the cold room.  Parker knew it was coming, but still was unable to control a shudder when the mouth latched onto his bruised nipple.  Nerve endings were misfiring all down his chest as his body struggled to react to this new, gentle stimuli so soon after being beaten.
In the restraints, his hands clenched into fists.  The feeling of his nails biting half-moons into his palm only added to the cacophony of sensations.
The mouth on his chest resumed its upwards movement.  One heavy hand landed on his forehead, pushing his skull into the headrest.  He opened his eyes to see the face looming above him.  The mouth was curving into a smile even as it descended to kiss his unresponsive.
He felt a single tear roll down the side of his face as he felt a hand finally close around his dick, stroking hard to bring him to an unwanted completion.  As the brief spasms of orgasm subsided, the mouth released him.  He panted for breath, cursing himself for his weakness.
He refused to open his eyes again.  The voice, when it spoke from somewhere above his head, was flat.  "I own you, Parker.  Never forget that."

Donovan walked out of the medical suite, wiping his hands clean on a green towel.  As he expected, Nathan was waiting.  He could tell just from the furrow of Nathan's brow that he was not happy.
Donovan smiled.  "I suspect that one has quite a story to tell as to how he got to pilot his timeline's Sphere," he observed, grinning inwardly as the furrow deepened.  "He's tougher than the rest.  More resilient, better at coping with things that are beyond his control."
Nathan's fingers twitched as he caressed the stock of his crop.  "But we need what he knows about his Sphere.  We're so close to finishing our own, we can't afford to waste any resource that we can collect.  So what are we going to do with him?"
Donovan walked towards.  "Give him back control," he said simply.  "For a little while.  Come with me.  And bring me your pet."

Silent, unseen vents moved cold, stale air around the room.  The currents stroked against abused skin, soothing welts and cuts, raising goosebumps.
The padded restraints prevented Parker from curling up into a foetal position in defense against what this place was going to throw at him next.  He wondered, in that part of his brain that never stopped ticking, what exactly had gone wrong to bring him here.  Wherever - whenever - here was.
A tiny noise, little more than a mousy squeak, sent him hurtling back into his immediate environment.  He jerked his face around to the only door, searching desperately for this latest threat.  Two terrified eyes shining out of a pale, boyish face stared back.
Parker couldn't help the small cry that escaped his lips as a jolt of recognition passed through him.  "Hooter?"
The young man crept a little way further into the room, almost cowering behind a trolley.  His worried eyes kept being drawn to the ceiling and the corners of the room, as if afraid he was about to be swooped on and devoured.  "F-ff-frank?" he stuttered out so quietly that Parker had to strain to hear him over the background hum of the facility.
Frank nodded, unsure of where this latest known but unfamiliar associate was going to try and take him.
"T-they're coming to kill you.  W-we've g-got to g-get you out."   Darting across the room hunched almost double, he began to work on the nearest wrist strap.  As soon as he had managed to unthread the strap, Frank pulled his arm clear and began working on the other as Hooter moved to until his feet.  Standing, Parker stopped and swayed as his body tried to reclaim his balance after countless hours strapped to his torture bed.
Cloth was being bundled against bruised and broken skin, and he hissed in pain and surprise.  "D-dress.  So you w-won't look so-so suspicious."
"Why are you helping me?"  Frank kept his voice low and pitched not to alarm the terrified boy.
"T-there have been others...other F-frank's.  T-they always tried to help me.  T-time I returned the f-favour," he stuttered out painfully.  His head whipped around as voiced echoed through the empty door. "C-come on!"  He tugged at Frank's wrist.
Wincing as Hooter aggravated sores created by the restraints, he followed him out of his chamber and into a short, brightly lit corridor.  Scuttling down to the other door, Hooter opened it, looked out left and right, then gestured frantically for Frank to follow.
Frank panted after Hooter as they dashed down seemingly endless twists of corridor.  Sometimes he heard voices of people passing nearby, but never saw anyone else. Finally, they came up to a heavier security door.  Opening it with even more care and suspicion, Hooter took several glances around before waving Frank through.
As they ducked behind a convenient pallet piled high with unidentifiable objects, Frank took in the familiar terrain.  But one object in particular held his attention - the silver, scorched sphere that sat like a jewel in the very middle of the hangar.  It was connected to a battery of computers and diagnostic equipment, and several thick cables, intertwined with coolant tubes, were plugged into the Sphere as well.
"T-they're t-trying to get it ready to l-launch," Hooter whispered in his ear.  "T-this is t-the first t-time th-they've managed to get a Sphere so intact."
"Fuel?"
Hooter pointed meekly at the thick hoses, glinting with condensation.  "From all the other Sphere's th-they've caught."
Parker grinned.  He knew if Olga was here, she'd want to run tests and create models, try to figure out exactly what lead him to this place as a way of figuring out how to create the reverse trip.
Frank just wanted away.  And if it fucked with this place's bastardized version of Donovan, then so much the better.
"Can you get me in there?"
Hooter's eyes were as large and round as his namesake's.  "W-why?"
Parker just grinned and slapped his shoulder.  "Cos I don't belong here.  You said you wanted to help me - can you help me get into my Sphere?"
Hooter nodded slightly.  "It s-shouldn't be locked, the t-technicians have been in and...I c-could disconnect the fuel lines...let you g-get a c-clean startup...."
Parker squeezed the painfully thin shoulder under his hand.  "Good.  Thankyou."  He tossed a look around the hangar to make sure no-one was near enough to catch them before they made their goal.  "Ready?  Go!"
Waiting long enough to see Hooter disappear into the shadows in that peculiar running crouch he favoured, Parker turned and forced himself to stroll casually across the hangar floor.  The clothes the kid had stolen for him, combined with an attitude that just screamed that he had every right to be there, might be enough to help him hide in plain sight until he reached his goal.  He resisted the strong urge to run away, to smash this hellhole to bits, to scream.  He had to keep moving.
Nothing to see here, he repeated to himself like a mantra as he sauntered up the metal stairs and around the Sphere.  As Hooter had predicted, the hatch was opened wide and several thin electronics cables showed where diagnostic tools had been plugged into slots on the Sphere's console.  Hoping he wasn't setting off any alarms, he ripped them out and took his seat.  A thud and clunk he felt through the seat told him that the lines had been disconnected.  Go Hooter!  Glad some things never change.
It felt strange, having ungloved fingers type in the activation sequences and security overrides he needed.  But he pushed all other concerns to the side and forced himself to focus as he wrapped his hands around the stick.  Anywhere, even dead, was better than here. Time to go.
The building whine of the Sphere's power-up hiccuped, faded and died.  Jerking forward, Parker wasted only a second taking in the blank, dead screens before he hurled himself out of the cramped confines of the cockpit.  What was moments ago an empty hangar was now swarming with people - jumpsuited technicians and armoured guards.  He tried to fight, but the beatings and his fatigue sapped the strength from his punches, and too soon he was on his knees on the grating, his arms locked into position by two burly guards.
Shiny boots stepped into his line of sight.  There was only one bastard in this hellhole of a timeline who would have boots you could see your reflection in.  "Hey, Ramsey..."
The boots weren't just shiny, he reflected a moment later as he spat blood from his mouth.  They were also steel-capped.  Strong hands twisted into his hair, and pulled at his head until he was forced to look up.  Ramsey's snarling face was inches from his.  "Thankyou for the activation codes, Mister Parker.  Your cooperation in this matter won't go unrewarded.  For one thing, I'm not gonna kill you where you stand."
The hand holding him up abruptly let go as Ramsey took a step back.  "Get him on his feet."  As the guards hauled him upright, he looked up, ready to spit blood at the bastard.  The scene that greeting him stopped him cold in shock.  Hooter had reappeared, and was kneeling by Ramsey, his hands behind his back, his face down.  As he watched, Ramsey absent-mindedly ran one gloved hand over Hooter's hair, like a man patting his favoured pet.  "Good boy," Ramsey purred.  "For this you will get a treat."  Hooter leaned into the touch adoringly, and Frank felt his stomach curdle all over again.
Ramsey looked up again, and his face twisted into a cold parody of a smile.  "You two.  Take our guest to Major Donovan's private quarters.  Strip that uniform off his carcass and make sure he is properly secured."
He stepped forward, his voice quieting.  "You seem to have caught the Major's attentions, Parker.  But don't worry. When he's finished with you, I'm sure we'll be able to have share quality time ourselves.  But in the meantime..." he looked Parker up and down, opening appraising and dismissing what he saw.  "I think I'll just watch."
He jerked his head and the guards pulled Parker roughly through the door.  Even as he kept himself alert for an opportunity to escape, Frank cursed his own stupidity.  The guards dragged him before a heavy steel door.  It was opened for them, and he was dragged inside.  When he saw what was inside, Frank stopped cursing.
He started praying.
~fin~


Perhaps if it hadn't been for Barry breaking his second mug that morning, simply because he'd decided, for whatever reason, that he was going to be difficult (Tom knew it was because Robbie was up the mainland with Bert, and had been since last night, and Barry didn't like it one bit. And nor did their father, for that matter.)
Anyway, the way Albert had looked at Barry as his tea spilled all onto the floor had been enough to send him shoving the bench back that he and Tom sat on, nearly causing the two of them to lose their balance. They struggled for a moment, Tom didn't want to leave, knew it would just make it worse if they left now, but the way Barry's eyes caught his, upset and exasperated and absolutely furious on the surface of it all made him relent, and he ducked his head so that he didn't have to see their father's face as the two of them escaped the kitchen into the misty morning sun.
Their father called Barry back, but Barry didn't listen and neither Tom nor Albert had expected him to. The long beach-grass cut into their bare feet as they scaled the dunes, both of them scrabbling on all fours once or twice to best the sand that determinedly tried to pull them back down.
Tom waited, just moving along with him in silence, wishing he'd eaten his breakfast faster so that he wasn't still hungry as Barry practically dragged him across the stony beach to the little wooden jetty where the boat bumped gently against the edge of it, which was wrapped round and round with rope which had been there so long that sea-plants Tom couldn't name grew thick on it.
"Barry," Tom finally said just before they passed the jetty, grabbing onto his brother's arm and setting his heels in the sand. Barry jerked to a halt, but refused to look at him, as though he'd been the one to get angry. They stood there in silence for almost a minute, Tom watching his brother look out over the water. It had only been in the last few years that Tom noticed that their faces were different. At eleven something about the set of Barry's jaw had changed, and Tom knew it had to do with that thing in his head, that thing that talked to him, but now, at sixteen, it was more than just the way he held himself, more than just the set of his mouth, it was something else. His features were sharper now, than Tom's were, his cheeks hollowed and something much too serious about his eyes. The way they were sometimes very pale, and far away. He might have been jealous, that Barry had been the one to lose the childishness first while his face still maintained that boyish softness, if he didn't think that it made Barry look… what was the word?... It made him want to wrap his arm around him tighter, pull him closer. It made him want to protect him, but he knew Barry hated that.
"Barry," Tom said, kicking at the sand, drawing his name out in annoyance, and finally his brother broke from that stiffness he'd been holding and let out a sigh that was far too upset for what had happened in the house, so Tom knew that it couldn't have just been that.
He glanced up, and Barry's eyes were red. He was struggling not to cry, and Tom's stomach knotted. He hadn't cried for years now. Not since they were just eleven and he'd told Tom the horrible things that It was whispering to him when he looked so far away. He'd thought Tom would be angry, but he hadn't been. It had scared him, sure, but he knew, had always known, that it wasn't Barry fault.
Barry glanced at him and, too full of stubborn pride to wipe his hands over his eyes his eyes wandered over the water and the jetty, and what they could just see of the feather through all the fog coming in off the sea. Tom's fingers tightened around Barry's arm.
It was almost a relief when he moved forward, finally, and began to untie the boat from the dock. "Barry—wh—Barry's we're not supposed to," Tom said, leaning over with him because he had to.
He weathered the disgusted look that Barry threw his way, inches from his face. Tom sighed, and tried to stop his hands.
"Don't!" Barry said, clawing him off, hands connecting hard with is shoulders, but not shoving him.
"S'just gonna make it worse! Da's not even—This'll make it worse," Tom said, even though he knew it wasn't about that at all.
"I don't care! I don't care what Da' thinks or, or you. I hate you, I wish you weren't my brother!"
The outburst startled them both and Tom felt the jetty reel strangely under him for a moment as though the sea had dislodged it, even when it hadn't. Barry had never said that to him before. Not right out, and he himself had never played with it, that fragile place between them that was filled with frustration and bitterness and the shameful knowledge that this, as they were, it was unfair.
Barry was staring at him, eyes wide and startled, but not close to tears anymore. Almost dazedly he turned away and began untying the boat again and Tom didn't stop him. He barely noticed as the two of them clambered into it and Barry shoved hard away from the dock. Neither of them moved for the paddles at the bottom, their feet in the shallow rainwater from last night, their jeans soaking through from the dew on the seats. The boat was weighted down at their end because they had to sit together.
Tom just stared down at the waves as they lapped against the side of the boat as Barry diligently picked a splinter out of the palm of his hand. The tide was out, and slowly they floated away from the shore, wave by wave. This didn't scare them. Never had. They didn't understand the ocean so much as the water was a home to them, just as much the marshes. Getting lost out on the ocean was never something that had frightened them. It wasn't as though they would ever be alone.
Slowly the shock of what Barry had said stopped twisting and writhing in his chest and his belly. He knew he hadn't meant it. But he also knew that it had been all Barry saying that.
It was when his brother shifted that he knew that he was sorry. His foot slid up against Tom's in the water at the bottom of the boat, and then it was his hand, fingers of his left hand touching Tom's left arm.
"Didn't mean it," Barry mumbled, his face tilted down, lower lip thrust out a little in a sulk, and suddenly, unexpectedly, he was angry. Angry at him for saying that, when he himself had gone sixteen years without saying it once… so he didn't say anything.
He felt his brother's body lean up against him, fingers more insistent now, sliding over his forearm which Tom tensed at the contact. "Don't," Barry murmured. "Don't be like that, I didn't mean it…" He could feel Baz's eyes on him, expectant and, he knew if he looked, a little worried. "…I'm sorry," Barry finally said. "Tommy-"
Tom finally shrugged his shoulder and turned towards him, his head still lowered. Barry was the only one who ever called him that, and it always did something—it always made him want to be close to him no matter what stupid thing Barry'd just done.
He reached up and shoved him, not wanting to make a big deal of it. He knew the anger would go away. It always did. "What's wrong with you?" he asked, and he sounded like he was teasing, but he wasn't
Barry lowered his eyes. "Dunno… I—everyone's always—m'always doin' somethin' wrong."
Tom couldn't deny that. He knew that Barry knew that he always got attention that way. He knew that Barry did it because when his talking and touches didn't work, it always drew someone's eyes to him, and Tom knew why he did that too, but he didn't want to think about it. That thing in his head… Barry sometimes said it was like he wasn't there at all when It was there… he wanted to make sure that there was always someone thinking about him, touching him, talking to him… because that meant that he wasn't alone. That meant that it couldn't get to him. Not fully.
But he couldn't tell Barry that. Barry knew anyway.
"You're not always doing somethin' wrong," he said, and he knew Barry was listening to him even though he pretended he wasn't, looking back out across the ocean to where the house was just visible through all the mist.
He leaned forward and pressed his head against Barry's chest where he could hear his heartbeat, his arm tightening around his narrow waist, and they sat like that for a moment, their bodies rocking with the boat. Barry sat very still until Tom tugged at him again, and finally he felt his brother's face in his hair.
"Sometimes maybe it'd be good to go somewhere jus' me'n'you," he said, and Tom could feel his lips against his hair, but Barry didn't pull away.
"Hm," Tom said, non-commitally. He shifted and sat up after a moment, after the tension had faded from Barry's shoulders and Barry caught his eyes as they both pulled back. He looked sad and Tom didn't know what to say to make it better… he didn't want to be around him all day, moping like he was. He darted forward to kiss him on the cheek, playfully. They used to when they were little, and it had always made Barry laugh until their Da' started telling them to stop it when they were nine or ten.
He hadn't expected Barry to turn his head, and their lips brushed and Tom pulled back slowly, uncertain, because that had never happened before. It was Barry's impish grin that made him realise what that had been. Da' didn't like it, them kissing each other on the cheek, so why not take it up a step? Barry was angry at Da', and he was going to get him back. It was childish, but Tom understood. He smiled a little crookedly, his eyes still a little uncertain, but he didn't have much more time to think about it because suddenly Barry's mouth was on his again and his fingers gripped the seat of the boat.
It felt good, strangely, it was intimate and close, something neither of them was a stranger to and oh, Barry had sucked Tom's lower lip into his mouth, then kissed him again, but it had sent a jolt straight between his thighs, but Barry wasn't giving him time to think. He never did. His tongue was in his mouth, tasting like tea and toast and something just— like Barry.
It was clumsily, but they were doing it now because it made them feel—it was better than an apology in words for what Barry had said, it was closer than that, it was solid, physical proof that he hadn't meant it. And it was all right until Barry sucked at Tom's tongue, and his hand slid around to the inside of his leg, just over his knee, to keep from sliding away from him on the wet seats.
Tom pulled back suddenly as the front of his jeans tightened and the boat pitched too far to the right, both of them grappling at something to correct the balance before they fell into the sea. It wasn't summer yet, and the ocean was bitter cold.
The oars clattered at the bottom of the boat, and both boys were frozen, Barry gripping the inside of Tom's thigh and the other side, while Tom held onto his side, and the seat. They caught each other's eyes and burst out laughing because they knew they'd looked foolish. The boat was still rocking precariously and suddenly Barry's mouth was on Tom's again.
"Mm, wait," he said, aware, again of the fact that he was hard. Barry cocked his head at him. "What, I thought—it was nice, wasn't it?" Tom glanced down. He hadn't meant to, but Barry followed his eyes and he blushed red. He didn't look at him, but he heard that smug little breath of a laugh, and "Bloody hell, Tom,"
"Shut up," he said, but nothing more. He chanced a glance upward and he didn't like that look of growing determination on Barry's face. He looked too serious. And he was stubborn as a bloody mule. Tom cast desperately for a change of subject before his brother got any ideas, but he couldn't… couldn't really think of anything but the fact that he was hard and that—oh God the fact that suddenly Barry's hand was between his legs, warm through the fabric and pressing up against him.
"Barry!" Tom said, and Barry looked up sharply. "No, c'mon," he said, and then his fingers were undoing Tom's trousers.
"Barry—Barry, no!"
"Why not?" he asked, and Tom both hated and envied that perfectly reasoning tone he'd adopted. "S'not like anyone can see us. Anyway, I've seen it before,"
"But-"
"It'll be better than doing it yourself. Haven't you ever wondered what—like—what it would be like for someone else…?"
Tom knew that Barry knew he had. They'd talked about the girls in the magazines Robbie sometimes brought home.
"But-"
"Shut up," Barry said, pulling his hand away, but Tom's jeans were undone now. "D'you want me to or not?"
Tom swallowed, not looking at him. He shifted uncomfortably, but not because it was Barry, but because now he was thinking about it, and that made it worse. Barry touched the inside of his leg again, and waited.
It took a moment, but Tom finally nodded and, expertly, as though he'd been doing it for ages, Barry slipped his hand underneath the waistband of Tom's shorts and began to move it over him slowly. Tom had shut his eyes, but he always knew when Barry was looking at him.
The strokes became shorter and quicker and he heard Barry's breathing quicken, felt how fast his heart was beating against his arm.
"Ba—Barry, I'm gonna—I'm—wait,"
"Shh," his brother whispered, his chin on Tom's shoulder, and Tom came. It wasn't like when he did it himself, and it took him a moment to recover. Barry pulled his hand out and leaned over him dunking it into the sea.
When he pulled back, he grinned at him, shaking his hand dry absently and Tom leaned forward and kissed him again, almost gently this time before he did his jeans up again. They were quiet for a moment, neither of them saying anything, both of them looking down at the water in the bottom of the boat which was reflecting the sky.
"Did you want-?" Tom began, but just then the sky opened up and it started to pour. It was cold, and they both gasped with shock and grabbed for the paddles, laughing as they clumsily tried to fit them into the rings on the boat, already soaked to the bone.
The tied it to the dock, feet slipping on the wood of the jetty and ran for the house, bursting inside dripping and getting sand everywhere.
Albert Howe appeared in the doorway and Barry's laughter ended abruptly. Both boys straightened up, but the man was holding back a smile, they could see it. Tom felt Barry relax next to him. "Go upstairs and have a bath before you two catch your deaths," he said before disappearing into his study and shutting the door.
"Yes sir," Barry whispered in a vague mocking tone, and Tom snorted with laughter, and together they headed upstairs, quiet again. They were always quiet in the house.
It was funny how it wasn't awkward, it wasn't strange at all when Barry's hands slid over his cheeks when they reached the bathroom. Or how it felt perfectly normal, the two of them laughing quietly – everything funnier now that they had to be quiet as they undressed and Tom's fingers brushed gently against him, hearing the breath rush out of him in a startled little rush. Their eyes met, and twin grins flittered over their faces before they both became serious again.
It was like a game, somehow. The two of them standing in the bathroom while the water ran, unchecked to their right, feeling the press of Barry's chest against his as he touched him the way Barry had touched him in the boat, both of them breathing little laughs because they knew it was supposed to be embarrassing, but it wasn't embarrassing, but they'd always liked that, in a way…
When it was just them, together, and everything between them was so clearly understood.
Eddie shook hands with the producers of Venom. Eddie took a seat and started off, “Reporter Eddie Brock here, reportin live off the set of the sequel to my very own movie. So you recently came under fire for making Venom PG-13 and while that decision proved to be successful, you teased Carnage in the end credits.”
One of the producers shot back, “Well Eddie, as usual it would have been nice to not fucking tell the audience that, since not everyone has seen the first movie yet. I mean it literally just came out last month and we’re taking enough creative risks by releasing a sequel within the same year, but fuck it.” Eddie chuckled, “Just doin my job, douchebag.”
Eddie redirected, “Well anyways, due to his explicitly violent nature, there’s no way to correctly depict Carnage’s character without changing the franchise to an R rating. What are your thoughts on this?” The other Venom producer replied, “You know what? When you hear Venom…forget Venom.”
Choosing to continue his disgusting rant, the producer explained, “When you hear, Carnage, the only thing you can think of is R. But, if you know his story, if you really know the comic, there’s no R here.” Eddie turned his attention to a surprise guest, “Carnage?” Carnage stepped forward and asked, “Yeah?”
Eddie said, “Fuckin kill them.” The producers scream as Carnage opens his fangs up and bites into them. Arterial blood spray pampers the screen until it’s drenched in red. Eddie exclaimed, “Now that’s how you make a Carnage movie!” Carnage asked, “What did it cost?”
Eddie tragically remarked, “Everything. But at least we care and picked up a comic at least once.” Carnage lectured, “And caring is half the battle. Knowing your material is the other half.” Eddie replied, “You’re goddamn right, now suck my dick.”
Just as the camera is beginning to pan, Eddie notices his watch, “Oh, shit! Time’s up everyone! That’s all for the Eddie Brock Show and remember to check out the next movie based on me called Nightcrawler 2. It’s all about a self-publishing reporter who kills his own celebrity special appearances and makes them the cover story for his news articles, which is in no way true. And don’t forget—”
CARNAGE— RATED R FOR ALL THE WRONG REASONS! COMING SOON TO EAT MPAA CENSORS NEAR YOU!
Hector had to admire Magneto for even contemplating using the Golden Gate bridge as it was the perfect way to get the main group of mutants across the bay to Alcatraz, but mostly he admired him for realizing his limits and accepting help from other mutants.
As the sun set over San Francisco, the Dark Phoenix walked on the far side of Magneto while Claude stayed well back on the other side, somehow managing to put plenty of space between himself and the beautiful yet terrifying Class 5 mutant so he could not absorb her abilities or attract her attention. He saw Magneto cast a glower at Claude for refusing to let go of Hector's hand even though it meant Claude was absorbing more of Hector's molecular abilities than Magneto's metal-bending skills. The glare moved towards Hector and Hector did not need to be a mind reader to guess what thoughts turned in the old man's head but neither he nor Claude felt threatened enough to break the promise made to each other to stay close. Magneto would simply have to deal with it.
Cars were pushed to the sides of the center span as if made of paper rather than metal, leaving a clear path for Magneto's mutant army. They stopped at the far end of the span, and then Magneto raised his hands again with Claude copying his motions while the Dark Phoenix merely tilted her head, a smile playing across her lips as she looked on in semi-amusement and interest.
Hector almost dropped Claude's hand when the bridge began to move, feeling the shake beneath his feet as the center span snapped at both ends and rose into the air, moving across the bay, high above the water until it could bridge the gap between the mainland and Alcatraz Island. Abandoned cars dropped off its broken ends like ants off a torn twig and Hector tightened his grip on Claude's hand in exhilaration, knowing his powerful lover was doing this, was bending metal to his will along with Magneto.
The end of the bridge crashed down upon Alcatraz as the sun finally set.
Magneto ordered them to stand and wait, which suited Hector just fine. They watched the start of the battle from the sidelines as rank after rank of low class mutants fell beneath a hail of bullets filled with the serum created to 'cure' mutation.
"That's why the pawns go first," Magneto yelled above the sound of battle, seemingly uncaring as the first rush of his army fell beneath the onslaught with Magneto unable to disarm the soldiers who were using plastic guns. Arclight stepped forward and the plastic shattered beneath the shock waves produced as she clapped her hands together.
With the soldiers rendered defenseless, the next wave of mutants attacked but this time Claude held them both back from joining the rush, staying on the bridge behind Magneto.
"No," Claude stated softly, his voice melting through Hector at a pitch that only he could hear and, moments later, Hector understood his reluctance as another group of mutants entered the fight...but for the other side. Magneto sneered, ordering more of his army into battle but Hector could see that the lower class mutants were no match against these X-Men, being used only as a distraction while Magneto sent his high class mutants in to perform other tasks.
Hector stepped forward as the X-Men attacked, only to feel Claude tighten his grip upon Hector's hand.
"This isn't our fight, remember."
And Hector felt a moment of shock because he had forgotten. He had become too caught up in the mayhem and destruction played out before him to recall that they had made a pact to stay back and distance themselves from the infighting between mutant and human, except Hector had his doubts now. The 'cure' seemed to work instantly, stripping away the mutant abilities from those hit and making them wholly human and, for the first time Hector knew real fear because, like Magneto and the vast majority of others fighting on Magneto's side, he didn't want to lose his molecular abilities. He didn't want to lose the feel of heat dripping from his fingertips, firing through his veins and igniting him from the inside out.
But what of Claude? Those weeks apart after the initial attack in the prison, no matter that this attack had turned to passion, had given him time to discover Claude's history of violence towards mutants, and his seemingly deep seated desire to be wholly human. Yet, if Claude wanted to become human then they were standing on opposing sides of the mutant equation.
He glanced sideways at the handsome profile, recalling the burn of soft lips against his skin and imagining a life without that heat. Swallowing hard, Hector realized that he could live without the fire and passion in their coupling; he knew he could control himself even in the throes of orgasm but he ached inside at the thought of never again experiencing the freedom of letting go so completely, of letting the flames consume both of them as they drove each other to pure ecstasy where every single cell of his body was on fire with lust and desire for this one man.
He felt a mind touching him, probing him and looked across the width of the bridge to where the Dark Phoenix stood watching him with her head tilted in interest. Her eyes shifted to Claude and her smile grew a fraction as Claude crushed Hector's fingers and gasped as if in pain. Before Hector could react, she turned away and Claude slumped a little as beads of perspiration tracked down his face from temple to chin.
Claude turned swiftly, tugging on Hector's hand as he tried to drag him away but Hector held his ground until Claude looked back at him, hazel eyes almost glowing with fear.
"We have to leave...NOW!" He snarled between tight lips, eyes darting back towards the Dark Phoenix as her attention fell upon the battle between Magneto and the one Magneto called Wolverine. Suddenly Magneto was on the ground, several of the hypodermics containing the 'cure' embedded in his chest and his mutant powers destroyed, pleading his case to the Dark Phoenix...and all hell let loose.
***
The sharp stab of pain into his head was Claude's first realization that Dark Phoenix was being drawn into the battle. He'd already felt the press of her mind against his only moments earlier as she probed his thoughts and memories of Hector; sifting through the pleasure and pain of their two couplings with an almost unwholesome curiosity. She had drawn every detail from him; the lust and the need that had turned to love even though they had known each other for such a short time, reveling in his memory of Hector with his body aflame with desire, of the sheer perfection of burning with him.
He couldn't lose that.
As much as he might have yearned for the chance to cast away his mutant abilities only months earlier, now he couldn't imagine living without the heat and flames sparking between him and his lover; turning his blood to molten lava and igniting every nerve ending in a sensory overload that sent his mind and body soaring. And Claude knew from the thoughts she had ripped from Hector's mind that Hector felt the same.
Yet her mind probe revealed her confusion as she tried to comprehend the love that had transcended his earlier desire to kill any mutant who crossed his path...except for a single spark of recognition that almost rekindled the flame of desire in her own heart before it was snuffed out as soldiers fired upon her. She turned her wrath upon the soldiers, tearing into the world around her and Claude knew, without a doubt, that she would destroy everyone, including him and Hector. Stupidly, he had maneuvered them into a corner, unable to flee, and the fear of losing Hector left him with but a single option.
He crawled towards her until he was within range, pulling Hector along with him before dropping down behind fallen masonry, drawing upon her mutant power to throw a shield over them even as Hector's power protected their skin from the heat of her anger. It was barely adequate because she was far too powerful for him, unlike the lower class mutants whose powers he could absorb and amplify, but he knew it would have to be enough. He pulled Hector into his arms, hands shielding Hector's head that he had pushed against his chest, and with his own cheek pressed tight against the fine, baby-soft regrowth of hair, eyes squeezed shut in total concentration as the violence of her power raged around them.
At the moment his shield failed, he heard a cry of anguish and knew she was dead, and he felt only relief as Hector moved in his arms and raised his head, wondrously alive. He sealed his elation with a searing kiss as he murmured, "I love you, I love you", against Hector's lips.
***
They slipped away in the aftermath of the battle, heading south towards Mexico and from there into South America, leaving a trail of passion-fueled fires in their wake.
END
L.A. is the yin to London's yang: warm, thick smog and wide roads; bronzed pre-fabricated people and the gleam of novelty.  The city is young, as cities go, even American cities, yet seemingly lodged in some timeless era of American pop culture.
Simon thinks he's in love.  He gazes out the window of his hotel room, admiring the evening from twenty-three stories up, and unknots the tie he had to wear earlier to court the American network execs.   He hates the things, never wears them.  But there are things he hates worse.
He drops the tie on the bed and his jacket over the back of one of the chairs.  He considers changing into jeans but decides against it.  If Max's description of the place is accurate--and Max is never wrong, which is why Simon hired him--then he'll be fine as he is.
There's a car waiting for him outside.  It's late September and hot, even at this late hour.  He unfastens the top two buttons of his shirt as he opens the car door and slides into the backseat, tugging at his collar.  That, too, will be appropriate attire tonight.
The music as he enters the building is briefly deafening, until his ears adjust to the volume.  He gives his eyes a moment to adjust, too.  Beyond the entryway, everything is dark, broken with intermittent flashes of light glinting off the glasses at the bar and the bodies of the patrons.  It could be bright as broad daylight and he'd still blend into the crowd.  He's forgotten what it's like to go out in public--to a club, even--and not be recognized.  America is still unconquered territory.  For now, he thinks with a small smile.  He spares a thought for the network to which they pitched the show earlier.  Those poor bastards will be kicking themselves in under a year.  Someone is bound to get fired for passing them over.  It was sad, really, but that was show business.
He makes his way to the bar through the crush of people and orders a beer.  The music is something fiercely electronic that he doesn't recognize.  He can feel the bass pounding in his chest.  This is not his kind of music, but you can't very well cruise to Sinatra.
There are a few women here and there.  Simon doesn't mind them--in fact, he loves them--but that's not why he's here tonight.  It's become impossible to do this back home.  Going out, looking over his options, being able to choose anyone from a crowd of hundreds of guys--it's a luxury, one he can afford only here in the "colonies."
For now, he's content to nurse his drink in the dark, soak in the atmosphere, and watch the dance floor.  The men--most of them hardly more than boys, really--are invariably trim, muscled, and gorgeous.  He wonders how many of them are here in L.A. to be movie stars.  Probably not less than half, he guesses.  So much beauty ready to throw itself begging at the feet of fame.
He orders a second drink and turns around, and that's when he sees him.
The boy--he can't be more than 26, and at 42, they're all boys to Simon now--squeezes his way out of the throng on the dance floor and walks to the bar.  "Walks" really doesn't do it justice--"swaggers" would be more appropriate, perhaps.  His jeans leave nothing to the imagination.  His t-shirt is two sizes too small; as he turns around and leans back against the bar, he lifts the hem, revealing smooth abs and slender hips.  Simon watches, transfixed.  Blond hair in every direction, wide mouth, the kind of cheekbones most women would kill for, that slim but muscled body type Simon likes: a total twink.  He looks like L.A. itself, like the living male embodiment of Hollywood.  Simon thinks that if he's not already on TV, he will be.  That, or in porn.
Mr. Hollywood gets his drink and leans back against the bar again, shirt pulling tight across his chest. The sight of his throat as he tips his glass to his mouth and swallows makes Simon feel things he doesn't usually let himself feel, not when he's at home, anyway.  But here, where nobody knows his name or face, where he's completely anonymous, he lets himself feel.
Simon knows what it is to sense the weight of someone's gaze on him, and so does Hollywood, as he turns and meets Simon's eyes in the dark.  The spastic club lights flash across his face, alternately illuminating it and casting it into shadow.
The music changes and Hollywood smiles directly at Simon before tossing back the rest of his drink and wading back into the crowd.
Simon can still see him through the thick mess of other dancers, moving fluidly with the staccato notes of the song, dancing briefly with another man and a moment later against a woman.  His face has a slack, dreamy look; Simon considers what drugs he's likely taken tonight.  Whether his face will have that same look later, when he's sprawled naked on Simon's bed.
The song ends.  As another starts, Hollywood emerges from the dance floor once again, this time marching directly up to Simon.  As he approaches, Simon suddenly realizes how small he is; he can't be more than 5'9".
Hollywood stops in front of him, then leans in, smiles disarmingly, and over the thump of the bass shouts, "Do you want to dance?"
His eyes are pale--blue, maybe green.  It's hard to tell in the dark like this.  Simon takes another swallow of his beer.  "I don't dance."
Hollywood ducks his head, looks up at Simon through his eyelashes, and with a different tone, asks, "What do you do?"
There are many ways he could interpret this question.  Hollywood's eyes sparkle a little; his smile is mischievous and smug.  Simon can't help smirking back.  "I'm in the music industry."
At once, Hollywood brightens, instantly looking years younger.  "Me too," he says, and then he appears to catch himself, to shut down.  "Maybe we shouldn't talk about it," he adds, more soberly.
"Perhaps not," Simon agrees.  Unknown (for now) or not, this is Los Angeles.  And this is not that kind of club.  He is not that kind of guy.
The flirtatious grin comes back.  "Buy me a drink?"
Simon does.  He gets them each one, and they find a corner to be out of the way.  They lean in close to be heard over the music.
"You're not from around here," Hollywood says.
"No.  I'm just in for a few days.  Business."
"Business," Hollywood nods, the picture of understanding.  "You see much of L.A.?"
"No," Simon says.  "It's just been meetings.  I'd love to see more, but there hasn't been the time.  And I'm leaving tomorrow."
"That's a shame," Hollywood says, moving close enough to Simon that their shoulders touch.  "I'd love to show you around."
Simon takes a drink, feeling his face heat despite himself.  "I have time for you to show me a few things," he says mildly.
Beside him, Hollywood laughs.  "Where are you staying?"
"The London," Simon answers, and Hollywood half chuckles.
"That seems appropriate," he says dryly.
"I can get a car," Simon offers.
"Mmm," Hollywood agrees.  "Sounds good."
Simon pages his driver.  Beside him, Hollywood sways in rhythm with the music pounding through the speakers.  Simon reaches, wraps an arm around his shoulders, and pulls him close, and then Hollywood lifts his chin to be kissed.
His lips are soft, pliant, surprisingly tentative for someone who had been so forward just a few minutes earlier.  Simon cups his jaw, feels the soft flesh of an earlobe and the rough scrape of what will be stubble in a few hours.  He pushes further, sliding his tongue into the man's mouth ... and that's when Hollywood pushes back, without warning, kissing him hard and fighting him for dominance.  Hollywood's hand slides around the back of Simon's neck, angling him for better control.  Simon puts an arm around his hips, pulling him in tight, pressing their bodies together until he can feel the heat of the Hollywood's body all down his front.  All the way down.  Simon breaks the kiss.  "Outside," he says, leaving no room for argument, and then he turns for the exit, still holding Hollywood by the arm, practically dragging him along.
The air is cool outside compared to the stifling heat of the club.  He takes a moment to breathe it in and clear his head before he spots the car and points to it.  Simon glances back to make sure Hollywood is still with him; he is, following close on Simon's heels with his head ducked low.  Simon frowns momentarily, wondering if he's missed something about this boy, if maybe he's somebody in this town.  Or maybe he just wants to be.
They get into the car.  "The hotel," Simon tells the driver, who pulls away from the curb, a wordless response.  Hollywood leans heavily against Simon's shoulder, smelling of hair product and aftershave, and then his hand slinks behind Simon's head again and he steers Simon into another heated kiss.  Simon kisses back, pushing Hollywood into the plush seats of the car, back against the padded door.  Hollywood fights him, but only a little, nipping at his lips and pulling at the collar of his shirt.  His mouth is hot and soft and insistent, moving easily against Simon's, with no lack of confidence.  Simon likes this mouth.  He likes it a lot.  He likes everything else he can touch and see, too; he runs his hand from Hollywood's shoulder down his lean, muscled bicep, then crosses to his chest, hard and hot under the fitted t-shirt.  He works out.  Of course, this is L.A.
Hollywood does his fair share of groping, too, sliding a hand into the open collar of Simon's shirt while the other plays at the waistband of Simon's trousers, not quite unbuttoning, not quite slipping inside.  He breaks from kissing Simon's mouth to licking along his jaw, sucking hard at the pulse point on Simon's neck, a hot little vampire.  Simon hisses at the contact, just this side of the pleasure-pain divide, and digs his fingers into Hollywood's narrow hips.
Simon hears the driver clear his throat before he realizes that the car has come to a stop in front of the hotel.  He separates himself from Hollywood only with great effort, turning his head so he can't see Hollywood's flushed face and swollen lips.  He straightens his shirt, then reconsiders and yanks it down, trying and mostly failing to cover the front of his trousers.  He gives Hollywood a little shove towards the door and then follows him, handing the chauffeur an American fifty on his way out.
Hollywood strolls through the lobby like he belongs there, and Simon has another moment of cognitive dissonance, wondering if this is something all L.A. boys know how to do.  Simon follows him into the lift and presses the button for his floor.  They stand at opposite sides, Hollywood with his hands in the back pockets of his too-tight jeans, pulling them even tighter across the front, across the obvious outline of his cock.  Simon finds himself licking his lips, then stepping to the other side of the lift and licking Hollywood's lips instead.
They stumble down the hall to Simon's room, kissing all the while, which makes it difficult for Simon to get the key card into its slot--but he perseveres, and finally he's tumbling Hollywood through the door and into the shocking darkness of the suite.  He'd forgotten to leave a light on.  They fumble for a moment longer before Simon can find the switch and cast the room in a dull golden light.  Perfect for Los Angeles.  Perfect for Mr. Hollywood, who is rather golden himself, whose fingers are nimbly unfastening the buttons of Simon's shirt.  He works from the bottom up, and when he reaches the last button, he slides his hands under the fabric and pushes it over Simon's shoulders and down his arms.
Simon reaches for the hem of Hollywood's t-shirt but freezes when he catches Hollywood's flinch.  "What's wrong?" he asks, hands still hovering near Hollywood's waist.
Hollywood shrugs, a bit awkwardly, and then pulls the shirt over his head himself.  "Nothing," he says, and then leans in to press his mouth to Simon's again, skin against skin, so Simon runs his hands down the smooth hot surface of Hollywood's chest, around to his back to cup his ass, and forgets about it.
His hands slide easily into the back pockets of Hollywood's jeans and then inside, and suddenly Simon can't get them off of him fast enough.  He stops kissing long enough to find the button and zipper at the front.  Hollywood licks his neck and he nearly forgets what he's doing for a moment, then gets it together and gets the jeans down over Hollywood's hips.
"Bed," Hollywood whispers into his ear.  Simon doesn't need to be told twice.
They kiss, wrapped around each other, for what feels like hours, considering the time and the reason Simon brought him back here.  He doesn't usually do this with one-nighters, but Hollywood can kiss; he kisses with single-minded focus, as if kissing is what he was born to do.  They kiss even while Simon slips out of his trousers and pushes them off the end of the bed, even as Simon slides his fingers under the waistband of Hollywood's underwear and divests him of his last bit of clothing.
Simon rolls them over so that he's on top, with Hollywood beneath him, flushed and panting, and then reaches for the table by the side of the bed, grabbing a condom and the bottle of lubricant he'd set there earlier.  He drops them on the bed next to them.  Hollywood immediately goes still.
"What is it?" Simon asks.
Hollywood looks at the condom and lube.  "I don't--I don't fuck one-night stands," he says.
Simon hesitates, but only for a moment.  "That's fine," he says smoothly, "I'm happy to be the one doing the fucking."
"No," Hollywood says, shutting his eyes briefly and shaking his head.  "You know what I mean.  I don't, not on the first--not the first time.  It's dangerous."
"So is going home with strange men you meet in bars," Simon says.
"I can take care of myself," Hollywood says defensively, and while Simon inwardly scoffs I very much doubt that, he adds, "Besides--you're safe.  I can tell that you're someone who has as much to lose as I do.  But I still don't fuck on a first date."
Simon watches him very closely.  "All right," he says at last.  He picks up the stuff and drops it back on the bedside table.  If those are the rules, he can play by them.  Perhaps Hollywood isn't as L.A. as Simon first thought.
Hollywood looks contrite for a moment, and then he drags Simon back down for another soul-searing kiss, his mouth full of apologies, full of promise.  "I do other things," Hollywood murmurs against Simon's lips, nipping at him with bright white teeth.
"I just bet you do," Simon answers.  "Show me?"
Hollywood stops kissing him and answers with a look.  Then he pushes, rolling Simon over onto his back, and scoots down the bed.  He catches a nipple in his mouth on the way down, sucking gently, then harder.  Simon groans in answer.  This is a preview, he supposes: how very L.A.
Hollywood moves, sliding further down the bed, until his breath is hot and wet against Simon's cock.  Simon digs his fingers into Hollywood's shoulders.  It feels like he's been hard for hours, even though it can't have been more than forty-five minutes since they left the club, and he's not going to suffer this kind of teasing much longer.  He slides his fingers into the stiff blond spikes of Hollywood's hair--dyed, he now realizes--and tilts his head up so Simon can meet his eyes.  They're green.
"Suck me," he says in a low voice, not quite a command but certainly not a request.
A corner of Hollywood's mouth quirks into a half-smile.  Then he bows his blond head and sucks Simon into his mouth.
Tight, wet heat.  Simon lets his head drop to the pillow, mouth open, groaning.  This is better than fucking.  He was right: Hollywood sucks cock with the same focus he uses to kiss, hot mouth around Simon's dick, taking him all the way in, sucking him down.  He sees Hollywood's lips wrapped around his cock, the sight filthy, obscene; he watches as Hollywood tightens a hand around the base and hollows his cheeks, sucking in earnest.
Hollywood pulls back, letting Simon's cock slip from his mouth, wet and shining with spit, and then he slides down again, agonizingly slow.  Simon moans and--he can't help it--starts to move with it, shallow thrusts at first, just to see if he can.  Hollywood lets him, lets his hot wet lips go slack and loosens his hold on Simon's hip just enough so that Simon can fuck his mouth.
"Oh.  Oh, god," Simon says, barely above a whisper.  He looks down, watching his cock slide in and out of Hollywood's gorgeous mouth, feeling Hollywood work him all over with that tongue, and he tightens his grip on Hollywood's hair and warns, "Close, I'm close--"
But Hollywood doesn't stop, doesn't stop what he's doing with his tongue and doesn't stop Simon from rocking into his mouth again and again, pushing forward into that incredible, irresistible heat, and a moment later, Simon gasps and swears under his breath as he comes.  Hollywood takes it--just lets Simon spill into his mouth, face dreamy and eyes closed.  Simon watches for as long as he can until his own eyes fall shut.
He feels rather than sees Hollywood draw away, letting Simon's softening cock fall from his mouth.  The mattress shifts as he moves.  Simon hears the sound of water running in the next room. When he opens his eyes again, he sees Hollywood standing at the end of the bed, his cock at half-mast, looking unsure of himself.
Simon grins. "Do you the same favor?" he offers.
Hollywood's eyes on him are liquid heat. He takes the last step forward and climbs back onto the bed, crawling his way up Simon's body, and then he stretches out on top of Simon, pressing their bodies together, and catches Simon's mouth in a kiss.
Simon runs his hands down the sides of Hollywood's body, feeling the hard press of Hollywood's cock against his thigh.  He takes it in his hand and strokes once, twice, watching Hollywood catch his lower lip in his teeth and close his eyes in pleasure.  Simon rolls them over to get a better angle, slides his thumb over the silky soft head of Hollywood's cock, and watches Hollywood arch off the bed and dig his fingers into Simon's shoulders.
When he falls back onto the pillow again, Simon follows, licking at the tender skin of Hollywood's neck, then moving lower to bite one dark nipple between his teeth.  The keening noise he gets in response to that goes straight down his spine.  He keeps stroking Hollywood's cock, coaxing more sounds from Hollywood's throat, soft moans and increasingly desperate pleas: Yes, yes, like that, yes yes yes--
Hollywood writhes and his cock jerks in Simon's hand and he comes all over both of them.
Simon lies next to Hollywood for a moment, watching his chest rise and fall as he regains his breath, and then he gets out of bed and goes to get a towel.  He wipes himself down in the washroom, just a quick swipe, and then returns to the bedroom and tosses the towel to Hollywood, who catches it in two hands.  He pushes himself up to a sitting position with a low groan as Simon sits back down on the edge of the bed.
"Thanks," Hollywood says, waving the towel at Simon, before wiping the drying come off his belly with a slight grimace.
They sit like that, side by side on the bed, for what feels like several minutes.  Simon isn't looking at the time; he's looking at the blond hairs on Hollywood's thighs, his softening cock, the indentation of his navel.
Finally, Hollywood speaks.  "What time is your flight tomorrow?"
Simon stares at Hollywood's bare, hairless chest, golden-brown in the dim light.  "Half nine," he says.  "Half past nine," he amends when Hollywood gives him a blank look.  "In the morning."
The corner of Hollywood's kiss-swollen mouth curves up, and then he looks away.  "Should I go?"
"Yes," Simon says, "you should," and then he tumbles Hollywood backwards onto the bed and kisses him like he might never stop.
L.A. hasn't changed.  Simon stares out the window of the car as it glides down Santa Monica Boulevard under the care of another anonymous besuited driver.  It still carries the gleam of things expensive and yet somehow cheap.
The American version of the show was picked up, as he knew it would be, although not by either of the networks he'd courted on his last trip here.  Their loss.  He'd spent weeks arguing with himself and Simon Fuller about judging the American version, but now that he's back on the ground in Los Angeles, he realizes he'd been kidding himself.  The magnetic draw of this place is too much to bear.  If he hadn't come to do American Idol, he'd have ended up back here eventually for something else.
Of course, the paycheque and the prospect of being on American television hadn't hurt, either.
The Fox studios are buzzing with activity when the car pulls up.  He follows an assistant through the carpeted halls, takes a seat, and accepts the cup of tea he is offered.  He's already met Randy Jackson and Paula Abdul; now he's here to see the American version of Ant and Dec they've found to host the thing.  He's been briefed on them: one a stand-up comedian, essentially unknown; the other a well-liked Los Angeles DJ with a few minor TV credits under his belt.  Apparently neither of them knew the other until they were hired.  Simon has his suspicions about the likely success of that arrangement, but it's the format that worked back in the UK, and he's not here as a producer.
When he's in his darker moods, he doesn't know how the show will do in the states.  Their reception could be totally different.  Pop Idol could have been a flash in the pan, a one-hit wonder.  He doesn't know a thing about the American music industry, American television audiences, American people.  He's drawn here, to California, but he's a tourist.  He's confident--all right, he's cocky--but the reality is that anything could happen.
There's a knock, and then the new American hosts walk through the door, and Simon's heart stops in his chest.
His hair is longer, or perhaps taller would be a better choice of word, as he's wearing it gelled straight up in messy spikes, and his clothes aren't as slutty, but the blond host is unmistakably the same twink Simon picked up the last time he was here, the one with the wide mouth and the wicked tongue.  Simon barely even notices the other man, the shock of recognition is so powerful.  He's entirely captivated by the blond.  But from the way the two of them cross the room, Simon doesn't think it's an isolated effect.  Hollywood outshines his partner already, before either of the two has even spoken.
A producer does the introductions.  Simon gives Brian a cursory glance, nod, and handshake.  Hollywood--Ryan--he gives a closer examination, but there's nothing behind the toothy smile and blank, friendly expression, or at least nothing that Simon can see.  They shake each other's hands like true strangers, as if that long night at the London in L.A. was nothing but a fantasy.
Simon continues to stare at him throughout the meeting, only half-listening to the Fox people prattling on about the new American updates to the original format, watching Ryan's face and remembering the flush of his cheeks and the arc of his neck as he came that night--the second time he came.
When the meeting ends, Simon takes his time at leaving.  He finds Ryan at the doorway, hands on his hips, that same bland friendliness on his face, apparently waiting for Simon.  He smiles as Simon approaches and says, "You don't waste any time, do you?"
Simon freezes for just a moment before collecting himself.  Is that a sign?  Some kind of acknowledgment?  His face must betray his confusion, because a moment later, Ryan adds, "Judging, I mean.  You were staring at me the whole time we were in there.  So how'd I do?  Do I measure up?"
Simon stares.  He met this boy in a club, dressed like a hustler, all dirty smile and tight jeans, and then took him back to a hotel and screwed him.  Today, that fantasy is here as a professional, earnest smile and safe, all-American wardrobe that doesn't say "do me" so much as "hire me."  His face gives away no secrets.
"We'll see," Simon says and brushes past him, out the door.
Blaine let himself into the apartment, thrilling to the weight of the key in his hand.  He’d been in New York for five days, now, and his boyfriend – no, he was going to use Kurt’s word, lover, from now on – had forgiven him.
***
Friday night had felt like a raw wound.
After dinner, they took their coffee and dessert into the living room and Kurt had put an arm around his shoulder.  Later they’d lain together on the sofa for an hour.  He’d felt every stress flow out of him as he was held close to Kurt’s chest.
Kurt had finally said, “You’re getting tense again,” as he rubbed a pattern into Blaine’s arm.
“I just really want to kiss you, and…”
He’d felt Kurt sigh against the back of his neck before dropping a kiss there.  “If we kiss, we’ll make out.  If we make out, we’ll probably have sex, and I feel like that would be putting on the Band-Aid before the wound is really clean.  Something might fester.”
“Yeah.”
Kurt had pulled him tighter to his chest.  “So here’s my suggestion.  We sleep together tonight – no sex – just this.  Well, maybe a different position because my arm went dead about ten minutes ago… or we could make out for a little while.  Go back to nothing below the waist and then sleep apart.”
Blaine hadn’t even needed to think.  “Sleep together.  I want to wake up beside you.  But…”
“But?”
“Can I have about fifteen minutes alone with some lube and a tube sock before we get into bed?”
Kurt had cracked up.  “Oh, lover,” and that word always thrilled Blaine, “As turned on as you are?  You won’t last five.”
Blaine had turned to face him then.  “How do you know?”
“Because I’m that turned on, too.”
They’d rested their foreheads together for a minute before Kurt said, “I love you.  Don’t hurt me again, please.  Not like this.”
Blaine’s heart had broken again for a moment, but he’d kissed Kurt’s cheek and said, “Never.  I love you, too.”
***
Today had been spent alone exploring the neighborhood.  The grocer remembered him and helped him pick out good wild mushrooms for the pasta he was going to surprise Kurt with.  He’d even helped Blaine select a better cooking wine, since he couldn’t buy regular wine.
He’d talked to Rachel and she’d agreed to stay out until at least ten o’clock.  He and Kurt still hadn’t … fucked, made love, had sex … whatever he wanted to call it, but after a weekend finding ways to have fun in New York, of talking, of sleeping beside each other, they’d spent the last two nights becoming more intimate.  When Kurt kissed him goodbye this morning, Blaine had caught a hint of amusement in his eyes and more than a hint of lust when he pulled Blaine to him a second time and whispered, “Tonight.”
Blaine cleaned and chopped everything he’d need for dinner.  There was a small tarte au sucre from that nice bakery for dessert.  Once he heard Kurt come in the door, he’d put on a classic jazz medley of love songs and start the real cooking.
***
Kurt was thrilled to come home and find candles and music waiting for him.  He sat and watched Blaine cook, his hips moving to whatever Dean Martin was singing as he stirred the herbs and wild mushrooms together.
When Blaine put a lid on the pan and turned down the heat, Kurt swept him close, and they slow danced to Sammy Davis Junior singing This Guy’s in Love with You.
Dinner was quiet.  Kurt ate left handed so that they could hold hands as they ate.  He kissed Blaine’s cheek as he offered to wash the dishes while Blaine got tea and dessert together.
It didn’t take long before they were making out on the sofa, feeding each other bites of tart, and crooning bits of songs in each other’s ears.
All Blaine had to say was, “Please?” and Kurt pushed him back on the sofa.  Kurt’s lips brushed down his neck, and Blaine moaned.  Kurt stripped him slowly, peeling his own top layers off only after he’d bared Blaine beneath him.
He’d just licked the head of Blaine’s cock when they both froze at the sound of Rachel’s voice.
“Fuck,” Blaine said.
Kurt rolled off of him and helped him gather up scattered clothing.  He took a second to admire Blaine’s bare ass when he heard Rachel say, “Oh.”
Kurt shut the door forcefully, and re-buttoned his pants before turning around.  Not only had Rachel returned several hours early, Brodie, four other people Kurt didn’t know, and Nick – who’d made a pass at Kurt before bothering to find out his name – were with her.
“Rachel?”
“Um, I didn’t think… I mean you and Blaine had been on the outs and the rehearsal room we’d reserved was double booked and…”
Brodie cut in.  “It’s my fault.  When we lost our rehearsal room, I remembered how big your place was.  I made Rachel violate the roommate code.”
Kurt nodded tightly and turned back to Rachel.  “Play the music as loud as you like.  We’ll talk at breakfast.”
There was a choked sound from Nick.
Kurt rolled his eyes.  “This is as close as you’ll ever get, Nick.  Enjoy it.”  He spun on his heel and walked into the bedroom shutting the door firmly behind him.
Blaine was sitting on the edge of the bed, but he knelt in front of Kurt and rubbed his face against the bulge in his pants.
Kurt glanced down and saw that his boyfriend was flaccid.  “You don’t have to.  I can take care of myself.”
Blaine unbuttoned him and began to slide Kurt’s pants down.  “The surprise was a turn-off, but listening to you?  Seeing you in charge?  That’s already turning me on.”  He sat back on his heels and smiled up at Kurt.  “Besides, if my mouth’s full, I can’t scream.”  He licked the head of Kurt’s cock.  “Or you could come in my face.”
“I think keeping you quiet sounds better, but I promise we’ll try the other before you go home on Sunday.”
Blaine moaned as he licked up the thick vein.  “Promise?”
“Yes.  Now suck me.”
There was a low sound from the back of Blaine’s throat, and he took the head into his mouth eagerly.
Kurt smiled and stroked Blaine’s chin.  “Hands behind your back.”
Blaine’s breath hitched as he adjusted his position to comply.  He swirled his tongue around Kurt’s shaft and sucked deeply, bobbing his head to give Kurt as much sensation as possible.  At one point, he leaned in and tried to swallow to let Kurt down his throat.  He choked, and Kurt slid out with a pop.
“I love that you want me so much.  Don’t let me hurt you.”
Blaine’s voice was rough as he said, “I want you to fuck my face.  Please.”
Kurt carded his fingers through Blaine’s hair.  “I like the sound of that, but I think we need to take it more slowly right now.”  He leaned over and kissed Blaine softly.
Blaine took Kurt back into his mouth and flicked his tongue over the most sensitive parts.  He hollowed his cheeks with suction and moaned as he tasted little gouts of pre-come.  He leaned in again, not quite as far, and swirled his tongue back along the thick vein.  He could see Kurt’s abs start to tighten and, suddenly, felt the head flair and coat his tongue with thick bitter fluid.  He moaned as he swallowed it down.
Kurt knelt in front of him and kissed him fiercely, chasing his own flavor, smoothing his hands over Blaine’s bare body.  “Do you want me to do the same for you?” he asked.
“Is that what you want?”
Kurt blushed.  “What I want is to prep you with my tongue and fuck you until you scream my name, but…”
“Sounds good to me,” Blaine said.
Kurt held him close.  “The others?”
Blaine shrugged and nuzzled his neck.  “I don’t think they can hear anything over the racket they’re making.”
“Get on the bed and hold your knees to your chest.”
Blaine’s eyes went wide.  “God, I love you like this.  I mean, not that I don’t…”  He scrambled to comply as Kurt finally took off his trousers and boots.
Kurt kissed his forehead.  “I love you, too, whether or not you’re following orders.”  His eyes twinkled and then he dropped a kiss on Blaine’s nose and began working his hands and lips down Blaine’s body.  He knelt back and took in the sight of his lover exposed and open to him before sliding further down and mouthing the crease of his thighs.
There were long minutes where the only sounds in the room were Blaine’s hitches and moans as Kurt used his tongue and fingers to take him apart.  “The condoms are by your head.  Can you hand me one?”
“Can I put it on you?”
Kurt nodded, and Blaine slicked his fingers before grasping his cock and rolling the condom over it.
Blaine lay back and spread himself open.
Kurt bit back a sound and eased his way into Blaine.  They both gasped when he found the right spot, and when their eyes met, something raw passed between them.
Blaine wrapped his legs around Kurt’s hips and kicked, loving the open laugh it got him.
Kurt thrust deep and they found their rhythm like they’d never been apart.
Blaine said, “I won’t break, please,” and Kurt kissed him gently before pounding into him fiercely.
They were grateful for the noise of the music from the other room; the sounds of the dance were loud enough to cover Blaine’s very vocal expressions of pleasure.  They built together, Blaine begging for Kurt to touch his cock.  His back arched as he pushed himself into the sensations, taking Kurt deeper.  He babbled, “God, Kurt, so good, I love you, so perfect, so good, love you…” practically sobbing.
Kurt changed the angle, and sped up his hips until Blaine screamed, “Yes, Kurt,” and came just as the music in the living room stopped.  Kurt felt Blaine’s orgasm, and it set off his.
Kurt slid out slowly and discarded the condom before lying back and pulling his lover close.
Blaine murmured into his neck, “Do you think they heard me?”
Kurt giggled.  “I’m pretty sure the Statue of Liberty knows you came.”  He could feel the heat of Blaine’s blush against his shoulder.  “Are you really embarrassed?”
Blaine shook his head.  “Some.  But I’m yours.  I want everyone to know it.”
“Good.  Now let me get something to clean us up.”
Blaine said, “Let’s shower together.”
Kurt started to say something and then grinned at him.  “I have a spare robe for you.  Come on, you little exhibitionist.”
Blaine grinned back.  “You know I’m not that little.”
***
The next morning, Rachel had already poured his cereal into the bowl which Kurt had figured out early in their rooming was her way of “making breakfast.”
When she walked into the dining area, Kurt lifted an eyebrow and asked, “Is this an apology?”
“Yes.”
“Rachel, I understand why you brought them here.  It wasn’t a bad idea, but you were on a train for 45 minutes.  You could have texted or called from the end of the hallway, just to let me know.”
Rachel said, “I know, Kurt, I wasn’t thinking.  I really am sorry.”  She giggled behind her hand.  “I think Nick came when Blaine did.  We, er, broke up the practice after that.”
Kurt rolled his eyes.  “Really.  Please a, don’t tell Blaine and b, convince Nick that he’s really not my type.”
“Don’t tell Blaine what?” Blaine said.
“That Kurt’s such a good lover he managed to please two men at once.”
Blaine shared a look with Kurt, then burst out laughing.
Kurt blushed deeply, “I didn’t think anyone would be able to hear you.  I’m sorry.”
Blaine took his hand and kissed it.  “I’m yours.  I love you.  And you have nothing to be sorry about.”
“Well, I may have something to be sorry about if I don’t catch the subway in the next ten minutes.”  He kissed Blaine quickly.  “Are you joining me today, Rachel?”
“No, Mister Stern gave us the week off to do research for our original scenes.”
Kurt grabbed his hat and scarf.  “What character?”
“Hedda Gabler.”
Kurt said, “We’ll talk,” and headed out the door.
***
The female employees of vogue.com, other than Isabelle, had descended on today’s freebies like a pack of ravenous wolves.  There was one package left.
Kurt’s concentration was broken by Isabelle saying, “Want to invite your friend to the press opening at the Met tonight?  It’s not a gala, so it’s not formal.”
“That sounds great.”
Isabelle smiled.  “I’m sure free food is always a plus.”
Kurt grinned back.  “Actually, we’re both pretty good cooks.  But an excuse to see a New York icon for free is a definite plus.  What’s the opening?”
“A small exhibit on Turkmen jewelry, but Grace is using it as inspiration for a layout in the next issue, so…”
“It would help if vogue.com prepares readers minds,” Kurt finished.
“Exactly.”  She looked at the box on the table.  “You can take it home if you like.”
“I… Are you sure?”
Isabelle rolled her eyes.  “Everyone is always all over the vibrators.”  She shook her head.  “That sounded much worse than it did in my head.  As long as you give me fifty to one-hundred words that we can include in the sex positive piece next Saturday, the giant dildo is yours.”
Kurt snorted.  “It’s not that big.”
“Really?  Because I don’t think of myself as a slut, but I’ve seen a few men naked, and that’s definitely larger than I think of as familiar.”
Kurt looked at the dimensions and shrugged.  “When I got to Dalton, I found out that Blaine’s name was on a wall honoring the biggest boy in the school.”  He wasn’t about to tell her that his name was on the wall for the next year.
“Lucky you.  Tell him to meet us at 6:30 by the park entrance.  I’ll put your names on the list.”
“Will do.”  Kurt went back to his desk and typed ‘Vibrators are great, but sometimes the basics are more important.  This dildo doesn’t do anything fancy, but nine thick inches of sterilizable silicon doesn’t need to do anything.  It comes in basic black, and if it’s the kind of thing you’re looking for, you’ll come in whatever color you like.’  He sent the blurb to Isabelle with a note that said, “I hope this isn’t too risqué, but we are reviewing sex toys.”
A few minutes later, he heard a peel of laughter from Isabelle’s office.  Her next email said, “It’s perfect, Kurt.”
***
Blaine was waiting for them when they arrived at the museum.
Kurt’s mouth went dry when he saw the slim fitting brown corduroys and green henley with a distressed leather jacket on Blaine.  He said, “I miss the bow ties, but you look very handsome.”
Blaine gave him a once over and said, “I know you wore that jacket the second time I met you, but, God, it does great things for your eyes.”
Isabelle said, “I’d forgotten how sappy young love can be.  Come on.  We don’t want to miss the good hors d’oeuvres.”
The food was pretty good.  The speeches were a little dull, and the literature being distributed was very informative.
Kurt asked Blaine to note down anything he found particularly interesting, and circled the room in the opposite direction making notes of his own.  He’d have to ask Isabelle if Grace was leaning toward semi-precious stones in general or carnelian and turquoise in particular.  He and Blaine met back up at a vitrine in the middle which had long tasseled silver and semi-precious drops in it.
Blaine said, “I’ve been thinking about getting my ears pierced.  Do you think these would be too much for school?”
Kurt nudged his shoulder.  “They’re dorsal ornaments.  And don’t you dare get your ears pierced.  I like being able to suck at the lobes.”
“Once they’ve healed, I’m sure you could again.”
Kurt just stared at him until Blaine laughed.  “You’re still adorable, you know.”
“Thank you,” Kurt said.
“Have you tried any of the puff pastries?  There’s one with lamb in it…”
Kurt interrupted him, “I want to taste you,” he whispered.
“I thought I was the exhibitionist.”
“Not here.”
Blaine touched his hand.  “We should find a cab.  I want to grab another of those cheesy puff pastry things on the way out.”
“There’s a men’s room down the hall.”
Blaine’s jaw dropped.  “To the right or left?”
“The one to the right.”
Blaine nodded.  “I’ll go first.”
Kurt arrived only a minute or two later and found Blaine in the last stall.  “I picked this one because it had solid walls between the stalls and full length doors and…”  He kissed Blaine deeply, palming the front of his cords.
He knelt and noticed that Blaine had spread some paper towels on the ground.  “Thank you,” he said as he unzipped Blaine’s pants and pushed them down a little way.  Kurt let his hands roam, stroking Blaine’s ass, cupping his balls as he swirled his tongue over the plump head.
Blaine moaned, and Kurt pulled back, unzipping his own trousers.
Blaine said, “Give me your hand,” and licked the palm wet when Kurt complied.
Kurt wrapped his now-wet hand around himself and used his other hand to hold Blaine at just the right angle to mouth up the thick vein at the front and flick his tongue under the dripping head.
“Suck me, please.”
He could feel Kurt shake his head as a stripe was licked up the full length of his cock.  Blaine closed his eyes and gave into the sensations from Kurt’s restless tongue.
It didn’t take long before Blaine said, “Oh, please, I’m close.”
Kurt sucked the head into his mouth, vibrating his tongue against the frenulum and moaning around his mouthful.
Blaine came hard, and Kurt swallowed it all down stroking himself frantically to his own orgasm.  After a few deep breaths he stood up and kissed Blaine who then grabbed his hand and licked it clean.
Kurt said, “I wasn’t thinking.  No real time for afterglow.”
Blaine nuzzled his neck.  “We get to sleep beside each other and wake up in love.  That’s pretty good afterglow.”
“I promise we’ll leave within the hour.”  He kissed Blaine again and adjusted himself into his pants.  “Give me a minute or two.”  Another quick kiss, “Damn, you look hot,” he said.
When Blaine walked back into the exhibit, he found Kurt talking to Isabelle.
She eyed him up and down and said, “Well you two aren’t subtle at all.”
Blaine blushed, but noticed that Kurt just had two high spots of color on his cheek.
Isabelle said, “Here’s the deal.  Kurt has tomorrow off with two caveats.  The first is that he gets me three hundred to five hundred words about this exhibit by 10 a.m. tomorrow.  The second is that he write three hundred words about his neighborhood by the same time on Saturday.”
“I don’t know how many ways I can say public urination is an issue,” Kurt said.
Blaine put his hand on Kurt’s waist and smiled.  “I’ll make certain he does it.”
“Now get a cab and go home before you set the museum on fire with the way you’re looking at each other.”
***
They opted for the subway the second they saw it was raining.  Kurt pulled out his tablet and asked Blaine, “Do you mind?  With luck, I can finish them both before we get home.”
“I’ll keep an eye out for thieves.”
***
They barely made it in the front door before they were kissing.  Blaine walked Kurt backward to the bedroom and said, “Tell me Rachel wasn’t in the living room.”
“No.  And I wouldn’t care if she had been.”  He peeled off Blaine sweater as Blaine unbuttoned his shirt.
They fell on the bed as soon as their clothes were off and found the best angle to rub against each other while their hands roamed and their tongues clashed.  Blaine came first, nuzzling at his neck until Kurt flipped them and ground his way to climax.
They burrowed under the covers together, and Kurt said, “We should clean off.”  He grabbed his robe and quickly ran to the bathroom for a couple of damp washcloths, and snuggled down with Blaine as soon as it was taken care of.
Blaine murmured in his ear.  “Did you finish the blog post for tomorrow?”
“And the one for Saturday.  Let’s go explore tomorrow.”
“I hope it’s all right.  I got us tickets for Forbidden Broadway tomorrow night.”
“’s perfect,” Kurt said, and they drifted off to sleep in each other’s arms.
***
Blaine’s plane home was on Sunday morning, and Rachel invited them to come to the piano bar on Saturday night.  She’d stayed at Brodie’s place on Friday night to give them a whole day and night alone, so Blaine nodded at the invitation when Kurt passed it along.
“All right,” Kurt said, “But let us meet you there.”
Rachel started to protest, but just smiled and said, “Sure, but if you’re not there within the hour, I will bring the whole bar here.”
“We could have gone with her,” Blaine said.
“When we get back tonight, I’ll have to help you pack.  And then we’re going to get distracted, but first, we need to talk.”
Blaine just nodded and looked nervous.
“It’s all right, lover.  I trust you to find someone professional to talk to, and I’ve already found a support group for young gay men.  I’ll see if they’ll work for what I need, and if not, I’ll figure out how to find it.”
“I got an email from my old therapist.  She said she can see me on Wednesdays.”
Kurt took his hand and held it to his chest.  “I trust you.  But I want you to be happy and feel right about things, so I got you a couple of gifts.  Sort of.”
“Sort of gifts?”
“Well one of them was a freebie at vogue.com and the other was from the used bookstore yesterday.”
Blaine grinned.  “So where are my presents?”
Kurt handed him the box he’d picked up on Thursday.
“A dildo?”
Kurt said, “You talked about deep throating me and me, uh, fucking your face.  I thought it would be a good thing to practice with?”
Blaine kissed him gently.  “I like it.  A way to practice is perfect, and I can show off when we see each other at Christmas.”
Kurt sighed with relief.  “I didn’t want you to think I was demanding that you service me or anything.”
“I mentioned it.  It’s a huge fantasy of mine.”
Kurt pulled out the other gift.  “The Art of Massage?”
“I noticed that each chapter has a section at the end about how to practice on yourself.  You need touch so much, and I won’t be around, so I thought, maybe if you started your day this way, it would help…”
“I,” Blaine hesitated and said, “Tell me exactly what you want me to do.”
Kurt heard his tone and said clearly, “Every morning, after your daily exercise routine, I want you to practice self massage.  You can’t touch your cock or your balls, but I want you to tell me if it makes you come and tell me what made you come.  Like, was it knuckling the backs of your knees or…”
“Kneading my inner thighs?”
Kurt said, “Yes.  I want you to tell me exactly what you’ve found out.”
“And when I visit at Christmas, can I find out what my touches can do to your body?”
“Oh, yes, lover.  I want that.”  He leaned into the kiss Blaine was offering.  “And I need you to remember our agreement.”
Blaine nodded.  “I have the code words we discussed.”
“And I’ll make certain we can talk for at least twenty minutes a day.”
“I’ll settle for five minutes every morning and an occasional long conversation when we can snatch time.”
Kurt kissed him again.  “Five minutes at seven o’clock every morning.  And don’t hesitate to text me a code word if you need me.  I’m so sorry I wasn’t there for you, that you had to…”
Blaine said, “I didn’t have to.  I made a choice -- a really, really bad choice.”
“So did I, by letting myself be too caught up in the new. I love you so much.”
Blaine took his hand and stood up.  “We’d better get to the piano bar before Rachel makes good her threat.  Can I ask a favor?”
“Sure, Blaine.”
“When we get home tonight, will you fuck me all night, so I can barely sit on that plane?”
Kurt swallowed hard.  “I think I could manage that.  Although, if we’re making requests, I expect to get fucked, too.”
“It’s a deal,” Blaine said.  “And, Kurt?  I love you, too.”
I used to like sleeping.  Warm darkness, that feeling you get when you're all curled up under blankets and every muscle just kinda unwinds and you breathe deep and RELAX, cause there's nothin' left for you to do that day and even if there was you ain't getting up.  Sometimes someone else there to hold on to, y'know, just so you can hear their heartbeat.  Course, that was back in the day.  Back when it was just me and my boys, hangin' out and trying pretty hard to stay out of trouble, you know, and tryin' to get by.  Even after, there was nights where I just let it all go, stretched out and got real comfortable, and let my mind drift off someplace else and slept like a baby.
I never used to dream about vampires.  Even then.  She was always human in my dreams, and we'd be hangin', she'd be laughing and cooking something on the little stove or readin' out loud to one of the kids that never got no school.  Good dreams.  I told Wes once, an' he said it was the sign of a 'healthy subconscious,' whatever the fuck THAT means.  But I never dreamt about vampires.
Now I got my own crib, a real bed and a lock on the door an' everything, now that I'm gettin' paid.  Not much, but Cordelia's pretty damn good with money an' I almost always get something to cover rent by the end of the month.  I don't hardly ever stay there, though.  Not since that night Wes got shot.  Shit, man, I thought my heart was stoppin' right then and there, when he got all slumped down and started talking about being cold.  I mean.  SHIT.  So when he got out of the hospital I kind of moved in.  Just to make sure he was allrigh'.  Slept on his short-ass couch and woke up every coupla hours, just to see if he was still breathing, just sitting by his bed and watchin' him sleep.  Yeah, I know, pretty pansy-ass thing to do, but Wes is my BOY an' I didn't even know how much I cared till I almost lost him.
So the first time I fell asleep with him it was kind of natural, you know?  Just passed out right there, head on the bed, an' when I woke up he was lookin' at me with those big blue eyes--you SEEN how big those eyes are when he ain't wearin' his glasses?--an' holding my hand, and when he gave it that little pull it was the easiest thing in the world to get up next to him and curl around him and listen to that heart beat, just as strong as any of the others had been.  Just that, that night, but he gave me a LOOK when he was gettin' ready the next night, and I crawled in with him like it was my rightful place.  Man's got piano hands, you know.  Long thin fingers, kinda delicate, like the rest of him, but he's got some skills there, let me tell you.  I never really thought about it before, but when he started kissing me like it was no big deal, like we'd been doin' it for years, it felt kinda comfortable.  Right.  Soft and slow and he tasted like tea with honey, and those hands were playin' me like an instrument, and if he was a little more into it than me, who's to know?  Skilled fingers, man.
After that it got to be a regular thing.  I'd follow him home, he'd invite me in, we'd mess around and get off and I had someone to sleep with.  Good dreams, even after that freakish kid with the eye came in.  THAT was just about the ASS-nastiest thing I have EVER seen, and I have SEEN some shit.  Wes would look at me with those eyes, bedroom eyes, and I knew what he was thinking.  Problem was, I always felt like I'd be breakin' him if we did anything more than just play, and he was still all banged up, and so it took us a while, you know?  So when we finally got down to real honest-to-Jesus fucking, I was so worried about him that it almost wasn't any fun.  He really wanted it, though, like REALLY wanted it, touching me with those anxious soft hands and begging me to do it, and who am I to turn down a friend?  And if he said 'I love you' right then, well, it was the middle of sex, you know.  People say some wierd shit during sex.
And then THAT was our regular thing, and it was all right.  We'd fuck and I'd hold back and he'd tell me he loved me, an' I'd kiss him, then we'd sleep.  I do love sleeping with that man.  He curls up into the cutest little ball, an' doesn't kick or anything, and just radiates comfort.  Nice to have around in bed.  And I still wasn't dreaming about vampires.
Angel came back somewhere in there.  Now I didn't really give too much of a fuck when he left, cause I figured he had some heavy shit going down, and besides I barely knew him.  And when he came back, whatever. What the man did was no nevermind to me.  He was always around, though, hangin' over Cordelia like she was the princess she'd always known she was, waitin' on Wes hand and foot, and just watchin' me with those big kick-me-now eyes.  Pissed me off, kinda.  I mean, here's the Big Man, vampire, ass-kicking DEMON, just ghosting around the place.  It's always a shame when the good ones take a fall.
Like me.  Three nights ago.  Fighting a big, green an' nasty thing, it clipped me a good one on the head.  My axe went flyin' one way, I went the other, and before I know it he fuckin' PICKED ME UP and CARRIED me outta there.  Now I ain't a small man.  But Angel, he was holding me like it wasn't no thing at all.  I felt small.  Almost...fuck.  Delicate.  And when he sat me down on a step, and held my head in his hands so he could get a good look at the cut, all I could do was stare.
I went home with Wes that night, just like normal.  But when I grabbed him and flipped him over, I left bruises.  And when I was pounding into him I saw brown eyes instead of blue, and hard pale muscles where Wes don't have 'em.  I dreamed of vampires, and strong hard arms, and not holding back, and bruises that would fade in an hour.  An' every night since then.
The bruises are still there.  And Wes still says he loves me.
Kyo smirked as he watched Ruki dancing on the dance floor; Ruki seemed oblivious to the things around him. Kyo took the chance and slipped into the crowd, coming up behind Ruki and wrapping his arms around the other’s waist. Kyo pulled Ruki flush against his body and Ruki sighed, his arms coming up to wrap loosely around Kyo’s neck, inhaling the scent that was truly Kyo. Kyo smirked down at Ruki whose eyes were now opening to stare up into Kyo’s dark ones. Ruki smirked. “Did you miss me or something, Kyo?” Ruki asked teasingly. Kyo chuckled as he danced with Ruki, both swaying to the music. “In a way, yes, otherwise I just wanted to be able to dance with you for once. After all, you always complain how I never dance with you.” Kyo replied with a playful glint in his eyes. Ruki smirked, he knew that look all too well and he was going to use that to his advantage. “I’m glad that you came to dance with me, whether your intentions were as you said or not.” Ruki replied with a grin, making Kyo’s eyes sparkle even more.
The song changed from a simple beat to something a little more complex and unmistakably dirty. Ruki smirked, licking at his lips and turning around in Kyo’s hold and peering into his eyes. Ruki then began to wiggle his hips and Kyo was quick to follow Ruki’s movements with a slight gyrating of his hips. Ruki smirked, they both knew how the other was and they knew exactly how to drive the other wild. Kyo smirked also, leaning forward and catching Ruki’s lips in a chaste yet passionate kiss. Ruki’s hands went up to thread through Kyo’s hair momentarily before they broke their kiss. Ruki grinned at Kyo, licking his lips. “Dance with me, Kyo.” Ruki practically purred and Kyo sneered somewhat. “Oh, I’ll dance with you as long as you play with me later.” Kyo replied with a vicious glint in his eyes. Ruki managed to suppress the shudder that wanted to run up his spine and nodded his head yes in agreement. “I could never say no to that.” Ruki replied as he moved his body sensually to the beat. Kyo smirked at those words, knowing how true they were and delighting in the fact that he was the reason Ruki would fall apart.
Ruki and Kyo danced together, sensually at first, but something happened and it became rather vulgar rather quickly. Neither cared or even paid anyone around them any attention because they were lost in their own world together. Ruki had his arms around Kyo’s neck and Kyo’s arms had managed to wrap around Ruki’s waist to hold him close to his body; so close that there was no room in between the two of them. Kyo smirked as he leaned in to Ruki’s left ear and nibbled on it slightly which caused Ruki to moan. Kyo smirked as he licked his earlobe ever so slightly before he decided to speak. “Aroused, Ru?” Kyo said with a playful sneer as he felt the slight press of Ruki’s arousal on his leg. Ruki glared at Kyo, half playfully and half serious. “No, I’m just getting hard for the hell of it, Kyo.” Ruki replied sarcastically, a moan escaping him as one of Kyo’s hands gripped Ruki through his jeans. Kyo smirked at Ruki’s words. “I’d hate for that to be true, because then I’d never help you with your growing problem.” Kyo replied with a leer as he leaned in, nibbling on Ruki’s jaw line before he managed to catch his lips in a passionate kiss.
Kyo’s tongue was quick to prod at Ruki’s lower lip, asking entrance and being granted it immediately. Their tongues tangled together deliciously, Ruki moaning into the kiss and feeling slightly light headed for some reason. When they broke in need of air, Kyo took Ruki by the hand, leading Ruki off of the dance floor. “Where are we going, Kyo?” Ruki asked, a little confused as to where they were headed. Kyo looked back at Ruki, a lustful sort of grin on his face. “Somewhere where we can have a little alone time...” Kyo said as he led Ruki upstairs and into one of the VIP rooms. Kyo paid for the room and promptly shut the door, locking it to be safe. Ruki was then being pushed down into the booth in the room. Even if Ruki wanted to protest, he couldn’t because Kyo’s mouth was locked with his in a deadly kiss. Kyo’s hands were working on Ruki’s shirt, pushing it slowly up and up until they had to break the kiss so that the garment could be removed and tossed aside. Ruki took his opportunity to speak as his shirt hit the floor with a dull sound. “You kinky old man; in a VIP room no less.” Ruki said with a breathy chuckle as he looked up at Kyo. Kyo licked at his lips. “You have that effect on me, you know.” Kyo replied with a smirk as he leaned in, his lips trailing kisses down Ruki’s jaw line, making sure to leave his share of visible marks on Ruki’s neck as his lips worked their way downwards.
Ruki’s hands seemed to tangle loosely in Kyo’s hair. A sharp gasp escaped Ruki’s lips as Kyo’s tongue circled one of Ruki’s nipples before he bit down on it, working the nipple to full hardness and causing Ruki to groan and moan; Ruki’s hands clutching at Kyo’s hair slightly harder. Kyo’s mouth traveled rather quickly over to Ruki’s other nipple, giving it the exact same treatment and loving hearing Ruki’s noises of pleasure. Kyo’s hands made quick work of Ruki’s belt and zipper as he sat up, pulling Ruki’s pants down to reveal no underwear. Kyo smirked at that. “Hmm… I like that choice of yours; it suits you so well.” Kyo said with a smirk, Ruki pouted, smacking at Kyo playfully. “Stop being a tease, I’m hard enough as it is, damnit.” Ruki said with a growl to Kyo. Kyo smirked down at Ruki. “Impatient, but I like it so I can’t complain.” Kyo replied with a chuckle as Ruki lifted his hips up and Kyo fully removed Ruki’s pants and shoes, tossing them to the side. Ruki pouted up at Kyo who was still fully clothed. “No fair, you’re still covered by your clothes and I’m naked.” Ruki said with a pout, making Kyo lean in and capture Ruki’s lips in another heated kiss.
When the kiss broke, Kyo smirked down at Ruki. “Well if you don’t like it, do something about it.” Kyo purred, making Ruki shudder slightly. Ruki immediately leaned up and tugged at Kyo’s belt, undoing the belt easily as Kyo kicked his own shoes off onto the floor. Ruki’s hands made quick work of the button and zipper of Kyo’s pants. Kyo chuckled as he pushed Ruki away gently. Ruki whined at the push and Kyo smiled at him as he stood up, slowly removing his shirt and tossing it to the floor to be forgotten for the time being. Kyo reached into his back pocket and pulled out a packet of lube, tossing it onto the table beside Ruki. Ruki seemed to smirk at that, choosing not to say anything as Kyo slowly stripped off his pants and boxers in front of Ruki. Ruki couldn’t help the groan that escaped his lips at finally being able to see Kyo’s wonderful and tattooed form. Kyo was down in the booth with Ruki, settled between Ruki’s legs and kissing Ruki passionately once more as he opened the packet of lube. Kyo made sure to coat his fingers enough so that he wouldn’t hurt Ruki unnecessarily. Kyo’s fingers were down to Ruki’s entrance rather quickly.
Kyo let his fingers tease at Ruki’s entrance before he thrust two in at once, causing Ruki to break the kiss and let out a loud moan. It was a pained moan at first, but Kyo could always make that moan morph into something that was pure unadulterated passion. Kyo began to scissor the two fingers in Ruki before he added a third, stretching and probing inside Ruki until Ruki let out a loud cry of pure ecstasy. Kyo smirked triumphantly at himself as Ruki’s hips seemed to thrust down onto Kyo’s digits even more. “Yes, Kyo, there!” Ruki moaned rather wantonly. Kyo smirked, pulling his digits from Ruki’s insides and making Ruki whine at the loss. Kyo smirked down at Ruki’s slightly panting form. “Don’t worry, you’ll get what you want soon.” Kyo said with a smirk as he used the rest of the lube to coat his hard cock. Ruki’s legs wrapped around Kyo’s waist as Kyo leaned in and positioned himself at Ruki’s entrance. There was a moment of almost silence between them before Kyo thrust up into Ruki’s body, burying himself to the hilt, causing Ruki’s eyes to water slightly at the sudden stretching of his insides.
Kyo stilled, intending to let Ruki get adjusted to things, but Ruki groaned, his fingernails digging into Kyo’s shoulders harshly. “Just… move.” Ruki said with a pant as he thrust his hips slightly. Kyo nodded, pulling almost all of the way out of Ruki before he thrust back in slowly but harshly. It didn’t take long for the two of them to establish a rhythm and what started out slow and harsh only became faster and even harsher, just the way they both liked it. Kyo let his hands roam Ruki’s sides and torso, making sure to drag his nails harshly down Ruki’s form. Kyo did that enough to leave slight blood trails down Ruki’s bare chest. Ruki was a moaning, writhing mess under Kyo but Kyo wouldn’t have it any other way. Kyo leaned in, capturing Ruki’s lips in repeated bruising kisses as he pounded into Ruki’s willing body. Ruki whimpered under Kyo and Kyo could tell by how Ruki’s insides were clenching down around him and how Ruki’s cock was weeping that Ruki was so close to the edge of euphoria. Kyo wasn’t far behind him and they both seemed to become even more desperate in their thrusts; wishing for that sweet euphoric release and glimpses at heaven, if only for mere moments.
Ruki came with a loud cry of Kyo’s name, both of them becoming coated in Ruki’s seed. Kyo relished in the feeling of Ruki’s insides clenching down upon his cock repeatedly, pulling Kyo to heaven with Ruki. Kyo came with a low growl and moan into Ruki’s neck, Ruki whimpering as Kyo thrusted into his over-sensitized body. They lay tangled together, both of them trying to calm their erratic hearts and breathing. Kyo eventually pulled out of Ruki, his cock slipping out rather easily and causing Ruki to whimper at the loss of being filled so completely. Kyo leaned in, capturing Ruki’s lips in a passionate and lazy kiss… and another… and another… and another… Until they both pulled apart, panting once more. Ruki smirked up at Kyo. “Amazing as always… You kinky dirty man.” Ruki said with a grin. Kyo chuckled. “You like it though, just as I like you being the whore that you are.” Kyo replied with a chuckle as Ruki playfully smacked at him as they both slowly got up, cleaned themselves off, gathered their clothes and leisurely redressed themselves. When they were both satisfied that they looked alright, they slowly went to exit the room. Kyo turned to Ruki with a smirk. “Hot and kinky sex at home then?” Kyo said with that same smirk plastered on his face. Before Ruki could answer, Kyo had opened the door and left, making Ruki follow him with a smirk similar to Kyo’s. “I’ll follow you to hell and back… As long as I get to indulge in you like this all the time, I could care less about what happens around us.” Ruki thought with a smirk as he quickly followed Kyo out of the club and to hail a taxi.
Dom's eyes are bright, his head thrown back, and there's a thin sheen of sweat on his skin. "Billy," he gasps, thrusting his hips helplessly into the air. "Don't stop...oh God, Billy..."
But Billy has drawn back, his lips swollen and glistening. His tongue flickers out, his breath hot on Dom's flushed skin. "Please," Dom pantwhispers. His hands jerk against their bonds, digging into the leather.
A smile curves Billy's lips, and Dom whimpers. "Please," he begs again. Then Billy leans down and engulfs Dom in slick, wet heat. Dom writhes and bucks and bites his lip until it bleeds.
Chris noticed his eyes first. Dark, soft, even under those clunky glasses and some pretty intense eyebrows, they stood out. They belonged to a guy waiting in Chris’s line for coffee. As a barista of many years experience Chris could tell you, there were many ways to stand in a line. You had your huffers, for instance, who liked to remind themselves how far too busy they were for this bullshit by hunching up to fill up every spare inch between them and the person in front. There were the It’s Early, Please Don’t Fuck With Me tribe, who appeared at all hours of the day and seemed to barely possess the strength to stand upright and order at once. Tremblers, mutterers, the despised loud cell talkers, may God drop them where they stand if they kept the conversation going while Chris served them. The iPhone show-offs, the daydreamers, and the newly dating couples. This guy was standing there patiently, not leaning on anything, not totally zoned out or whispering to himself, giving off the air of a man enjoying the wait for his beverage, confident that it will be served in due course and with no pressing need to do anything but drink it.
Chris snuck looks as he was working though the line of customers at the till. His eye candy was dressed in a striped t shirt and a heavy denim coat, a book or something tucked under it. Maybe it was a laptop, plenty of students came in here, though this guy would be a mature student or in grad school. Or maybe even an academic, though he lacked the requisite air of tension.
“Soya cappuccino, please.”
“Hey. Uh, sure.”
That voice matched the eyes, which were so disconcertingly soft. Chris hadn’t realised the line would move so quick, that his sly ogling would get cut short. Damn his own efficiency.
“You sitting in or out? I’ll bring it over.”
It wasn’t until the guy reached to grab his wallet that Chris noticed it. Not a laptop under his jacket, at all. Another arm. In a grey and purple sleeve.
Chris grew up with the PB, post-Boom, generation. Lots of people hated that term, but everyone more or less got resigned to the fact that the accidental detonation of not one but several nuclear devices, intended for underwater mining, thirty years ago was widely known as The Boom. The effects on the Pacific coast were immediate, and the outrage over the damage to the marine life persists. But what no one knew for sure was what would happen to the children of the Boom. In the following years birth defect rates shot up 500%. The WHO issued reports, special pre-natal clinics were established, and the court cases dragged on.
For Chris, the Boom was part of popular culture, bad taste jokes, and history books. It’s after effects were represented in his mind by Brian Morris and Phuong Thuyen, the two students at his school with VP – visible, physical effects. Mutations, the word that the educational videos and posters at school warned them was not to be used, was a word Brian embraced. He threw it around, and the nickname “mutt”, in class and out, and no adult could ever convince him to quit it. He was a red haired kid (“Another genetic anomaly, man, you think I can go for another court settlement?”) with port stains across his face, and a cleft nose that split in a wavy line across his face, like someone had mashed a fork over him and stranded his nostril two inches away from where it was meant to be. Brian was funny, but not just that. He was incredibly likeable and sharp. He became a bit of a rock star at school, whereas Phuong kept a lower profile.
Once an over-earnest teacher, as part of a discussion on myth, pointed out to the class that her name meant ‘Phoenix’. “The Phoenix was a bird that rose out of fire, you must know the story, would you like to tell the class about it?”
Chris was nine, and can still summon up the skin crawling feeling of embarrassment on Phuong’s behalf when the teacher started badgering her. It was the moment he understood what his Dad’s phrase about the road to hell being paved with good intentions meant.
Phuong had a stub of a leg which grew just out of her hipbone. Other kids sometimes joked about brushing up against it and feeling tingles, made cracks about reserving her the biggest seat in class. Girls gossiped that she had another ear growing at the base of her neck, and dared the crueller boys to flick at her bobbed hair to expose it. She was quiet, always speaking in a breathy whisper. Chris never figured out whether it she was because she was shy or if her vocal chords were affected, too.
They were both advanced at math and in seventh grade sat together in Mrs. Forman’s geometry class. Chris remembers desperately angling for a look down his teacher’s blouse, where something he’d been assured was ‘the promised land’ awaited, when Phuong shifted in her seat and her stub brushed him. It wasn’t the first time it had happened, but it was the first time he’d popped a boner in class.
Years later, he was at his cousin Harry’s house where he got introduced to the world of internet porn. One of the first things Harry pulled up was VP-porn shots, for laughs more than anything, because Harry was nothing if not an unrepentant asshole.
“Part of your computer education, kid. Look at this one, this guy’s got two-”
“Harry! Stop it, your mom is going to walk in here and get us arrested.”
“Uptight virgin. Unclench, there’s a whole wicked world online.”
Chris was not naïve; he’d heard the jokes and rumours about VP smut. And he was sixteen, he had a typical, if not healthy, interest in porn. He spent a couple of dark months getting a bit too interested, racking up huge bills on his parent’s crappy dial-up connection. Worrying about the state of his wrists as much as his sexuality. It was all so confusing, still, and he knew he was a late bloomer. He hadn’t had much interest from girls or boys to try turn all this new theory into practice. Eventually he joined a neighbourhood softball team to get more exercise and bulk up, and found out that his teammate Adrian Mills was up for exploring their mutual bases. Between spending all his free time playing softball or grappling with Adrian on his skinny single bed, Chris reassured himself that he was more or less alright, not too perverse to function.
Late nights in his college apartment, sometimes he reached into those teen memories for spank material. Sometimes he still worried at his own tastes. He thoroughly objectified several Paralympians, but then told himself that he’d always liked jocks since that developmental phase with Adrian. The PB generation were getting better at working out the social complexities in the wake of The Boom, but there were still terrible stereotypes and prejudices about VP and NVA (not visible but affected, a nebulous term that was meant to cover people with no obvious physical effects, but internal or other conditions). The terms VP and NVA were getting deconstructed and challenged, and Chris has stopped using them. He keeps reading about the civil rights movement, the Boom social experience, the blog network and the political leaders, to give him a better understanding. And, if he’s honest with himself, a clearer conscience.
He’d never dated anyone with a physical disability. He moved out of California to New England for college, where the Boom had left less of an impact on the population. Part of him was worried, where did the attraction for a person and the fetishization begin and end? But it was all just thoughts, so far. Chris was getting better at working through his negative ones to get to the useful ones, a result of having had a shitty year in which his dreams had been ground to dust. He was thinking this through while cleaning up at the coffee maker, at the same time assessing the rhythm and tempo of the café.
It was never of a question of whether he’d approach this guy. Once Chris saw him pull out a battered paperback copy of John Fante’s Ask the Dust, he was signed, sealed, and delivered. Chris just wanted to get the timing right. He’d noted that the guy – needed a name other than Cappuccino Table Seven for him – had made a couple of glances his way. That he’d given Chris a slow smile when he brought over his drink, that he’d said thank you three times.
He got his break at 3.15. It was a lull in the day, and the Fante reader had put the book down to stare out the window. Chris pulled his apron off and casually strolled over.
Those eyes flicked up to him. There was a go ahead there, Chris could swear.
“Hi, I’m Chris.”
“I know.”
“Name badge, right? Advantage you. I have a break now, wondered if you could stand some company for ten minutes.”
The eyes never left Chris’s face, a smile – a new one, how many did this guy have? – began to emerge. “I’m Zach. And it would be my pleasure.”
Chris sat. “I love this book. You reading it for the first time?”
“Mmm-hmmm, I bought it at a jumble sale a few years back and never got around to it, somehow. But it’s wonderful, I can already think of people I’m going to force it on.”
“I have forced that book on so many people, you have no idea. That copy is probably one I bought for someone.”
“And maybe now I have it? That’s a nice thought.”
Chris smiled back, let a beat pass. “So, do you live around here?”
“Yes, have for what, six months now? I work from home mostly, and today I was getting claustrophobic, thought I’d get out amongst the people.”
“What do you do?”
“I’m a freelance journalist, environment and science topics mostly.”
“Isn’t that kind of depressing? I mean, the environment, not the freelance – damn, I mean, it’s cool that you’re a writer.”
He laughed, and it was a wonderful rich sound. Chris felt like marginally less of an idiot after it. “Both can be pretty depressing, but without sounding like a big hippy, it’s my passion. And it’s important, and I try to get people informed and motivated with my work. Not depressed, though I make no promises.”
“Awesome. I make people wired and jumpy with my work, and their table tops cleaner, you get to change the world.”
“Hey, you make a great cup of coffee. Coffee is important, and can you imagine what we-” Zach gestured to the patrons of the café “-would be like without it? Plus, you probably make people’s day a hundred times every time you smile at them. Don’t dismiss what you do, Chris.”
Chris tried to beat down the blood rising to his cheeks, and switched topics. He used my name. Don’t be creepy, now. “What are you working on now? Something big?”
“Kinda. Well. My book.” Zach rapped the knuckles of his left- far left – hand on the table. Chris wondered if he was trying to indicate his other hand or something, but then realised: he’s knocking on wood.
“Uh, a book?”
Zach beamed. “That’s the idea.”
“What on? Non-fiction?”
“Yeah, I can’t imagine what I could come up with that would out-wonder the world we live in. It’s another depressing book about the environment.”
“I’m sorry I said that,”
“No, don’t be. We all get stressed by it.”
“What’s it about?”
“It’s about Mt. Zion, you know, the town just over, and the wildlife there. I did a story on the threat to the bat population – there are these intricate cave systems in the rocks by the river, and the pollution and town sprawl has decimated the bats. There are some types of bats on the endangered species register there, and I was interviewing this amazing woman, Mary Ellen Abt, who is fighting the town planners to get more reserve space. A friend of mine lives in Zion, so I crashed at his place-”
Christ noted the male pronoun.
“-while I was researching there. And I was walking back through the town late, after visiting the bat caves, and you can make your own Bruce Wayne joke here,”
“You both wear glasses. In a lot of the comics, at least, Wayne wears glasses. And you’re both smart.”
“I meant joke, not comparison, but I appreciate that. Thank you.”
“Keep going. Please.”
“OK. Chris. I was walking, it’s not that long, half an hour maybe, out of what feels like total wilderness to the main street. Walked past this late night pizza joint, some guy was staggering out of there on the arm of his girl, he was three sheets to the wind and she looked pissed but resigned. There was some guy by himself sitting in the window of this place, and it was a total dive, you could smell the grease a mile off. This other guy was watching them - watching her, so intensely, a lightening bolt could’ve struck me and he wouldn’t have noticed. And I thought, Nighthawks.”
“Hopper?”
“Yeah, obvious idea is obvious, I know, but then I turned the corner and there was this alleyway behind the pizzeria. Rats. Could hear them. Then in front of me, there was this sound like a wave breaking, and this huge flock of pigeons rose up into the sky. They must’ve been disturbed by something, they’d been nesting in this little stand of trees between houses. Between that and the bats, something clicked in my head. Nocturnal creatures - the story of a typical American town at night, via its wildlife.”
“That is not an obvious idea.”
“My agent didn’t think so, either. I’ve got an advance to finish the book by May.”
“And how’s it going?”
“Not terribly, I mean, painful and torturous, yes, but there’s such a luxury in working on a longer piece, and it took shape really quickly. I geeked out on the research, got to buy infra-red goggles and try them out then write it off on expenses.”
“That is very Bruce Wayne.”
Zach laughed at that. “I hadn’t thought so, but thanks. Come to think of it, Mary Ellen has like a utility belt that she wears in the bat caves. It’s a tool belt that she modified herself. She really is an amazing woman, in a better world she’s be a beloved local celebrity and not some crank who writes letters to the Mt. Zion News Chronicle.”
“Isn’t that paper like, six pages long?”
“Close. You forgot the coupon pages.” Zach drained his coffee cup. With his far left arm raised, Chris got a better look at his inner limb, hugging his slender torso.
“I’ve got to get back to work, but thanks - for telling me about the book, your book. And the bats. I’ve been here for three years and know nothing about the local wildlife. It’s kind of embarrassing.”
“There’s a wildlife sanctuary, The Eaton Estate, only ten miles from here.”
“Really? I’d love to go,”
Chris tried to beam all his enthusiasm in the words. Was prepared to hug trees.
“Well. How about this weekend?”
Smooth as glass, just putting the invite out there, so assured. Chris noticed the playfulness bubbling in Zach’s eyes.
They swapped numbers, agreed on a meeting time, and Chris put his apron back on. He quickly ran up another cappuccino and zipped back to put it in front of Zach, ducking back before his totally-official-weekend-date-and-crush-object could even say thanks.
“I saw that, Pine.”
“Not trying to be subtle here, Saldana.”
His assistant manager gently belted him with a cleaning rag. “He’s a cute one. Looked like an intense conversation.”
“He’s a writer. Journalist. Has a book coming out.”
“A writer, like you?”
Chris shook his head. “Shh! Don’t let him hear that.”
“What, Chris, don’t downplay your talent.”
Chris was, sort of, a poet. He’d had a few things published in tiny literary journals last year, and in theory was working towards a portfolio for an MFA. But considering how he was busting his ass to pay off some of his student loans, he was considering shifting his goals. Problem was, he didn’t know what to.
Karl joined them by the coffee machine. “Chris, you talked to the three-armed dude?”
Zoe rounded on him before Chris could even respond. “Jesus! He’s sitting right there, way to disparage someone, ass. The guy’s a journalist, and a friend of Chris’s, and you should try and not be such a Neanderthal.”
“I didn’t say there was anything wrong with him! Calm yourself. I mean, I’m envious. Don’t see as many mutt-ahem, differently-abled types here as I did in San Francisco.”
Zoe was glaring it out, but before she could say anything Chris moved between them towards the till. “Chris’s date, actually, is what he is. This weekend.”
“Nice work, kid. Find out his story - aaaiah! Zoe, you pinched me? Where’s the caveman love?”
Chris worked six days, seven sometimes, the barista gig, packing stock in a stationery warehouse at nights, with some tutoring on the side. Technically, he was two classes’ worth of credits away from completing his BA. He felt miles away from it. Financially, psychologically, emotionally, he had been worn out. He was beginning to swim to shore, he felt, finishing some more writing, going on runs. He stayed put in Massachusetts, kept his friends close. As Karl would point out, what kind of weirdo knew what they wanted to do for the rest of their lives, anyway?
But Zach did.
They met outside the Eaton Estate at one. Chris had come with two coffees, only to see Zach approaching him grinning, also holding two paper cups.
“Not the best use of resources, perhaps.”
“Hello yourself. What did you get me?”
“One black, one white. What do you get an excellent barista, anyway?”
Chris couldn’t help himself, Zach was smiling yet another new type of smile, standing so close to him that he could feel the heat coming off of the cups. He craned his head out and pecked Zach on the cheek. Didn’t get coffee spilt all over him, so that was a win. Chris cleared his throat. “I made two cappuccinos, you can have them both if you like. I’m not too fussy about coffee, really, used to be but began to grow out of it once my palate had been pulverised by coffee beans and sugar for so long,”
He was rambling. Zach looked amused. “I’d love one of your cappuccinos. Shall we have them here, before we go in?”
They sat next to each other on a stone wall. No talking, just watching the leaves being gathered then scattered by the wind. Chris told himself that his heart was beating because of all the caffeine. He turned to check out Zach, who was looking into the middle distance, a smile playing on his lips. He was wearing the dark navy jacket again, over an apple green Henley. Chris idly wondered if he moved here for a climate more suitable for wardrobe layering, then mentally slapped himself. Zach caught his grimace, and looked quizzically at him, so he made a show of finishing his coffee and smiling.
They wandered into the Sanctuary via the information centre, Zach casually directing them away from the guided tours and displays of fibreglass birds and straight out to a walking trail that circled the estate. It was a wetland area, so they walked on slightly elevated platforms. Zach pointed out landscape features, how the area had developed over thousands of years, and when Chris asked him, naming the birds. “What? It’s so cool that you know this.”
“Just so you don’t think I spend my weekends in a hutch with binoculars, waiting for a Great Loon to show itself.”
“Nah, you’re way more normal than birdwatchers. You’re watching bats with your night vision goggles.”
“Damn right.”
“Hey, ducks!”
Zach gave him a look, but Chris stridently ignored it and bounded over to where a woman in a blue Eaton Estate shirt was showing off ducklings to a school group.
“C’mon, Quinto, tell me some duck facts.”
A serious eyebrow number in reply, and then Zach bent down to the duckling hatch. One of the little fuzzballs waddled over to him. They moved surprisingly quickly. Zach lowered his right hand, palm up, and the bird bounded in. Carefully, Zach stood up, the duckling cradled to his chest, his inner left hand covering the right.
“Hey, little bit, you know any duck facts? Because I am fresh out, but I want to impress this cute guy with one.”
“He looks so light, like a dandelion.”
“Weighs like nothing.”
The duckling stood up, squeaked, and shook his fuzz out. Zach barked out a laugh. “Too much excitement, I think,”
He carefully placed the baby bird back down on the ground, where it waddled back off to its siblings, and grimaced at the stain on his palm. Chris already had some wet wipes ready from the display stand, and stepped forward to clean him up. They were both smiling, at that point where they might tip into mutual laughter.
“You have beautiful hands.”
It rushed out of his mouth, ahead of his better thinking.
Zach looked up at him quickly. Chris gulped, then realised the look was hot with something other than anger. He was squeezing the wipe in his fist, when Zach stepped into his space and silently reached out for both of Chris’s hands with his. Never breaking eye contact, he hold of Chris’s fist in his right hand, fingers smoothing down his wrist. Chris’s other hand was enclosed, palm against palm, between Zach’s two left hands. It felt shockingly intimate and sexy.
They stood like that for a full minute, breath ghosting between them. Then a wheezing horn sound and a fluttering at Chris’s ankle broke the moment up.
“Mama duck is here.”
“I think she’s jealous, Zach.”
“She should be. Come back to mine.”
Chris took a second to realise that he was apparently being propositioned while standing in a duck enclosure, and that the school party next to them were likely getting an eyeful. He really hoped he wasn’t going to develop an erotic association with ducks.
“I really hope I’m not going to develop an erotic association with ducks.”
Zach burst out laughing, but kept a hold on Chris’s hands, stroking his palms softly with those elegant thumbs.
“I really hope not, too.”
Zach’s place was gorgeous, a small ranch house set back from the road down a winding path. They got inside and Chris felt shy, a little overwhelmed by the casual but arty décor. Zach offered to fix them drinks, and he had an actual drinks cabinet, it looked to be made of hand-carved wood. Chris had a tiny beer fridge in the shape of R2D2 that an ex-roommate had left behind and drank out of chipped coffee mugs that were going to get tossed out at work.
They settled on the porch with their drinks, Gimlets, for God’s sake – “This is the sort of thing people drink in Raymond Chandler novels.”
“I have to live a few literary fantasies. The reality is not nearly as exiting.”
Chris smiled wryly at that. He felt Zach look at him. “Speaking of…were you going to mention your writing to me?”
“Ouch.”
“What? It’s called a search engine. You’re a poet. A good one, from the two I managed to track down.”
“Goddamn Woodward and Bernstein researching ninja journalist.”
“I am not the only person you have dated who has looked up your poems.”
“I wouldn’t be so sure. You and my Mom, maybe, have read them. Most of my friends either crack jokes about dirty limericks or are supportive in a, that’s nice, please don’t make me read them, sort-of-way.”
“But it’s not like you were writing crazy conspiracy theories or, I don’t know, about your tentacle fantasies. Angry letters to the editor demanding VPs get neutered.”
“I don’t think our date would have got quite so far if I’d done that.”
“Probably not. Unless I was luring you here to bury you in the backyard for the good of the cause.”
Zach’s tone was light, but Chris wasn’t sure how to navigate this. “It’s not very well-represented in the media in New England, um, I notice, I mean I don’t know how much shit you have to put up with, how many douches are out there. Plenty, I guess.”
“Douches are universal, as far as I can tell, although there are certainly regional variants. But I’ve not found this area – I mean, no burning crosses on my front yard or anything. If anyone is writing neuter-positive editorials, I’ve missed them. It’s a college town, minds tend to be a little more open.”
Chris nodded. “There was a huge campus party the year I got here when that nutbag senator’s birth registration bill was shot down. Not that you need a huge amount to convince college kids to party.”
“True. But it’s little things like that which can get a few people thinking a bit, switch them on to abstract ideas and becoming politically aware. The older I get, the more I see that. I always had to be on top of that, when you’re a minority – VP, or “non-limited disability” as my driver’s licence says-”
“Whoever came up with that deserves to be buried in a backyard, for what they did to the English language. Sorry, keep going.”
“No, you’re right, zero tolerance policy for that. What I was saying, just that I never had the choice of not be politically aware, my parents read me the Bill of Rights instead of fairy tales, it’s just got to be part of your awareness because you will get pushed around, and ignorance isn’t a choice. What you do with that knowledge is up to you, it took me some time to realise that movements work best with people going in many different directions for the same cause. That is, fighting VP prejudice, gay rights, green issues, anything worth fighting for. All of it.”
Chris wish he could think of something wise to say, but he just wanted Zach to keep talking.
“I went hardcore for a while, one summer. Moved into a squat run by a separatist group, thought that implies that they were organised. It was…interesting. There was an anarchist, a freetarian, an actual pimp with an actual limp, bunch of horny teenage punk boys, some people crazy or broken by the world and not by their bodies. I slept through the days, in a tepee in a parking lot, then stayed up all night talking revolution and drinking rocket fuel. The parties we threw were so epic, straights turned up.”
Chris didn’t have to check what Zach meant by ‘straights’. “Which led to fights, you can imagine – if you treat us like a freakshow, we’ll terrorise you right back.”
“Is that what it felt like?”
“Terrorism?”
“A freakshow. I’m sorry, I shouldn’t say that,”
“Chris, I used the word. It’s a good question. It never did when I was in that place. Sure, though, it has. It’s been part of my life forever. You can smell it on people, the noxious attitude, the morbidity of seeing something different. How you can be a five year old boy walking the dog with his parents, and also be a monster.”
“Jesus. That’s awful.”
“It is. I had great parents, but it’s not something that can be undone. Chanting Gabba-gabba-hey for hours, high as a kite, with a bunch of other monsters in a derelict warehouse, that helped. But leaving there to go to school and doing work I’m passionate about did, too. There’s lots of ways through. Art, education, love. As well as rallies. And the occasional riot,”
“Were you in North Side St? 1999? Oh my god, Zach, you were!”
“Part of the planning committee for the original flashmob, which like you know descended into a complete clusterfuck. This guy Ruthless, he brought a chainsaw out of nowhere, whipped his dick out from his cargos and began running through the streets. It was the most incredible night. I was scared shitless. I felt alive, like I was plugged directly into a generator.
“My friend Maxine, she was there, too, got knocked about by the cops after we lost track of each other. I never really believed anything would save Maxi, she was always fragile, looked like a silent movie actress. But she’s living in Arizona now, founded an art colony there. She sends me these tiny slivers of hand painted pottery.”
He stood up, indicated that Chris follow him. It's dusk, the rooms inside are mostly in shadows. Zach leads him to a white bowl on a shelf. Looking inside, Chris can see colours dancing along arrowheads and peninsulas. He thinks about old maps, rockpools, nebulas.
He doesn’t want to talk, wants to stay there as the light fades out and leaves them alone with each other.
Zach brushes Chris’s side, turning towards him slowly. Then they were fumbling, Chris trying to get Zach's lips full on in the half-light. He finally kisses him fully, staggering into perfection, just lips, heat, wetness. Zach was pulling him in by his shoulders, and his waist - oh my Holiest God, that's it. Chris took handfuls of the shirt in front of him, hummed his wholehearted approval and Zach moved his tongue into his mouth.
They were both noisy, making obscene noises into each other’s mouth like amateurish teenagers. Zach moved to bite at Chris’s chin, angling his head with a hand while two others rubbed at his back. Their legs were locked together and they were almost standing on each other’s feet. Chris felt dizzy with the mix of sensation, as Zach sucked and nipped at his neck.
“Oh fuck oh fuck oh fuck. Zach, wait, wait,”
One of Zach’s hands pauses halfway down the back of Chris’s pants, another stills over his zipper. The hand on his chin tips his face up to look at concerned eyes.
“What’s wrong? Too fast?”
“I’m just – we better get horizontal soon, tonight, promise?”
Chris couldn’t bear the idea of having to walk out of here on just a kiss.
“Really?” An eyebrow flares. “This doing that much for you?”
The two hands in his pants start grinding on him, while the fingers on his chin get slightly firmer.
“Mmmf – yes! You have an unfair advantage.”
It was like the drink had gone straight to his brain. But Zach didn’t cut it out, just looked extra wicked. “Seems pretty fair to me, Pine.”
“Take this goddamn jacket off, I can barely feel you.”
Zach complied, and Chris dared to raise his hands up to Zach’s left side, nestling his fingers in the warm gap between his two arm joints. He moaned with satisfaction.
“Feels so good, Chris.”
“Off, shirt off, I want to see,”
He was whining, he knew. His fingers plucked over the fabric at the muscles in Zach’s arms.
“But then I have to let you go. Oh, but you like my arms so much, huh?”
Zach was being playful, but when Chris heard that as those hands left his body, a primitive part of his brain freaked out and shot a major alarm to his nervous system. He froze on the spot. “No, I didn’t mean – I’m not a – I’m so sorry, Zach,”
Chris stepped away from the hot aura around Zach. Humiliation burned through him. Zach was standing there, shirt off, and Chris had squeaked out an apology, for God’s sake. He felt so pathetic.
“Chris? Um, what just happened?”
“I just want you to know into you, for your mind, and I’m not – I mean, you can’t indict someone for every single thing they jerk off to! Jesus, that’s not fair.”
“You’ve jerked off to – what, wait-”
Suddenly Zach gets it. “VP stuff? Chris, et tu Brutus?”
“Oh God, I’m sorry, I know,”
Chris reeled further back, hands in his hair, feeling like he was a teen and his parents had found his weed stash, not sure how his stupid mouth had got him in to this much trouble.
“You get off on VP porn?”
“No! Well. I was a horny teenager with a modem once, I’m not proud, don’t laugh…”
“Have you seen ‘Two Hot Two Handles’? Ruthless makes a cameo during the orgy scene,”
Zach’s laughing, and it’s not a laugh of contempt and bitterness. Chris turns to him. “I don’t want you thinking I’m some devo,”
“Chris, have you looked in a mirror? Would I care? No, no – I’m kidding, get your fine ass back here. Seriously, I don’t care. Don’t. Care.”
“How did you get this out of me?”
Zach wrapped his arms all around him. “Didn’t realise I was activating your confession mode, is it always turned on  by your dick?”
Chris sags into Zach’s shoulder, wanting to hide his blush. Mutters into the shirt fabric, “Like a goddamn lie detector.”
“How intriguing. Let me try it out. Are you wondering if I have two handles?”
Chris pokes him in the ribs, sharply, instead of talking.
“Hey! Maybe that was an invite for you to find out?”
“Maybe I’m a mature human being who’s waiting for a better line that ‘Wanna know if I have two handles’, I mean, goddamn Zach, that’s terrible.”
“You can respect me, you can respect all over meeeee-”
Chris nipped at his earlobe. “Asshole. I’ll write to the Mt. Zion Chronicle about your perpetration of unfair stereotypes.”
“How about penetration of hopelessly adorable barista poets, instead?”
“Does your dick activate some sort of cheesy porn dialogue?”
“Hmm, maybe it does when you get close to it. And you are very close. I’m going to take you to bed now, as per your previous request.”
Chris willingly let himself be led forward by three hands.
In the bedroom, Zach turned a light on, and smiled at Chris, who flushed with pleasure. He’d get to see everything, and Zach wanted to look at him. Then his rational thoughts pretty much disappeared as Zach crawled over him on the bed, propped up on one hand as the other two got rid of his clothes. They kissed and pulled at each other, still laughing. Chris felt a fire in his belly, which went supernova as he got to run his hands properly over Zach’s heavily muscled back, slim waist and hips, and down to his ass. Zach was arched over him, mouth over one of Chris’s nipples, which was currently enjoying the greatest sensation it had known in its lifetime.
“You’re perfect, just perfect,”
The sensation – teeth, lips, tongue – on his chest paused. No no no. “I snore. I have a missing toenail on my right foot. I can never remember phone numbers.”
“Jesus, Zach, you’re perfect, when you don’t stop so don’t fucking stop – oh God,”
Chris felt the smile on his chest. He thought it was a brand new one to him. He wondered how many he would see tonight.
Chris got pushed up to the headboard and got to feel one hand on his chest, flicking a nipple, another holding his hipbone just where the skin was thinnest and most sensitive, and another curling over his balls. He opened his mouth to verbally express his pleasure at this situation, but all that came out were guttural groans. They got louder when that mouth was lowered over his cockhead, and Chris pulled up his head to lock eyes with Zach as he sucked his cheeks and deepthroated him.
The hand playing with his balls moved and a finger slid up the side of Chris’s cock, where Zach’s head was bobbing up and down. Slick with saliva, Chris could feel the digit move down, and he spread his legs wider in invitation.
As Zach moved his finger over his pucker, Chris grunted out a warning. He ached to feel Zach inside him, but he could already feel the white heat at the base of his spine building, about to shoot. Zach didn’t pull off, sucked him through it, messily and loudly. It was about the most beautiful thing Chris had ever seen.
He sunk back into the bed, boneless, with just enough energy to tug at Zach’s shoulder. “Come here,”
A smirk. “As you wish.”
“Kiss me, smart ass.”
Opening his mouth over Chris’s, Zach shared his taste with him, their tongues tangling. It was a sloppy kiss, and Chris could feel Zach’s cock – singular – against his hipbone. He reached down for it, feeling Zach’s blood pulse. Another hand joined his, and their fingers interlocked as their eyes met.
“So blue.”
Zach was talking to him, nonsense phrases, panting, and then with a low, yearning sound he came. Chris lifted Zach’s hand up to lick it clean.
The next day Chris woke at daybreak, morning light pouring in the windows. He was encircled by three arms, a leg between his, Zach’s face scrunched up against his shoulder. Chris waited, but couldn’t detect any snoring.
Perfect, he thought. Completely perfect.

Year 1, April 6th.
His feet pattered against the ground as he set a clear path for his house. Nothing feels right today, he thinks. Nothing feels normal. He shrugs this feeling off, however, when he pushes the button for the crosswalk, awaiting the red to fade into an indicatory green for him to go. Eventually, it does, and the cars don’t hinder his movement as he nears his house.
Jaehwan didn’t have a very exciting life. He walked to school, did his thing, and went home. Home didn’t really hold a special place in his heart either. Everything became a sort of boring routine and he didn’t really take much initiative to change that. Walking down the right side of the sidewalk was only evident in reflecting that Jaehwan had no intention of changing at all, but something eventually was going to change the schedule.
He rounded the corner, adjusting his backpack so the straps weren’t digging into his back. He huffed from the weight of several textbooks, most of which he probably wasn’t going to use during the school year anyway. Most teachers just passed out a worksheet and deemed it good enough. Jaehwan wasn’t complaining, but still, it didn’t really help his overwhelming workload already. He classified carrying his backpack full of brick-like textbooks extracurricular work.
A stark white that contrasted the green of his lawn caught Jaehwan’s eye, and as soon as he had looked, he had caught the eye of a certain stranger outside his home. He blinked a few times to make sure he was actually there, and sure enough, he was. The boy was tall, wearing a sweater the color of roseate, a discrepancy against his milky skin. He raised his head, showing his face under the alabaster of his hat. His gaze was piercing, and Jaehwan took everything he had not to gulp and run away like a screaming little girl on the spot.
Jaehwan hesitantly stepped towards the strange boy standing next to his front door, and upon reaching closer to him, he found he was about three centimeters taller than him, with the added height the hat was giving him. Probably a mere two centimeters, Jaehwan notes. Jaehwan is admittedly scared of the boy staring at him from under the brim of his hat that he almost shakes in the Converse he’s wearing. All his fears wash away, however, when the boy offers his hand with a comforting smile that looked as though it was rare whenever someone saw it.
“Let’s go,” he says, nothing more. He’s still holding out his hand, expectant for Jaehwan to take it. He feels a certain comfort in this boy, even if he looks a little blurred around the edges. He’s uncertain, but as soon as his hand lands in the other boy’s, he feels warmth spread throughout his entire body. He’s never felt that way before. He surmises it feels nice.
They walk along the sidewalk; no clear path is determined, and the mysterious boy holding Jaehwan’s hand doesn’t say a word. The atmosphere is comfortable and peaceful, and the only sounds that were heard were the both of their footsteps moving in sync, along with the bluebirds chirping and the toxic chugging of a car engine. Something about it felt like home to Jaehwan, something he’d been waiting for a while, and he wished this moment would carry on forever.
He doesn’t pluck up the courage to ask anything of the boy; he doesn’t feel he has to. Just the grasp of each other’s hands is enough. And eventually, something does change. The boy plucks a clover from the grass, ripping off one singular petal and setting it back on the ground. Jaehwan could have sworn he heard the boy mumbling something, but it was barely audible and completely unintelligible. He figures he doesn’t need to ask.
Jaehwan does have the courage to ask only one thing this first day he’s seen the boy. He feels as though the question is eating away at him, so much so that he doesn’t even notice the query tumble from his lips until the boy swivels his head to lock eyes with Jaehwan. “What’s your name?” The boy turns to the left, peering at Jaehwan. He pauses for a second to ponder if he should answer that, before sending a positively beautiful smile Jaehwan’s way. He feels as though he’ll melt when he hears the boy’s voice.
“Taekwoon. Jung Taekwoon.”
Year 2, April 6th.
Every day since April 6th, Jaehwan had been yearning to see Taekwoon. He would come home from school in a rush, not even caring if cars had hit him. Every time he would come to his door, however, he wouldn’t see the familiar cream diversifying his house's brown. And then, he’d sigh, dragging his feet into the house and feeling absolutely dreadful for the rest of the afternoon. But by the next day, he’d repeat the cycle. He longed for Taekwoon.
It had only been one meeting, and Taekwoon looked as though he was only a mirage, but Jaehwan knew better. Jaehwan knew in his heart that he’d come back. Someday. He didn’t know when, but he had hoped by his birthday he would be graced with Taekwoon on the same day he was last year. He crossed his fingers every night and did everything he could to heighten his good luck.
Somehow, all of those techniques he’d been doing had paid off. Because when he was walking along the sidewalk a year later, Taekwoon was leaning against his house, the same way he had been a year prior. Jaehwan’s face erupted into a gleeful and childish smile, and he neglected his backpack on the sidewalk to run up to Taekwoon. He curiously locked eyes with the boy’s once again and didn’t find that the familiar spark he saw a year ago went out. It was still as mysterious and lively as ever.
“Let’s go,” Taekwoon says, offering his hand in the same way he had before. Jaehwan doesn’t reluctantly take it this time but laces their fingers together almost instantly. Taekwoon’s smile widens at the immediate affection coming from Jaehwan and swings their arms together as they walk down the sidewalk again. And, same as before, Taekwoon picks a clover from the grass and pulls off some petals. This time, however, he tears away two petals instead of the one he did before.
Jaehwan doesn’t question it. He doesn’t find it in his heart that he can.
Instead, he just squeezes Taekwoon’s hand affectionately, causing his eyeballs to nearly pop out of his skull at the sudden intensity of his clutch. After that, though, Jaehwan is rewarded with a light chuckle. One so light that he might not have even heard it in the first place. But he does. And Jaehwan’s face illuminates with a toothy grin, making the crinkles around his eyes appear. Jaehwan hadn’t been happier than when he had been with Taekwoon.
He can’t explain it, but he feels a fondness and closeness to him. He barely knows anything about Taekwoon, but he feels as though there’s something there. He leans to the right, slightly hovering over Taekwoon before resting his head on Taekwoon’s shoulder, still holding the boy’s hand. Taekwoon rakes his hand through Jaehwan’s hair, and the other boy can notice he’s wearing four silver rings. It’s endearing to him.
“Taekwoon, what’s your favorite color?” He asks.
“I like silvers and whites, but my absolute favorite color is red if you must know.” Jaehwan’s happy that he speaks more this time.
Year 3, April 6th.
Jaehwan starts to notice a pattern happening and he’s frustrated. So when he sees Taekwoon standing there in his hat and staring at Jaehwan with ambiguity, a flurry of questions rush out of him as Taekwoon says, “Let’s go.”
“Why do you come on the same day every year?”
“I don’t know.” Taekwoon’s never been that much of a talker, and Jaehwan respects that. But today he definitely wants answers. Something, anything, that can heal the pounding headache he has from driving himself up a wall from stress.
“Why do we do the same thing every day?”
“I don’t know.”
Jaehwan huffs, about to disconnect their hands, but Taekwoon grasps his hand back into its tight hold, squeezing it a little and running his thumb over the top of Jaehwan’s hand. “Don’t leave,” he mumbles. Jaehwan hears the sincerity in his voice and a small smile curves into his lips. He can’t turn down Taekwoon. Not at all. Not when he’s wormed his way into Jaehwan’s heart.
He can’t deny it, he has feelings for this boy. He feels dumb and stupid for feeling this way, but it doesn’t stop the onslaught of palpitations his heart gives every time Taekwoon smiles at him or squeezes his hand just a little tighter when he starts to drift off the sidewalk into the grass. All his sweet little quirks, like how his nose twitches when he smells the flowers, or how his eyes appear, a thick black abyss against his cream hat.
Jaehwan feels his heart pumping when Taekwoon halts, expecting him to take an initiative. Instead, he picks up another clover, plucking three petals off of it before setting it down. Before they start strolling along, however, Jaehwan stops Taekwoon. “C-Could I…m-maybe…h-hug you?” Jaehwan’s voice comes out in a stutter, and he hadn’t even originally planned it. Taekwoon’s smile makes him less insecure, and once he feels strong arms around him, Jaehwan’s confidence boosts.
He hasn’t felt any safer than he did in Taekwoon’s arms.
He accepts the embrace, snuggling into Taekwoon’s chest, and devouring the moment for all it was. A simple hug to someone would not be as meaningful as it was for Jaehwan right now. Taekwoon was leaning over Jaehwan, the small height difference at his advantage as he planted a small kiss to Jaehwan’s head, sweeping his slender fingers into the chestnut brown hair of the boy in his arms. Eventually, though, all good things must come to an end and it drained Jaehwan immensely when Taekwoon pulled away. Or maybe it could have been the fatigue he was experiencing. He wasn’t able to sleep recently.
He was always thinking about Taekwoon.
Taekwoon’s fingers find Jaehwan’s hand again, and they intertwine for another time. The day comes to a close where they turn around, and Jaehwan is escorted back to his house, like all the years before. Everything was picture perfect and pinpoint exactly to how the first day went, minus some minor changes. Jaehwan was fine that the interactions changed each day, but he promised himself he’d be a little bolder next time.
“Goodbye, Taekwoon,” he says the first time that year.
Year 4, April 6th.
Jaehwan finds it harder to sleep every night. His nights are found awake, obsessively pondering over the idea of what it would be like to kiss Taekwoon or go on an actual date with him. Any idea of being simply with Taekwoon kept Jaehwan up all night and endlessly excited. His mother and other friends were worried about him. Jaehwan ignored all their calls and pleas. He didn’t want them to interrupt his plan for the next time he’d see Taekwoon.
Then the day finally comes, and he ignores the surprise birthday party his mom set up for him. He’d promised he’d be there after his mom had to disclose the information to him. He knew he’d be with Taekwoon for a bit, though. Taekwoon ruled over everything else that was somewhat important. Jaehwan knew that. He just wanted Taekwoon to finally know.
Today he was going to confess.
Dark circles were under his eyes, evident that he hadn’t been indulging in the pleasure that was sleep. To him, it didn’t seem necessary anymore. His sleeping schedule was messed up, and he knew that. Did he care? No.
Could he fix it? No.
He dropped his backpack off on the grass near his door and accepted the hand offered to him the fourth time.
They walk side by side together, the adoration prevalent in Jaehwan’s tired eyes as he gazes endlessly at Taekwoon. He doesn’t appear to have aged a day, or even wore a different outfit. He still wore the same sweater and hat, every single year. Jaehwan finds it odd, but his brain really isn’t in the mood for questioning things. The only thing that’s on his mind is the sinful Taekwoon, taking meticulous steps next to him.
“Taekwoon?” The boy hums in response, rubbing his thumb in the dips in Jaehwan’s fingers. “Can I tell you something?” Taekwoon stops, turning to Jaehwan and giving him his full attention.
“What is it?”
“I love you,” he admits, staring right into the chasm of onyx that was Taekwoon’s eyes. They widen slightly. It was evident Taekwoon wasn’t expecting that at all. But nevertheless, he gives a look of understanding to Jaehwan.
“I love you too,” he returns back to a giddy Jaehwan. There’s a feeling deep within Jaehwan that screams at him, telling him Taekwoon isn’t telling the truth, but he doesn’t care.
All he does is lay his lips over Taekwoon’s without another word.
Taekwoon kisses back with equal fervor and removes his hand from Jaehwan’s to place on the boy’s hips. It all feels so very real and amazing to the boy who had initiated the kiss, and it was absolute bliss. It was also the coup de grâce. Taekwoon pulls away, giving Jaehwan a comforting smile and kneeling down on his knees to take a clover again from the ground.
This time, only the stem remains as he plucks the four petals off of it. He flicks the stem off somewhere unknown instead of setting it down nicely as he did before.
Jaehwan doesn’t notice it, but Taekwoon’s hat is tainted red now. Drips cascade down and stain the ivory of his hat. Each splatter joins together as it drips down, and Jaehwan touches his upper lip and stares down at it. It’s stained in red. He’s bleeding.
Patches of black appear swirled in the environment around him, and he feels woozy. Taekwoon’s gaze appears menacing now as his face rests into an indifferent expression. He takes his hat off and he simply gawks at the maroon blotches on his hat. “I like this better. I told you I liked red the best,” he says, his smile not appearing so comforting in the black patches in Jaehwan’s vision. Jaehwan’s eyes roll to the back of his head and he falls to the ground, shaking and convulsing without any sign of stopping.
Taekwoon simply leans down, the indifferent gaze plastered to his face as he caresses Jaehwan’s cheek as white foam beads from the other boy’s mouth. “I’m sorry for making you sick, ‘Hwannie,” Taekwoon announces. He raises up from his position after giving Jaehwan a light pat on the cheek. He pulls his hat back on, still reminiscent of the crimson liquid beading upon it. He pays no mind to it as he walks further down the sidewalk than he ever had when he was with Jaehwan.
Year 4, May 15th.
If Jaehwan’s mom hadn’t found him outside, he imagines he would have never stopped seizing.
He practically lives at the hospital now. Treatment of the tumor inside his brain is brutal, and he’s starting to lose the remaining strands of hair on his head. Radiation therapy often leaves him fatigued, and he sleeps most of the time after his session anyways. Fleeting thoughts of Taekwoon never seem to stop, however.
Before he started treatment, the doctors were baffled at how long his tumor had been in development. It was huge. Almost life-threatening enough to cause his death had there been another year of malignant tumor growth. They ask Jaehwan when he noticed symptoms, but he doesn’t answer. He doesn’t know. He has no idea.
He bites his lip in thought. It’s only been a month since he’s seen Taekwoon, but he misses him. He wonders when he’ll get to go home again and see him on his birthday. He just hopes he won’t have to spend it cooped up inside the hospital. He hopes his cancer isn’t that bad after all.
Sometimes he looks out the window and he daydreams about him. It’s not easy staying here, being fed barely edible hospital food, and constantly being tired and missing out on the world around him. Spring was in full swing, and Jaehwan couldn’t even smell the flowers anymore like he yearned to. Sitting in his armchair wasn’t easy. Nothing really ever was.
Months passed by silently. His mother was concerned for his well being, but in all honestly, Jaehwan didn’t even know if he could find the excitement anymore. His heart panged for Taekwoon; so much so that it was deadly to him. The doctor said that at any time his tumor could come back, so they made sure to keep full watch on him after his first treatment was done.
In July, they let him go. They determined he was healthy enough to live a normal life, and by then, it was a bittersweet vacation for him. When he walks down the sidewalk towards his house, he sees daisies and sunflowers in full bloom in the flower box near his front door. He cries. He didn’t know he could see the beauty in things so trivial until this moment.
The months fly by without a relapse. And for that, Jaehwan is grateful. He hated being cooped up in between the dreary gray walls, hearing destructive coughs near him in the next room. It diminished his moral; made him feel absolutely worthless. In August, Jaehwan practically skipped throughout the neighborhood. He felt infinitely better. But still, he always wondered if he’d see Taekwoon on his birthday next year.
All the holidays whirred around in his mind and he was temporarily distracted. Sooner or later, he was counting down the milliseconds until the clock hit twelve, a new year upon him. Hopefully, he’ll head into the new year being cancer-free. But there’s always this looming doubt clouding his mind. Along with wishes of his New Years’ kiss to be Taekwoon.
Year 5, April 6th.
When the new year approaches, Jaehwan finds himself back in school with a blank slate. He hopes he won’t be known as “the kid who got cancer” this year. He hopes he’ll graduate with a high head, expecting university to be wonderous and full of amazing memories. But today’s a special day. It’s his birthday. And his mother wants him to come home right away. She has a surprise for him, she says.
But there’s one thing he has to check.
He actively speeds down the crosswalk towards his house. His backpack feels lighter this year, and it feels great. Nothing’s weighing him down this time as he rushes down the sidewalk. His house is far in the distance, but he walks as fast as he can muster, heavy breaths tumbling out of him as he plunges into the only birthday wish he’s ever wanted to have. Jaehwan isn’t expecting what he sees when he drops his bag.
He doesn’t drop his bag to run into Taekwoon’s arms this time. He drops it in shock.
Because he doesn’t see Taekwoon there. There’s no glint of white catching his eye, or a hand offered to him, or any inkling of a sunshine smile headed his way. He tries to blink, to make sure he isn’t seeing things because Taekwoon has to be there. He has to. But when Jaehwan opens his eyes, there’s nothing. His breathing slows, and he doesn’t even notice the new car that’s for him in the driveway because he’s dropped to his knees in absolute hysteria.
He tries to fight his tears, to tell himself that maybe Taekwoon’s late, or maybe he just forgot to come today. He knew those were all lies, though. Taekwoon was never late. Taekwoon always remembered. After the realization hit him, the dam had overflown, and tears were pouring from Jaehwan’s eyes. He sobbed, long and hard, into his hands, which was still reminiscent of Taekwoon’s light touches.
As soon as he started, his mind began to get foggy. Was he forgetting Taekwoon? He couldn’t be. That couldn’t be. He tried to shake his mind to remember the tingle of his lips on his own, how warm and homey the embrace fell, how brightly Taekwoon’s smile stood out to him that it made his insides fuzzy. He tried to remember all of that, but his mind was numbing his heart. Why?
He never finds the answer. By year 6, Jaehwan forgets.

by Many and Varied
Author's disclaimer: The characters aren't mine, these tidbits aren't mine.
Anyone who sues over this stuff, needs their head examined.
Pairings: J/B (mostly!)
Rating: the whole range
Tidbit #1
Surfing the Stars
Jim walked into the loft trying to figure out what had his little honey
typing so damn fast.
"Chief, wassup?"  He walked up behind the couch his lover was sitting
on and leaned over him, planting a kiss on the top of the curly head.
"Oh man, I just got a great story idea, but I don't know if it'll pan
out. See, I was talking to some pals tonight, and one of them started
talking Voyager right?  So, I mention how I'd looooove to see Chak and
Paris make like bunnies, but someone else says no way!  She wants it
to be Chak and Janeway. Well, I've been thinking, and I can picture Janeway
and Seven, but Chak definitely belongs to Paris.  I mean, it's so obvious,
don't you think?"
Jim looked down at Blair and seriously considered his answer.  He'd seen
all of three Voyager eps, and had no clue who Blair was talking about.
"Ya know baby...I can't see any of them together," Jim's hand made
its way into Blair's shirt, gently pulling on the nipple ring he found.
He loved the little gasp Blair emitted, and bent his head to lick the
nearest ear.  His mouth then made its way down his younger lover's jaw,
finally finding his lush, sweet lips.  Finally, he broke for air, "But,
I can definitely see...us...upstairs...trying out my little surprise..."
Blair watched as Jim pulled up a plain paper bag and showed him the contents.
The Grad student's eyes opened wide as he blindly fumbled for the power
switch on his computer, then together, the two men headed upstairs...
the end
shanny
Tidbit #2
Obsenad:
"Sandburg, you are not going to bring that, that scruffy little furball
home with us," Jim ordered sternly.  It really was a pathetic looking
specimen, hardly more than 4 or 5 weeks old, its tiny face unwashed and
its paws (now digging into Sandburg's chest as it purred) almost black
with dirt.
Sandburg's wide blue eyes were almost the exact shade as the kitten's.
"But Jim," he said urgently, cradling the little body protectively. "We
can't just leave it here!  It's starving!  And it's just a baby!"
Jim hardened his heart, a difficult thing to do in the face of his Guide's
distress.  "I'm probably allergic to cats," he said firmly.  "I'm not
saying we should leave it in the alley, Sandburg.  But we can take it
to the Humane Society."
"Do you know how many kittens they have to put to sleep because no-one
wants them?" Blair demanded.
"Well, no," Jim admitted, feeling the ground dissolving under him.
"And I don't remember ever testing you for an allergy to cats," continued
Blair relentlessly. "We wouldn't have to keep it indefinitely, y'know.
Just until it's a little older & then I could put an ad in the paper
or ask around the university.  I'm sure I could find it a good home!"
The kitten and Sandburg stared at him with almost identically appealing
eyes.  Almost against his will, Jim touched the tiny scrap with a tentative
forefinger.  The baby fur was soft as down where he stroked it, and the
rumbling purr cranked up another notch.
He knew he was going to regret it.  He'd probably spend the next few
weeks sneezing his head off.  But he couldn't resist the dual plea. 
He capitulated. "OK.  But only until you can find it another home.  And
I am not going to get allergy shots, Sandburg, so you can just forget
about keeping it!"
Blair's radiant smile melted his last resistance.  A sturdy body hurtled
into his arms, hugging him hard, but taking care not to crush the kitten.
Jim pressed his cheek against his Guide's soft curls and wondered - how
bad could allergy shots be, anyway?
--finis--
Brenna
Tidbit #3
"Blair, honey.  Could you come here a moment?"  Jim's voice drifted out
of the office space they had recently converted Blair's old bedroom into.
Sighing quietly, Blair turned away from the television to attend to Jim.
"Jim, man, I've already been in here a million times.  You've got to
learn how to work the internet by yourself.  I can't do it all for you,
what happens if someday I'm not here?"
"No.  No.  I've figured out how to get my mail by myself, it's just someone
on one of my lists is looking for something that I know you've got
the answer for, but I just can't seem to find it."
"Oh, well then.  What's she looking for?"
"Well a friend of hers is a big Xena fan, but doesn't like hanging out
in the Xena Newsgroup 'cause it's too open, the level of conversation
often centers around the size of Xena's tits, and in general it often
doesn't really discuss Xena at all.  She's looking for any private mailing
lists that might be out there.  I know you had some information just
sent to you the other day, but I can't find where you filed it."
"Sure, Jim, just give me a second and I'll have it right for you.  Does
she want slash, gen or Joxer/Ares?  I've got info on all of them."
"Well, she doesn't really say, why don't you just give me everything,
I'll pass it along and she can make her own decisions."
"OK.  Here you go, Jim, see I put it in the mailbox named, Mail Lists.
All you have to do is click on the message, type in her address and send
it off."
"Thanks, Chief.  Now let's say you and I go pretend we're Joxer and Ares."
"You're on!  First one to the loft gets to wear the black leather!"
--end--
Kelly
Tidbit #4
Going, Going...Gone
"Aw, man, I don't believe this."
Jim Ellison carefully refolded the newspaper and placed it on the table
before addressing his obviously upset lover. "What's wrong, Chief? People
griping on the list again?"
"No, Jim, nothing like that. I went to see if an author had added anything
new to her website and none of the pages are there.  Poof!  Gone, just
like that."
"Did you type in the right URL?" Jim asked, trying to be helpful.
Sandburg glared at the other man momentarily, shaking his head and mouthing
something even sentinel ears couldn't pick up. "Yes, Jim... I'm sure.
The reason I'm upset is because I just checked my discussion list and
the author posted a message stating that she pulled all her work from
the net, including her web site. She said it was because of another fandom
she writes in, not the one about the two guys we like."
Jim pushed back his chair and walked over to Sandburg, then wrapped his
arms securely around the other man and kissed him lightly on the cheek.
"I'm sorry to hear that, Chief.  Is she still going to post stories about
the guys?"
"No, and that's the part that really sucks.  She said she's only going
to submit stories to zines from now on.  Like I can really afford a lot
of those."
The detective squeezed his lover a bit tighter, then whispered softly
in Blair's ear, "Guess we'll just have to add zines to the budget, won't
we?"
The anthropologist chuckled lightly. "Jim, have I told you how much I
love you lately?"
"Not since we woke up.  But I don't mind hearing it again."
Sandburg turned slightly in the chair, tilted his head up and said smiling,
"I love you, James Ellison."
An answering smile, then Blair found lips pressed firmly against his
own, a tongue demanding entrance and fire spreading through his loins.
After several moments, Ellison reluctantly pulled away, panting heavily.
"I know, Blair.  I love you too.  Why don't we go upstairs and I'll show
you how much?"
No further words were needed as the two men headed up the stairs hand
in hand.
Laura
Tidbit #5
Obsenad:
"Jim, what are you reading?"
The large cop quickly tried to hide the magazine but failed.
"Cosmo?  Jim, seriously..."
"Just reading the other team's playbook."
"Right.  You're looking at the ads."
"How would you know?" Jim went back to reading as he tossed out
the insinuation.
"Hey!"
"So, as the expert, what do girl geeks do?"
"Huh?"
Jim put down the magazine.  "Instead of looking at the pictures
in National Geographic.  Don't tell me that wasn't a factor."
"Guess I've never really thought about it."
Jim gave a look of disbelief.  "Sandburg not thinking about girls?
I better call Simon."
"Well, you could say I had my own issues.  I suppose there should
be some research out there."
Jim looked just a bit incredulous.  "About alternatives to the
National Geographic?"
"No, about Lacanian effects on the psycho-sexual development
of pre-pubescent girls vis a vis popular media.  Though your question
would be specifically regarding those self-defined as smart."
"But you never just asked one?"
This time it was Blair that looked nonplused.
--end--
Cynara
Tidbit #6
Obsenad:
"See, Chief, we've still got some control around here."
"Hey, man, I'm warning you.  Don't piss Grey off."
"Why the hell not?  Not a damn thing any fanfic writer can do that UPN
can't. I mean how many times can those folks blow up a fucking truck,
Chief?"
"Jim, man, did I mention that hurt/comfort deal?"
"What the hell are you talking about, Sandburg?"
"Oh, man, you wouldn't believe the shit those fanfic subcultures junkies
do to slash couples, man."
"Slash couples, Chief?"
"Jesus, Jim, don't you ever listen?  I told you, man.  Two guys together."
"Oh, yeah, that."
"Anyway, they'll do really terrible stuff, Jim, beat one of us up like
really bad and then they'll make the other moan and suffer and feel like
real guilty, and man, this Grey is always bopping me on the head, man.
I can't tell you how many times I've been in the fucking hospital just
because YOU get pissed off and refuse to feed the stories like you're
supposed to.  You just don't care, man.  I knew it all along, but this
is it, Jim.  This is so not cool. You've got to do something."
"You're exaggerating again, Chief.  Nobody reads that stuff.  Why should
I keep talking if I don't feel like it?  They're my stories for christsakes.
Besides it's a control thing."
"Yeah?  Well, control yourself later when you get needy and Grey's knocked
me unconscious and had some psycho dress me up like his kid sister or
his partner in some UFO lab scene.  Then again, with your thing about
red-heads, maybe that's what you want, man, me in some fucking red wig.
Oh, man, that would like so totally suck."
"What the hell are you rambling about, Chief?  You're losing me here."
"You just don't know how bad it can get, man."  The young grad student
grabbed the sides of his head, the dark curls falling forward, the blue
eyes squeezed shut against the torture he knew lurked on the list.
Jim kneeled beside his lover, his hand caressing the whiskered cheek,
the stubble like fire swooshing down his arm to his groin.  "Jesus, baby,
I'm sorry.  What do you need?"  He leaned forward, licking along the
neck, his mouth busy sucking his favorite earlobe, the metal rings clicking
his teeth.
"Just talk to Grey, man.  Tell the stories."
"But you tell them better than me, babe."
"But it has to be your point of view, Jim. Please.  Just start talking,
and I swear I'll make it feel soooo much better."  Blair's deep blue
eyes locked with Jim's, his tongue teasing his lower lip while his fingers
ran across the broad chest, his very best fuck me face all ready and
pleading.
"Hey, no problem.  Where's Grey now, Chief?"
"Just say the words, Jim, man.  Grey's at the keys."
And this is what Grey does.  Just listen and type.
Peace,
Grey, who never has enough time
Tidbit #7
Re: A serial limerick...
(Ann) There once was a buff cop named Jim...
(Bri)  Whose pants were incredibly thin...
(Sarah) Said Blair, "Just bend over...."
(Bren) And we'll roll in the clover ..."
(Francesca) "I hope you can take it all in!"
or alternately...
(allison) "And I'll fill it to the brim."
Tidbit #8
There once was a buff cop named Jim
Who'd decided to start keeping slim
Not wanting to jog
He was flogging his log
He's the happiest they've EVER seen him!
Ann
Tidbit #9
Surfing the Stars, a Second Snippet
Jim beat Blair up the steps and began removing his own clothes at a leisurely
pace.  Blair was having none of it and within moments, Jim's shirt was
on the floor while the buttons were everywhere else, his jeans needed
a new zipper, and possibly a couple of belt loops needed reattaching,
and he wasn't even going to think of what happened to his boxers.  All
he really knew was that he was flat on his back, with a very horny
Blair getting ready to pounce.  /And he thinks I'm the animal?/
Blair emptied the paper bag beside Jim on the bag.  In it was a tube
of Motion Lotion, a lubricant that warmed when rubbed.  He'd tried it
on a girlfriend way back when, and she had really gotten off on it. 
When suggested to Jim, the older man had looked at him like he was insane.
Now Blair knew that it had intrigued his Sentinel just as much as it
had him.
He popped the top and straddled Jim's waist, feeling the older man's
hard cock nudge his ass cheeks.  He resisted the urge to push back and
capture the curious invader, determined to see what reactions Jim had
to this lotion.
He dribbled a small amount onto Jim's already hard nipples, then tossed
the tube aside for a moment.  He then used his thumb and forefinger to
twist and tweak the tiny nubs to stiff peaks resembling little cocks.
"You like that, baby?" he asked the gasping man.
"Oh fuck, yeah, don't stop, Chief...please.  Damn...so fuckin' hot!"
Jim's nipples were tingling with warmth, the lotion doing just as it
promised.  It wasn't unpleasant regardless of what he'd initially thought.
His hips began to undulate on their own, obeying some ancient instinct.
His cock got harder than ever, and he began to moan and groan, begging
for release.  "Please Blair, DO something for God's sake!  Oh man,
my dick is so hard.  C'mon baby, please?" he begged.
Blair couldn't believe the way the older man was begging, and all he
was doing was using his fuckin' fingers.  He was ready to explode himself,
but first, he wanted to see if he could get Jim off just like this. 
He began to twist a little harder, pulling on the tiny peaks until Jim
began to moan louder than ever.  Jim's hips began to move faster, his
cock bumping into Blair's rump with more and more force.  Blair couldn't
take it any more.  To hell with research, he needed to get fucked.  Abandoning
Jim's chest, he reached for the lotion and spread a generous amount over
Jim's throbbing erection.  He didn't bother to prepare himself, he needed
it hard tonight.  Reaching back to line Jim up with the opening to his
body, he plunged down greedily, eliciting a groan from Jim and a scream
from himself.  Damn, he always loved getting fucked, and now was no exception.
The feeling of Jim's bulbous head passing his sphincter muscle was almost
too much; he became convinced he could feel every single vein.
Without waiting for himself to adjust, he began to ride his partner like
never before.  They couldn't last long, and in less than ten minutes
they were both screaming their completion.  Blair flopped gracelessly
onto Jim's chest, the bigger man still twitching from his orgasm.
"Damn baby," Jim panted.  "I oughtta listen to you more often."  With
that said, he slowly, gently pulled his spent cock out of his lover's
tight opening and moved the younger man off to the side, cuddling him
close.  Together, they both drifted off to sleep, wondering what the
next adventure with their new toy would bring.
--end--
shanny
Tidbit #10
There once was a buff cop named Jim
Who thought that his chances were slim
Of wooing his Guide
So forlornly he sighed
Not knowing his partner loved him.
But the Guide, whose name was Blair,
Peered shyly at Jim through his hair.
He gasped in surprise
At what he saw in those eyes
And to the Goddess he sent up this prayer:
"O Goddess of love, let him see
All that he means to me
His power of sight
Is blinded by fright
Of fear, please set this man free."
"How ironic is your plight
that a man with Sentinel sight
Is so unaware
of the love you 2 share"
Said the Goddess, "That just isn't right."
"But Blair, you have it in you
To figure out what you must do
Just speak from your heart
And never depart,"
And with that She bid him adieu.
There once was a buff cop named Jim
Who loved a man who also loved him.
Their souls were soon mated
Their bodies, quite sated
Then grinning, they wiped off their chins.
Marmoset
Tidbit #11
Re: another serial limerick
(Bri) Said Blair, "Hey! Who flattened my tube?"
(And Marmoset finished) You used up my toothpaste, you rube!"
"I'll give you a hint --
Your ass tastes like mint,"
Said Jim, through a smile thick with lube.
Tidbit #12
"Hey Jim! You want bottom or top?"
"Whatever you want -- just don't stop!"
Not a word more was said
As they rolled off the bed
Anthropologist pretzeled with cop.
Marmoset
Tidbit #13
Censor Induced Snippet or What We Did While Waiting To Bid
by Sue
Jim looked deeply into Blair's eyes, grabbing him by his waist, Jim waltzed
Blair across the loft.
"Blair my love, my life. You know I want to sweep you up the stairs to
my bed, but those pesky censors just keep bitching that they can't show
that kind of thing." Jim muttered regretfully. "Though they'll let me
blow up half the city, kill 27 men; 7 with my bare hands, 5 with a bazooka,
8 with a spear; 2 with a machete and 5 with my hand gun.  But I can't
take you to my bed and fuck your brains out."
"Jim, I have a thought... let's go hunt down those pesky censors and
do some massive bodily harm to them." Blair whispered huskily to his
beloved.  "Then maybe you can sweep me up the stairs and we can boff
like bunnies."
"CUT"
"Damn it guys, you know we can't show that.  Now do the scene right,
will ya?" screamed the director.
Jim and Blair walked back out of the loft.
Jim and Blair slowly made their way to the door that led to the loft
apartment that they shared.
Unlocking the door, Jim and Blair tossed their keys into the basket by
the door.
Jim toed off his shoes and hung up his coat, while Blair shuffled off
to his room, backpack in hand.
"Good night, Jim, I'm bushed." Blair stated.
"Good night, Chief." Jim replied, as he headed up to his big empty bed
all alone.
"CUT; PRINT IT"
"That's a wrap."  The director yelled.  "Good work, guys.  Let's call
it a night.  See you first thing in the morning."
The film crew scurried out of the loft and made tracks for home.  Leaving
Jim and Blair alone.
"Man, I thought they would never leave." Blair sighed.  Turning around,
Blair headed for the bathroom, with Jim close at his heels.  Jim closed
the bathroom door behind them, shutting out the world.
Opening the door, Blair glanced out.
"Go away man, this stuff is private and anyway, those censor people don't
want you knowing that this kind of thing goes on in the world.  Now go
away, come back tomorrow," Blair stated, closing the bathroom door again.
FADE TO BLACK
Tidbit #14
There once was a curly haired guide
Who begged to be pinned down and tied
While his favorite cop
Performed as a top
"I'll top you next time!" he cried
His sentinel nodded a yes
"I don't mind topping, I guess
But I wanna be bottom
Before it is Autumn
Just don't make me wear a dress"
Chasca
Tidbit #15
Obsenad: The Jacket
"Hey, Jim, what ya doin', man?"  Blair watched as his partner jerked
upright and got very still, looking a bit guilty as he stood in the middle
of his best friend's closet.
"Nothing, Chief.   What are you doing home so soon?"
"I needed to pick up a paper I left on the table."  He paused a minute
and noted the flush to his friend's cheeks.  "So, Jim, can I ask why
you're in my closet or what?  I mean, I really don't think any of that
stuff's going to fit."
"Well, I...ah, ..."
"It's okay, man.  Just tell me.  Did you lose something?"
Clearing his throat, Jim stepped out into the room, dusting off his knees.
"Not exactly, Chief.  Remember that brown jacket you used to wear?"
"Which one, Jim?  I've had a couple."
"Yeah, I know.  I was looking for the one you used to wear when we did
that illegal wiretap on Tommy Juno."
"Ooookay.  Is there a reason you wanted that particular jacket, Jim?"
Blair sat his knapsack on the bed and stepped to his bureau to open the
bottom drawer.  As he stood up, folded jacket in hand, he caught the
older man staring at his butt.  He saw Jim notice that he'd noticed and
grinned at the increased rush of breathing.
When he spoke, his voice came out tight and husky.  "Nope, no reason,
Chief. I probably should've asked first, but since you were at work,
I thought I'd just find it for myself, maybe have it cleaned or something
so you can start wearing it again."
"Start wearing it again?  Jim, I haven't worn it for a couple of years
now."
"Yeah, I know, but I sort of liked it.  I thought maybe you'd like to
maybe, you know, try it on or something."
Blair stepped closer, his partner's blush a real turn on.  "Jim, would
you like me to try it on for you right now?"
Face bright, his eyes sparkling, Jim leaned back against the wall as
he handed the coat back.  "Would you, Chief?"
"Sure.  Just to see if it still fits, okay?"
"Riiiight."  Slowly Blair moved both shoulders back as he slipped off
his other coat.  Then he unbuttoned the front of his flannel shirt, his
blue eyes focused the whole time on Jim's face.
"Whoa, Chief.  What do you think you're doing?"  Jim swallowed hard as
his guide lifted his arms to peel off his undershirt to join the other.
"Well, I want to make sure I can get it on, man."  He laughed as he saw
the dark expanding pupils as he unbuckled his belt, unzipped and dropped
his jeans.  Boxers slid off last before he picked up the brown suede
and slipped it on.  Stepping in close, groin to groin, he rubbed up against
the fully- clothed man barely breathing in his bedroom.  He whispered,
his voice breathy. "See, man, it all still fits."
"God, Chief.  I was only going to have it cleaned for you.  You know,
just a spur of the moment kind of thing."
"Yeah?  Well, hold on a little while, man, and I'll give you better reason
to have it cleaned."
Blair pulled Jim's head down as his lips captured the next words, the
next pleas of protest.  He gobbled up the denials and had fresh Jim-skin
for lunch.
The end
Grey
Tidbit #16
Another Limerick
This does contain some mild B&amp;D and such, but mostly a lot of silliness...
There was a young man named Blair
Who thought about cutting his hair.
"Not even a trim,"
Said his lover named Jim.
"I'll spank you if you even dare."
"I see," said Blair back to Jim.
"This haircutting was merely a whim,
But if you insist,
I just can't resist."
Blair snipped off a lock and threw it to him.
"I warned you," said Jim with a smile.
"Now we get to do this my style,
With me on the top
And wielding a crop,
And you at my mercy for a while."
"I like the sound of that," Blair said.
"You can even tie me to the bed,
But only if you say
You'll love me always
And hold me and keep me well fed."
Jim swept Blair into his arms.
"I could never resist your charms."
They went up the stairs
To begin their affairs,
Generating heat that set off fire alarms.
Suzan
End Sentinel Tidbits file #29.

Spoony took another look in the mirror. He straightened his collar one more time. Damn, but he hated wearing anything but T-shirts. But this was for Linkara. He took a deep breath, glanced at his watch and took out the communicator.
“Nimue?”
“Standing by.”
“Ready.”
“Transporting now.”
His body shimmered and reappeared aboard ComicronOne. He glanced around, then turned on his heel and headed for the nearby door. He rang the chime.
“Come!”
Hiding his grin, Spoony entered. Sitting behind a big desk was Linkara, dressed in the red and white Star Fleet uniform. He gestured.
“Ah, Commander, I was expecting you several minutes ago,” he admonished.
“I’m sorry Captain,” Spoony said contritely as he moved closer. “I was detained.”
Linkara waved his hand. “It’s all right. Do you know why I’ve asked you here today?”
“No sir.” He had to use a lot of control to keep from smiling as he saw Linkara’s eyes widen. He hadn’t been expecting the ‘sir’, obviously.
Linkara coughed and tugged on his collar. “Well, I thought we should do a little performance review.”
“Yes sir,” he said again, this time licking his lips after the last word.
Linkara’s face flushed a little and he pulled off his glasses, looked at them, then put them back on again. “I see you’ve done particularly well in our recent battles. And you check out with all the standard systems. Dr. McCoy has given you an excellent bill of health as well.”
“He said I was particularly full of stamina,” Spoony said, decided to ramp this up a little.
Linkara stared at him for a minute, then continued. “Um, yes. Well. Uh, I do see that you haven’t logged many landing party hours though.”
“Is that bad?”
“It depends on why you haven’t gone planet side, Commander.”
“I have gone on some missions, Captain.”
“True. But not as many as others.”
“I am Commander aboard this vessel. You usually leave me in charge.”
Linkara smiled. “That’s true. I’m sorry, I suppose I should take you with me more often. But that would leave Sulu in charge. Or Scotty. Things seem to blow up when I do that.”
Spoony smiled as well.
“Well, aside from that little point, as I say, I’m quite pleased with your performance.”
“Are you?” Spoony asked, lowering his eyes and looking up through his lashes, hands clasped behind him.
Linkara gaped. “Spoony?”
“It’s Commander Spoony, Captain,” he reminded him, and broke his pose. He came around the desk and looked down at the man. “But if we’re going to get informal, Linkara, then we should also get naked.”
Linkara turned pink and glanced at the door.
“You did lock it, didn’t you?” Spoony asked, both in and out of character. He didn’t want anyone busting in on them. Like 90’s kid.
“Yeah. Told them all to leave me be for a while too.”
Spoony smiled and pulled Linkara up to him, kissing him hard. “Perfect.” He kissed him again and started to undo the uniform.
“Wait, here? You want to have sex here? Shouldn’t we, you know, go to my quarters?”
Spoony knew that Linkara was playing along, as he had explicitly told Spoony--only after he coaxed it out of him--that he wanted to have sex on a desk. “I can’t wait. I want you now.” To prove his point Spoony rucked up the layers and shoved his hands down the back of Linkara’s pants, pushing their groins together.
“S-s-spoony,” he stammered the name out.
The dark haired man moved his mouth across Linkara’s face and then down his neck. As he kissed a sucking bite to the lower part of his throat, he heard a huff from above.
“Did you just give me a hickey?!”
“What’s wrong, Captain? The uniform will cover it.”
Linkara let out a shaky laugh. “You’re amazing, did I ever tell you that?”
Spoony raised an eyebrow. “I believe you might have mentioned it a few times.” He felt a rush of happiness go through him and it made him even more determined to give Linkara his fantasy. To repay this man who had made him feel this way. He pushed ‘the Captain’ back onto the desk, stepping between his legs. He smiled against those lips as he felt hands go up to his hair. Spoony had known for some time that Linkara had a bit of a thing for his hair. Sometimes, he would play it up, deliberately brushing it in front of him.
Now he let out a noise as fingers ran over his scalp. He and (boyfriend? Lover? Mate? None sounded right) Linkara continued to make out. His hands roamed, going under the uniform and touching skin. He pulled the tunic off and then pulled out of the kiss long enough to say, “lift up.”
Linkara did it and Spoony pulled the pants down. The boots kept him from removing them, as well as his impatience. “Commando, Captain?” He grinned.
Linkara looked away, embarrassed. “Uh, well--” He was cut off with a kiss.
“Relax. I know why.” He did. He knew his guy. Knew Linkara would never normally do something like that. He had only done so because he knew this fantasy was coming and wanted to make things easier for Spoony.
He slid down on his knees, put Linkara’s hands back in his hair and whispered, “hold on to me.” As he bent his head and took that pretty cock in his mouth, he let out a noise as the hands got a little too rough. They slackened.
“Sorry,” Linkara said, contrite.
“It’s okay,” he said, pulling back. Then he licked the head. Resuming his loving attention, he sucked and licked, giving the best blow job he knew how. Which wasn’t a whole lot of experience, it was true. Still, the few times he and Linkara had done this before there’d been no complaints. But he wanted this time to be better. He’d read up on a few tips. No pun intended, he giggled to himself, then frowned. That sounded a little too ‘Insano’ in his head.
Realizing he was losing focus, he reapplied himself to his task. He looked up and saw Linkara’s chest heaving. He took the flesh deep but had to pull off a bit as he started to have trouble breathing. A hand in his hair gently stroked.
“Spoony…”
He went down on Linkara again, and finally he felt the man’s body tense.
“Spoony! I’m close!”
Good, he wanted to say, but couldn’t. He sucked very gently then ran his tongue all around. That was it. Linkara came, Spoony swallowing hard. He let go at last and wiped at his mouth with his thumb.
“Come up here.”
“Is that an order, Captain?” His voice was hoarse.
Linkara just pulled him up and kissed him with a passion. “I love you.”
Spoony nearly froze. He had a hard time hearing those words. Linkara knew it too but he still said them. He fell back on a joke. “My blow jobs are that good?”
Linkara simply pushed Spoony backwards, into the chair, and climbed into his lap. “Yes. But that’s not why I love you.” He pressed a kiss to Spoony’s cheek. Then he slipped downward, moving between his partner’s spread knees.
“Linkara?” This was new. Linkara had never---
“Hush, darling.”
Spoony didn’t have a chance to get indignant about the term before a hot mouth closed around him. His head fell back as Linkara sucked him. He felt his orgasm approaching quickly and let him know. That made Linkara double his effects and Spoony came. When he opened his eyes again and looked down it was to see Linkara back on his heels, eyes shut tight.
He immediately fell out of the chair and put his hands on Linkara’s shoulder. “You all right?”
“Fine. Just…you taste so different from me.”
Spoony let out a slightly hysterical laugh. Again, a little too Insano for him. “Oh yeah?” It was all he could think of to say.
“Find out for yourself,” Linkara moved and kissed him. They made out there, on the floor, for a long time. “Thank you.”
“For what?”
“For making my fantasy come true.”
“My pleasure.” Spoony grinned.  “Maybe next time we can try one of mine?”
Linkara smiled. “Sure.”
Spoony hid a smile. Wait until Linkara found out which one he was thinking of asking him to fulfill!

End
It's a gorgeous fall afternoon, and Bradley has managed to escape just about everyone, for once.  Sure, his mobile's still on, and sure, he's told the cast manager his general route, but it's his day off and he's going to make the most of it.
Camera bag slung carefully around his neck, he parks his rental Mini carefully off the roadway, locks it all up--French countryside or no French countryside, it's hard to quit city-bred habits--and heads up the small hill he'd seen from the main highway.  His mates might chaff him about his 'birdwatching' or 'shutterbugging,' but there's bound to be loads of photo ops up there, and there's something about being alone out here that gives his mind, busy with roles and lines and characterizations, time to relax and recharge. Somewhere behind him in that bloody great white castle, Colin and Tony are doing retakes of scenes, and the effects guys are taping sound, but out here, it's just him and the hawk circling high above.
Honestly he's not sure where he is, precisely.  But that's half the fun.
He snaps some shots of the hawk, but it's hard to get a good photo at such a distance, and he scrambles further up the slope, glad he's worn his oldest trainers and jeans, only stopping to shove sweaty hair off his forehead and take a breather halfway up.  He glances back down the hill at his little car, surprised at how far he's come, and pushes on through brush and high grasses, sure there will be a completely killer view once he gets to the top.
And there is.  He finally pulls himself up to the rocky outcrop at the top of the hill, and stands still, a little stunned at what he can see.
Hidden behind the hill is a truly gorgeous estate.  Sprawling, immaculate, huge but somehow still tasteful and elegant, and clearly occupied.  There are cars in the large, shaded carport, and movement of people here and there on the grounds.  It doesn't look like a theme park creation, like the castle they use for "Merlin," but rather a true manor house from ages gone by.  He'd had no idea that there was a hotel here, or a resort, or a chateau, whatever it might be.
He picks his jaw up from where he's been gaping, and grabs his camera.  The way the light falls across the clock tower is absolutely gorgeous, and the stained glass in the tower is gleaming in the sun. He's going to get some brilliant photos out of this, he just knows it, and starts clicking away, focusing on the tower and the windows, the warm old stones in the sunlight.
///
There are cameras everywhere, so small the naked eye can't see them. But they're monitored 24/7 and guards patrol the grounds, keeping in touch with base as they go. So the moment Bradley crosses onto Citadel property, they start closing in on him, cutting off any escape. "What do you think you're doing?" Mark asks, defaulting to French as he steps up beside the man, motioning for Jean and Francois to keep back for the moment.
Bradley's been so focused on his lens that when he hears the deep voice barking at him in French, he startles and spins around so fast he nearly falls.  And his French isn't very good, but he can tell instantly that the very large man glowering at him, with his two very large friends behind him, is probably not just asking him the time.
"I'm hiking.  Um.  Birdwatching?" he tries, putting his hands in the air, erring on the side of safety.  The bloke is *very* large.  "Um.  Les oiseaux, je les aimes? And le photography." He holds up his camera hopefully.
Recognizing a fellow countryman, Mark switches to English. "Maybe so, but this is private property you've stumbled onto, and the owners don't allow photographers on the grounds."
"Shite," Bradley drops his hands, realizing he's dealing with security guards, big, professional ones, and that this could be bad.  Wary, he takes a small step back.  "Sorry mate, I didn't know it was private.  My car's back down there," he waves towards where he left the road.  "I didn't realize, didn't see any signs.  Sorry.  I'm really just taking some pictures for my album."
"Go check the car," Mark barks over his shoulder in French to the other guards. "And have base run the plates." He turns back to the intruder, who looks harmless enough and nods. "I'm sure it's just an honest mistake," he allows, again switching to his native language. "But you'll have to come with me and talk to the owner - unless you want to be charged with trespassing."
"Charged with...hang on, what's this about?"  Bradley's over his shock and getting a little angry, and somewhere in there there's just a bit of fear.  He's all alone in a foreign country, and his passport and ID and mobile are in the car.  "I took some bloody pictures of a building!  Where are they going?"  He turns a little to watch the two silent guards climb down the hill towards his car.  "Why the hell should I go anywhere with you?  Who's to say your boss isn't some crazed serial killer?"
He gives the guard his most imperious look, the one he's practiced so hard for Arthur, right down his nose.  The fact that he has to look up a good six inches to do it doesn't matter, he assures himself.
Mark laughs, shaking his head in amusement. "First of all, you're on private property. And there are signs - on the posts down there, over there, and there," he says, pointing in the various directions. "You can either come with me and explain what you were doing to my boss and convince him you didn't take any pictures you shouldn't have been or we can wait here while I call the police and you can explain yourself to them. And the owners here will file charges against you for trespassing." He shrugs. Honestly, he could care less, and if the kid won't come with him, then great, he won't have to bother Louis after all.
"Oh, *bloody* hell," Bradley mutters, rubbing his hand over his face. He can see the headlines now if he's arrested: 'Merlin star arrested in sneak spy grab: secret love affair??'  It's more, much more than he wants to deal with, and his shoulders slump in defeat.  At least this great goon isn't taking his camera.  "All right.  Fine.  I warn you, though, I'll be noticed if I go missing.  I've people waiting for me at home."
"Don't worry," Mark says, resisting the urge to roll his eyes. "I'm sure we'll get this straightened out quickly." He calls in to base, asking them to contact Marie and let Louis know they've found someone on the grounds: he'll bring the guy up the back stairs. "Get going," he orders, motioning for the man to walk in front of him. "Head for those rose bushes on the left."
Frowning, Bradley goes where he's pointed.  This is a cock-up for the books.  He can only hope that this is all some major misunderstanding...maybe an over-enthusiastic security guard, here, aiming for a promotion or the boss's eye?  It's all so ridiculous, and he can't quite believe what's happened with his rare, precious day off. He wishes he could understand a bit more French so he'd know what was going on on that radio.
"This is bollocks," he informs the guard, even as he's circling the rosebushes, seeing a faint track down the slope and following it. The manor looms larger with every step.  "Kidnapping or something.  I know, I know, I'm not going to change your mind, but I just thought you should know."  He also knows he could probably outrun the bigger man, but that he'd never make it back to his car, not three against one.
This time Mark does roll his eyes. "Feel free to call the police when you leave and complain," he says. "You'll find they're a little more concerned with keeping the owners happy than wayward tourists." Besides which, they haven't had to make anyone disappear in a long time. He motions again in the direction of the castle, guiding the guy towards the back door.
"Arse," Bradley mutters, looking at the imposing door with a little trepidation.  He's an actor, he reminds himself.  He straightens up and puts his chin in the air, looking every inch the young royal, shaking his fringe out of his eyes and striding through the door when it's opened to him.  Clearly the back entrance, he notes, seeing crates and pallets stacked up, used for deliveries.
He doesn't see a soul as he walks up the narrow staircase, which is a bit creepy, especially with the guard's footsteps heavy behind him, but he keeps his head high.  No good meeting this mythical owner of the place looking like a paparazzo or a thief.
"Around the corner, first door on your left," Mark orders, scanning the hall ahead of them as they make their way to the office. Marie's just inside and by the look on her face, she's already been debriefed.
"He's in his office," she tells Mark, addressing their visitor in English. "Can I get you something to drink? We have coffee, tea, juice..."
"Um," Bradley says, blinking at the beautiful, efficient woman who's suddenly appeared and seems to be treating him as some sort of visitor, instead of an intruder.  He'd been half-expecting a dungeon, to be honest.  "Water would be lovely.  Bit of a climb I had, getting up there.  And then getting down.  Thanks, very much."  Never let it be said that Bradley James forgot the manners his mum taught him.
The room he's standing in is ridiculously opulent, and if he hadn't just come off a set of royalty, he'd no doubt be staring.  As it is, he's wondering if they rent this place out for television shoots, and if so, if he could talk the producer into using it.  A few tapestries and it'd be gorgeous as some knightly castle.  He takes the water with his most charming smile.  "I don't suppose we could just agree that this is a misunderstanding, so I can be on my way?"
"Not until you've spoken with Monsieur Garneau," Marie says simply. "He's expecting you though and this shouldn't take long." She nods to Mark that she'll take things from here and motions for the visitor to follow her. "You're English?"
"British citizen," Bradley replies promptly, following her without so much as a wave to the goon.  She seems much nicer.  "Loyal subject of Her Majesty the Queen.  I have a passport and all, I shouldn't try locking me in a dungeon, the consulate frowns on that in these times of peace.  Or so I hear."  He can't help but glance around curiously, and his fingers itch for his camera, still hanging around his neck.
Probably a bad idea.  He wonders if this lady's boss is some old French coot, pickled in wine and cheese, who gets his only kicks off scaring lost tourists.  He's absolutely sure he won't be intimidated, and his chin goes up again.  Pity she's taller than he is, though.
Marie merely nods and knocks on the door at the end of the hall. The young man seems pleasant enough, with looks that would easily qualify him for training, but they've dealt with all sorts before and she's not about to make friends (or enemies) until Louis has talked to him.
"Come in," Louis calls, quickly signing the last few papers on his desk and shoving them back into the folder. He glances up to see Marie followed by a young blond man. Their intruder. Who he already knows all about since they've run his plates and checked his immigration records. He stands, offering his hand. "Bonjour. Louis Garneau."
Okay, this is NOT what Bradley had expected.  This guy is young.  Tall.  Absolutely bloody gorgeous, with long dark hair and amazing eyes, and, he thinks a little sadly, probably not someone who watches "Merlin."  Not much chance of pulling, then, and then he realizes his thoughts are wandering very badly.  Bradley blinks and shakes himself out of it, and meets the extended hand with a firm clasp of his own, tipping his chin up, refusing to feel very short.
"Bradley James. Sorry for all the trouble, really.  I didn't see the signs, and your people are...enthusiastic about their work."  He grins a little, wryly.  "Made quite an adventure out of my little photography expedition, though.  What on earth *is* this place?  I've seen less security at Buckingham Palace."
Louis laughs, shaking Bradley's hand firmly before releasing it. "Please have a seat," he says, gesturing to the chairs in front of his desk. "And we'll try and get this resolved as quickly as possible." He hands the folder with the signed papers to Marie and takes a seat himself. "I apologize if our security was at all heavy-handed. This property is part of a private club. Our members trust that they can come here and get away from the public eye, including, but especially, the paparazzi."
Bradley sits with automatic obedience, and smiles a little.  "I am the *furthest* thing from a paparazzo," he explains fervently.  His own run-ins haven't been regular yet, but he knows enough to hate them already. "Believe me.  I came out here to get away from cameras and questions and prying eyes myself, and do a little birdwatching."  He holds up his camera in explanation.  "Birds of France, it'll be a collection if I ever get round to it.  Mostly it's pictures of my own feet and buildings, so far.  I, uh, I'm supposing you'll want me to delete the ones I took here?"
Frankly, he's astonished they haven't just taken his camera and smashed it yet. But he's more and more intrigued, and he's watching Mr. Garneau's hands, graceful and with long fingers, and if he wants to draw this out a bit, he's not going to blame himself.
"May I see them first?" Louis asks, holding out his hand for the camera, well aware Bradley is watching him with interest that is not entirely innocent. "You're an actor then?" As if he doesn't know already. He smiles, his own gaze traveling over the other man.
Bradley has a quick, panicked moment of wondering what, exactly he has on his memory card, before realizing he's got no choice in the matter, really.  With some reluctance, he pulls the camera-strap from over his head and hands it over. He's pretty sure it's only some innocent on-set shots, a few of scenery and sets, and of course the photos from today.
"Yeah.  Just getting started, really.  We're shooting in France, have been since a couple of years ago.  You'd think my French would've gotten better, yeah?  Not so much. But everyone helps me get by."  He thinks he sees a hint of interest in those dark eyes, but knows better than to make any assumptions.  Not even in mostly-liberal France.  And the uncertainty and attraction are making him talk too much.  He forces himself to relax and lounge back in the chair a little.
Louis smiles. "It's hard to pick up languages as an adult," he says, taking the camera and quickly flicking through the pictures until he reaches those of the grounds. "Most of these are fine," he says slowly, carefully checking each over one, "but yes, if you could delete any showing the actual buildings, I would appreciate it." He looks up again. "Should I go ahead and do that?"
"Sure, fine, yeah," Bradley nods, watching Louis's hands again as they move on the camera, catching himself, and knowing he's flushed a little.  It's been too long, he scolds himself.  And this...resort owner, or whatever he is, is clearly far too posh to be flattered by that sort of attention from a scruffy actor-cum-birdwatcher.  He scratches at his chin self-consciously, wishing he'd taken a moment to shave that morning, though he knows the blond hair will barely show.
"So that's that, then?" he asks, joking, smiling a little and meeting Louis's eyes.  "Not going to toss me in the dungeon?  No whips and chains or throwing me to starving dogs?  Not that I'm objecting," he adds hastily.  It's a bit too early to be discussing alluding to kinks, especially with someone as straight-laced and proper as this Louis seems to be, and given the reactions he's had from previous dates on just that subject.  "Just, your man out there seemed to think it was all terribly dire.  Threatened arrest and all sorts."
"Well, as I said, our members take their privacy very seriously, and our security is paid very handsomely to enforce it," Louis says, still holding the camera, his eyes on Bradley. "Of course, we do have a dungeon if you'd like to be locked up," he teases, leaning forward to pass the camera back, his fingers brushing Bradley's as he does. Mon dieu. What he would give to have met him under different circumstances, but this, this is too close for comfort.
Bradley blinks again at the teasing smile, eyes going wide at what is clearly a joke, but one that hits a bit close to home.  He finds himself smiling back, though, helpless to resist, as he takes the camera back and carefully puts the lens cap on.  "Perhaps another time," he answers, mock-seriously, flirting a little as easily as breathing.  "I've been warned about strangers offering to show me their dungeons, y'know.  Terrible things could happen. It'd be awful to end up as a statistic."
"Ah yes." Louis laughs. "You're wise to take such precautions," he says, getting to his feet. He wishes he could think of some pretext to keep Bradley here for longer but by now Mark knows they've checked him out and is waiting to take him back to his car. "Do you mind if I ask where you're staying?"
"Not at all."  Bradley's not particularly modest and he can see the signs of interest, now, clearly on Louis's face.  He stands to join his inadvertent host.  "We're just a few kilometers north of here,, shooting at the castle, you know it?  The great bloody white thing, you can't miss it.  We're at the hotel there in town."  He grins.  "I don't suppose you need it, not with all this," he waves a hand, encompassing the estate, "but I could buy you a drink sometime.  Just to say sorry for your trouble."
"And here I was going to offer to buy you dinner for the same reason," Louis says with a smile, even though he knows he shouldn't. Should leave well enough alone and send Bradley on his way. Stick to those who already know what he does, what he wants.
"Hah!"  Bradley cheers, clapping his hands together once, happily. "I knew it.  I've been nearly-arrested before, but not by anyone nearly as fit as you, and the MP never once looked at my legs."  He's practically crowing with enthusiasm and the relief of knowing; not obnoxious or smug, just obviously delighted. "I'll take you up on that offer, Mr. Garneau. Dinner's much nicer than just having a pint down the pub after work one day."
Once again, Louis laughs, shaking his head, mildly amused at Bradley's reaction and hoping he's not going to regret this. "Would tonight be too soon?"
"Tonight would be perfect," Bradley admits, still smiling.  "It's my day off and I've a late call tomorrow, so I won't have to run home at some horribly early hour.  I definitely need time to get home, shower, and change, though.  Anyone sees us together like this, they'll think you're feeding me for charity or something.  Should we meet somewhere?  You'll know the good places better than I will, I mostly eat in catering!"
"There's a place, nothing fancy, but the food is delicious, in the middle of Sarlat, right around the corner from the church, to the right of the market. It's called Chez Le Gaulois." Louis writes the details on a business card, along with his private cellphone number. "How is eight o'clock?"
"Nothing fancy's just my type of place right now," Bradley says, taking the card, brushing fingers with Louis just because he can and he *wants to* and god, this man is gorgeous.  "I left my tuxedo in London.  Eight sounds perfect."  He'll have to drive fast, but that's nothing new, and he's motivated, after all. "And I'll be sure to check for signs before I park, this time."
"Good. We wouldn't want anything to keep you from dinner," Louis says, opening the door to his office and walking Bradley down the hall. "Mark will walk you back to your car and I'll see you tonight." He exchanges a quick few words in French with Mark, including an order not to scare the boy, and then turns back to Bradley. "Again, I apologize for our... enthusiasm, but it is for a good cause, and not all of our visitors have been so innocent in their intent."
"That's okay," Bradley says, even unbending enough to give Mark a little nod.  "They were really polite, weren't they, and it was worth it for the chance at a real dinner with good company."  He smiles, wide and pleased, at Louis, shoves his fringe out of his face again, and offers his hand.  "See you later, then?  I'll leave my camera at home, too."
I squinted, the midday sun was shining bright in my face as I slowly drove up to my new condo. Two men, both double my size, were leaning against the moving truck I brought to the condo that morning. I sighed and rolled to a stop just behind the truck. I'm sure the men could notice the exasperated look on my face as I slumped back into my seat. It's likely that they also noticed me slowly lift my head up, take a deep breath, and scream into the ceiling of my Audi. They probably heard it too.
"Damn that woman," I grumbled as I grabbed my phone from my lap. She picks up immediately, of course.
"Hey hon, you made it?"
"Mom I told you I didn't need movers."
"Oh I know you said that but honey you know you can't possibly lift all of that by yourself!"
"Who do you think packed the truck in the first place? And if I hired anyone to help me load up the truck why the hell wouldn't I bring them along for the unloading, huh?"
"Sean, plenty of independent adults hire movers! I swear to God I'll never understand why you just insist on making every single aspect of your life difficult!"
"The point is that I am the independent adult and I did not hire the movers. I'm sending them off. I hope their refund policy is garbage. Don't call me, I'll call you." I hung up and dropped the phone in my lap. Another deep breath and I was jumping out of the car, all smiles.
I stopped in front of the two men. "Hi fellas, how's it going? Were you sent here by a Jessica Anderson for Sean Anderson?"
"Yeah, that you?" said one: a white guy with a buzz cut and the kind of build that makes you think he might've been a wrestler once upon a time and probably due to be a cop soon. The other man was a tanner white guy, the kind that looked like he grew up throwing heavy things for fun. He had an easy smile on his face and long brown hair that was pulled into a ponytail. A shame I'd have to send that one away so soon.
"Yes and I hope you two weren't waiting too long, but your services really aren't needed here. Thanks for coming out though and hopefully there was a non-refundable down payment to compensate you for your time. And if for whatever reason you don't feel compensated, please feel free to bill the account on file. Jessica said it was no problem at all. We both apologize for the inconvenience." I left no time for a response as I jogged up the set of stairs leading to my front door and went into my new home without looking back. I just needed to be in my own space. The sooner the better.
I closed my eyes, let my back thud against the door, and sank to the floor. A shaky sigh escaped me on the way down as the weight of my new life hit me. Finally. I was free.


"Honestly, if I could just figure out how that damn thermostat works, this place would be perfect," I called out as I made my way from the kitchen to the couch in the center of the living room. A bowl of popcorn in one hand and a glass of white wine in the other. I settled right into the middle of the couch, took a sip, and let the bowl rest in my lap. Sydney's face lit up when I reappeared on her screen. I was about to set her up in the seat next to me so we could christen my new place with a movie night. Even though she was across the country now that I was out of L.A., movie night was not something either of us would miss without explicit and advanced notice. As per our contract.
"Look at you Mr. Independence," Syd said with a huff of laughter while she too got comfortable on her couch. In true Sydney fashion she had chosen scotch as her Movie Night Libation. Although her mother was known to drink the rest of the PTA under the table when it came to wine, Syd had always been partial to the harder stuff. When we were 16 we snuck into her dad's office while her parents were on a cruise and stole shooters of Jack Daniels his safe. I remember watching with rapt attention as her slender hands picked the padlock. "He thinks it's secure cause he takes the key everywhere with him. Didn't think I'd learn how to pick a lock. Fucking idiot." She let out a short gasp as the lock clicked open. "When will they learn not to underestimate me?" She said with a wicked grin as she grabbed six small bottles of whiskey. I said nothing about what else I saw inside. That night we learned a lot about each other. Which led to learning a lot about each other's bodies. The next day I watched her strut next-door to her middle-aged neighbor who was mowing his lawn. To this day I don't know what was discussed that led to her replacing the alcohol. She refuses to say and the refusal says enough. We've been best friends, bonding over our tragic rich kid lives, ever since.
"I can't even describe to you how good it feels, Syd. No cameras, no morning intercom announcements, no daily schedules. Just me. Living my life."
Syd sighed and took a sip of her drink. "You sir, are now living more luxuriously than our whole neighborhood. Cheers."
We grinned at each other as we tapped our glasses against our phones.
"Alright babe, what's playing tonight?' Syd said before shoveling a handful of popcorn into her mouth. It was always amusing to watch the slow dissipation of Sydney's mask as we hung out. Her contacts looked like the invite list for the MET Gala by the time she graduated high school and it was only growing as we entered our mid-twenties. Yet, when it was just us, she let the social graces that built those connections fall away.
"What are we in the mood for?" I countered as I grabbed the remote to the tv mounted on the wall. "I could go for a nice happy ending right about now."
"Oh so you're happy happy, huh? Let's see if you can find us the feel-good movie of the fall then."
"Ooh Jennifer Anniston's in this one."
"All hail the queen of the rom-com."
"Alright, I got a good feeling about this one. You ready?"
"Yup, count us down."
"On play. 1...2...3..."
There was a split second of silence, the metallic ring of a screw hitting the hardwood floor, and then a loud crash as my tv fell from the wall.
"What...the fuck?!" I yelled as I jumped off the couch. My heart was beating fast, mostly as an instant response to the sudden loud noise, but also something new. In my heaving chest, beneath the knee jerk reaction of anxiety and adrenaline, lay the icy pang of pure fear. I had never felt pure fear before. Not even when my mom threw knives at my head like she was auditioning for a talent show in the middle of one of her "you're just like your father" episodes. It was like someone had taken a needle and stabbed it straight into my chest. My hands were shaking. They had never done that before.
"Woah," Syd whispered. "Dude...did you install that yourself?"
My head snapped from the wreckage of my tv to my phone as Syd's voice broke my trance. "Yeah, but I did it right, I swear! It's been fine all day!" I got up from the couch and slowly walked around the coffee table to the tv. The room was quiet and I couldn't help but think this was maybe all a ploy for some murderer to finally do me in. Just like my mom predicted.
"Well...it's not fine anymore, that's for damn sure."
I ignored her and examined the damage. The tv wasn't the biggest issue. I could buy another one tonight and have it here tomorrow. I was more concerned about the floors. "I'm gonna be so pissed if I have to get somebody to fix this," I said as I stomped to the kitchen to get a broom, now completely over my horror movie moment.
I had only taken two steps into the kitchen when every light went out.
I heard Sydney cackle from the couch as I let my head fall back and sighed. "What the fuck Sean? Did you get this place on Wish?"
I growled and grabbed the broom before marching from the kitchen and then carefully inching through a pitch black hallway to get to the fuse box in the laundry room. As soon as I had set the broom down against the doorway, I realized I had no light to speak of and was standing in a completely dark room. "Of course," I said with a small laugh at my small series of unfortunate events.
The slam of the laundry room door wiped the smile off of my face, the click of the lock made my mouth dry, and the quiet devious laughter I heard behind me made my heart stop.
"Sing," the elf said.   "Sing the sad one about the prince who drowns himself for love."   For incentive, he nudged his mossy head against Ares' naked hip.   "Sing, and I'll make you forget your name.   It's the only way I'll do it.   I need to be inspired."    He dipped a silver-nailed finger into the squat honey jar, then trailed it down Ares' flat stomach, gold on bronze.   "Sing."
"I don't know the words."   He growled it, eyes never leaving the finely-drawn mouth so close to his swollen cock.
"Oh, for the love of..."   With his free hand, the elf traced a symbol in the air, then squeezed his fingers tight.   Looking up at Ares, he brought the closed fist to his mouth, opened it, and blew.   Blue sparkles, like tiny midnight fireflies, danced in the green forest light, then dissolved over Ares' heart.    "Now you know them.   It's easy.    ‘In the dark wood of Alverden, a thousand moons ago, an elvin prince...'"
His tongue caught the tune and formed nutmeg-sprinkled words, then the low thrum of Ares' voice slid from his mouth down to the elf's pointed ears, across each flower petal and crushed leaf on the forest floor, then up into the open arms of pines and oaks, into the star-embroidered sky.
Between Ares' thighs, the elf heaved a tiny sigh that raised his smooth, narrow shoulders and opened that delicate mouth.   Ares leaned back against the rough trunk of a massive old oak, and the tree accepted his weight, while he kept singing the strange song, the words leaving his mouth like kisses.    His own pleasurable sigh added a melancholy layer to the tune as an impossibly hot tongue circled the head of his cock and squeezed.    Bending, his throat rumbling with song and pleasure, he watched the elf catch drop after drop of liquid on the pointed tip of his tongue, quicker as the heat melted his blood and turned it silver.
The fingers were in the honey again, only now they spread it over his balls, and the elfin tongue flickered over them like a candle flame.  Ares sang louder, about a young man who fell in love with a faun and took it gently one night by a riverside.   Something inside him protested, tried to fight the sickeningly sweet lyrics, but the low, rough melody, the rhythm of his own voice echoing in the tongue on his balls, twisted that voice shut.   It was too good to care about anything but getting more, and Ares began to worry that the song would end.   But verse after verse flowed from him, as the elf smeared the honey lower now, then higher and deep, one finger strumming against tight muscle, opening him for the persistent tongue.
While the faun pined for the prince who'd gone beyond the mountains, Ares bent his knees to take more of that hot darting tongue, his fingers threading through the elf's soft brown hair.  His cock jutted out, furious and red, a blue vein pounding down the shaft, demanding a tongue.   Instead, it got a layer of honey, rubbed slowly by a long finger, while that tongue kept learning him inside, flying against the soft sensitive skin there, and there again, and there again...
The song turned more passionate, and around them leaves rustled and flowers let out fainting breaths under bare, four-toed feet, as the elves gathered to hear their brother pleasure a god.   Ares saw them and didn't care, liked the watching almond eyes that never left his honey-covered cock.   Thighs straining, widened and taut, Ares told them how the faun took another lover, his voice low and haunting even to his own ears.   But maybe that was because the elf was playing the song on his body, with his penetrating tongue and his soothing, smoothing fingers.
His cock started to ache, raining thick cream on the pine needles at his feet, and then the fingers and tongue traded: two honey-soaked fingers slid up while that swirling tongue licked the swollen head, around the edge, faster and faster, then sank into the wet slit.   It fucked him there, while the fingers fucked his ass, fast as the words falling into the dusk, hot and desperate as they were.
When his cock disappeared into the elf's mouth, swallowed with burning reverence, the group around them sighed, and the leaves mostly hiding the watchers rustled as hands closed over hard flesh, stroking in time to the beat, deep voices joining in.   Ares arched, holding the elf's head, never forcing, only guiding himself down that tight throat, over the questing tongue that never stopped tasting him.   In the sky, owls soared, crying out as the betrayed prince returned and slid a knife deep into the faun's soft breast, while Ares' voice soared with them, his cock roaring with music then semen as he came in the elf's velvety mouth.
He was still shaking, still singing, when the elf pulled him down, laying him back against the soft mat of the forest, and raised Ares' knees, pressing his huge hard cock against Ares' slick ass, then entered him.   It flowed like a verse in the song, so smooth and good that Ares forgot to struggle, forgot to do anything but sing and wrap his legs around the narrow elfin hips, hands clawing the ground beside him.   Under his fingers, he felt the first rivulets of cream from the watching circle, and knew they were closing in.   His cock swelled again, just as they broke through the green tangle, and a dozen elfin mouths closed over his skin, some on his cock, his nipples, his throat, licking, sucking, biting.   The cock danced inside him, thick and possessive, and he came again, shuddering and almost crying, the song a ragged lament as the prince found the river and gave himself to it.
Afterward, the elves cleaned Ares with dew-wet leaves, dressed him, and took him to the village tavern, so he could learn more songs.
The End
"Can I get you something to drink, Fraser?" Ray asked, desperate for an activity that didn't involve sitting on the sofa anymore.
Fraser ran his finger around under his collar and cracked his neck sideways.  It was bad, then.  "Yes, thank you Ray, tea would be ... lovely."
Ray escaped to the kitchen and started the water heating.  He decided to make himself a cup while he was at it and took down both mugs.  When he found himself searching for matching spoons, he slammed the drawer shut and longed for something to punch.  Somewhere to run.  Someone to f--
"Ray, do you need any help?"
Ray spun around, heart pounding as though he'd been discovered doing something he shouldn't.  "No, I'm all set.  Just waiting for the, uh, water.  To boil."
Fraser nodded like Ray'd said something profound.  "You know, Ray, there are different schools of thought regarding that subject.  Some maintain the water should be boiling when poured, some say it should be just past the boil, and a third group insist one should try to catch the moment just before the bubbles start to break."
"Yeah?" said Ray, because at least they were talking.  He leaned against the fridge, deliberately relaxing his posture.  Who, me? Nervous?  Nah.
Fraser nodded again.  "Although it seems it also makes a difference what kind of tea one is preparing.  Green, or black, or oolong ...."  He moved closer to Ray and peered into the mugs on the counter.
"Just Lipton."
"Ah.  Of course."
"Yeah, I'm not much for proper tea-preparation, myself.  Sorry 'bout that."
"Not at all, Ray.  I actually hadn't even realized you drank tea."
"Sometimes.  I mean, not very often.  When I'm in the mood."
"Ah," said Fraser, and Ray thought he heard encouragement in there somewhere so he kept talking.
"See, I never knew I liked it really.  I never saw my dad drink anything except coffee and beer, so I thought that was what men were supposed to drink.  And then I tried some tea once, a while back, and it was just ... not for me."  Ray shrugged.  "So I went back to coffee. Then I met you, and I started thinking maybe I should try it again.  Maybe it was the kind of tea I tried, like you said.  And ... maybe I could be a person who liked both."
Fraser blinked repeatedly.  Then he said, "Ray, are we still talking about beverages here?"
Ray swallowed hard and licked his lips.  "Mostly," he said, proud that his voice was steady.
"Oh.  So tea is a metaphor for --"
"Fraser, I'm begging you, don't start deconstructing it."
"Sorry."
"It is what it is.  Like, um, me."
Fraser nodded one more time, and moved even closer to Ray, taking up all the space there was in the kitchen.  "And earlier, when you put your hand on my thigh and ... kissed me ... ?"
"That wasn't a metaphor."
"No, it wasn't."
"It was, uh, not even a simile," Ray said.
Fraser was smiling a little now.  "Dare I hope it was an overture?"
And Ray was about to make a joke about not seeing what opera had to do with anything when he decided to maybe not fuck this moment up beyond redemption.   "Yeah," he said instead, "you can hope.  Lots of that going around."
Ray watched Fraser's hand come up and touch his face, felt the warmth of it and the calluses, which was how he knew it was real.  Fraser never had calluses in Ray's dreams.  Fewer clothes, usually, but ...
Fraser moved in closer still, as close as he could get.  Ray could feel the magnets on the fridge behind him, and the coolness of it.  And he could feel Fraser, too, warm all up and down the front of him.  So Ray leaned forward into Fraser, bringing his arms up around Fraser's neck and cupping one hand at the base of his skull.  His thumb and fingers twined into Fraser's hair and felt the unbelievable softness of it.
He didn't have to do much else; it seemed Fraser was taking charge of things.  Fraser was, in fact, kissing him with enthusiasm.  And tongue.  And groping.  Ray felt a hand grab his ass and pull him even closer.  It was pretty obvious that whatever Ray had felt that had led him to that desperate-pathetic kiss on the sofa, Fraser could match it and more.
Ray's back hit the fridge again and he heard a couple of magnets hit the floor.  Fraser had one thigh pressing into Ray's legs, and Ray helpfully widened his stance.  Fraser's leg slid in between Ray's and Ray could feel some wonderful friction beginning.  He wriggled a little to line things up better and heard Fraser grunt.  Then he really started to move.
Between the kissing and the groping and the humping, Ray felt like he'd lost his mind.  Or maybe Fraser had, but Ray wasn't going to question it too much.  Because while this wasn't a usual activity for the two of them (not by a long shot), it was certainly Fraser's habit to go all out when he made up his mind about something.   No-holds-barred; zero-to-sixty in nothing flat.
Fraser moved his mouth off Ray's and took it on a side trip over to Ray's right ear.  Ray clutched the back of Fraser's neck when he felt teeth and whispered, "Oh, shit, Fraser, yeah ... that's ..." before losing the ability to speak at all.  Fraser was grinding his crotch into Ray's faster and harder than before, and Ray heard something in the fridge fall over with a clunk.   He thought for a second that Fraser'd heard it too and was going to stop to investigate, so he moved his free hand down to Fraser's ass and stuck it in the back pocket of his jeans, squeezing slightly along with Fraser's rhythm.  Fraser either hadn't heard or was convinced to ignore it, because he started on the tendons between Ray's neck and shoulder then.
Ray felt like something was missing, though, so he tugged Fraser's hair to get his attention, and when Fraser raised his head, Ray lunged forward and kissed him aggressively, fucking his mouth with his tongue.    Fraser made a deep growling sound Ray could feel in his own chest and dug his fingers into Ray's ass hard enough to leave bruises.  They rocked together like that for a few more beautiful, gasping minutes, until the inevitable happened.
Ray thought maybe Fraser'd started to come first, but only by about a second.  As they jerked together, he gentled his grip on Fraser's neck, and softened the kiss until it was just barely there at all, just maintaining contact.  Fraser likewise let up on Ray's ass, but left his hand there, which Ray thought was the perfect place for it.
When all the after-shocks had died away, Ray let his head thunk back against the fridge.  "Wow," he started, meaning to go on with something like that was different or maybe when can we do that again?  The teakettle, however, chose that moment to whistle, making them both jump a little.  Fraser laughed.
"What's funny?" asked Ray, as he flailed around trying to turn off the burner.
"I was thinking your kettle has exceptionally good timing.  But I don't think we'll need any tea now, do you?" said Fraser, moving the kettle off the heat.
"Nah," said Ray.  "Maybe a shower, though."
"Oh.  Yes.  I ... suppose that would be ... prudent."
Ray felt a smile building from way deep inside.  "Absolutely.  And I must insist on giving you some clean shorts to wear, at least."
Fraser furrowed his eyebrows.  "I don't think your shorts will fit me, Ray."
"Really?  Well, I can't let you walk home like that, now can I?"  The smile broke free then.  It felt good.
"No," said Fraser slowly, "I suppose you can't."
"Good, then, it's settled.  Come on.  Shower and bed, in that order."
Fraser smiled then and said, "As you wish, Ray," and damned if it didn't sound like "I love you."
It was as thought the world was aflame. Riku knew he was awake, yet it felt like a dream. He was hot; too hot for his skin.
He knew he was beneath thin covers, or had been. Weight pressed down on him, enveloping him in a bizarre, almost uncomfortable embrace.
"Don't fight it."
And Riku knew then that this was the Darkness that called to him. It was warm, burning as it touched him. He felt both dirty and clean at the same time.
The heat moved ever so slightly, taking on more of a form. Riku felt hair brushing against his bare chest and felt warm breath against his neck.
"Open your... heart..."
Warm lips came to rest on his neck, pausing. Riku couldn't believe himself. He didn't want the experience to stop, despite not really understanding what was happening.
He'd never felt like this outside of dreams. The pressure building in his body was delicious and frustrating.
"Give in - let me..."
Riku couldn't help it. He couldn't. He threw back his head and moaned, coerced by the sickly sweet demanding voice to yield all.
He didn't even know what to expect - he had no expectations. As almost painfully hot hands pushed his legs apart, Riku wondered just what sort of power this would bring.
He wondered at his mystery lover.
But mostly he just obeyed, riding out the sort of soul-shattering pleasure that he knew was just the beginning of...
...emptyness?
Even though he tries to ignore it, Senga can’t deny the fact that, lately, he’s been finding skates rather fascinating. More specifically, he’s fascinated with the thought of adding skates into his personal life as well. He doesn’t particularly want to be the one wearing the skates on his off-time, but the thought of Nikaido wearing skates and trying to keep on his feet as Senga fucks him up against the wall appeals to him.Senga finds himself stroking the wheels of his own skates and he pulls back his hand like his skates had just burnt him. He tries to shake the thought from his mind and quickly starts lacing them up, hoping that no one else has noticed.

It’s not like Nikaido would ever go for it, Senga thinks. They don’t have to be on skates as often now as they did when they were juniors, but Nikaido has to be on skates just as often as he does for work, and Senga knows how much of a relief it is to take them off after a long day, especially during concert prep rehearsals. Besides, the two of them may be best friends, and it’s undeniable that they’ve fooled around together many times before on tour in their shared hotel rooms (what proper Johnny’s hasn’t?), but contrary to popular fan belief, they are not an item. Senga is straight. Or at least he thought he was. He likes boobs, and Nikaido certainly does not have those.
The thought of Nikaido with boobs has Senga giggling, he’d make the worst girl ever. It’s enough to take his mind off of fucking until they take a water break and Nikaido bends over to rummage around in his practice bag, placing a hand on the wall for support and Senga curses under his breath.
Senga goes to the bathroom to wash his face, not even bothering to take off his skates first. He’s not a teenager anymore. He doesn’t need to disappear into a stall for the remainder of their break, but the cold water helps to calm him down.
“Gross, Ken-chan,” Fujigaya says as he walks into the bathroom, scrunching up his nose. “Now the practice room floor is going to be covered in bathroom floor filth.”
The toilet flushes at that moment and Kitayama emerges from a stall, adjusting his sweat pants. “What are you going on about now?” he asks. “Can’t a man use the bathroom during his break in peace?”
“Did you just- In your skates?!” Fujigaya squawks and Senga’s not sure how that question was supposed to end.
“What’s the big deal? Even if you changed your shoes, you’re still going to walk in the practice room with them,” Kitayama states.
Senga decides that’s his cue to leave and quietly slips out the door. They somehow manage to work things out every time, (even if it leaves Fujigaya grumpy, it’s better than a screaming Fujigaya), but it’s never a good idea to get in the middle of them.
“I wouldn’t go in there,” he says to Tamamori as he walks by.
“Again? Can’t they just take their lover’s quarrel to less inconvenient places? I hate having to go upstairs just to pee,” Tamamori grumbles.
“Better not let them hear you call them lovers,” Senga snickers. “They’ll have your head.”
“Whatever. I don’t care how much they deny it, it’ll happen eventually,” Tamamori frowns. “Why can’t every couple be as peaceful as you and Nika-chan?”
“You mean you and Miyacchi,” Senga corrects.
“It’ll happen eventually,” Tamamori repeats before walking away.
*******
“Hey,” Nikaido calls out from Senga’s kitchen. “Did you ever notice that your kitchen is the only place in your house that doesn’t have carpet?”
“That’s not true,” Senga says, knitting his eyebrows together. “My bathroom isn’t carpeted.”
“But all of those rugs would get in the way. I still say you don’t need 3 in such a tiny bathroom.” Nikaido replies, coming back with two glasses of green tea like it’s his own house.
“Get in the way of what? What are you talking about?” Senga says, thoroughly lost.
Nikaido puts the glasses down on the coffee table and digs out a pair red, ‘Unmei Girl’ skates from his bag, grinning.
Senga inhales sharply and tries not to get his hopes up just yet. “You want to roller skate in my kitchen?” he asks.
“If that’s some weird code for fucking in your kitchen on roller skates, then yes.”
Senga just groans.
“I’m pretty sure you want to, too. I mean, we only share half a brain,” Nikaido says.
“And I’m pretty sure that doesn’t mean what you think it does,” Senga laughs.
“Whatever,” Nikaido rolls his eyes. “You in? Or do I have to go look for questionable kitchen items to play with?”
“Yeah right. You hate playing alone,” Senga mumbles. “If you’re putting the skates on, hurry up and put them on,” he says, heading to his room to grab the lube.
Senga returns to find Nikaido back in the kitchen, leaning against the counter with his skates now on. “We’ve been on skates for how long and you still haven’t figured out that you need to take off your pants before you put your skates on,” he says, eyeing said piece of clothing.
“Whatever,” Nikaido replies, rolling his eyes. Then he grins, “Isn’t it more fun to undress me yourself anyways?”
Senga places his hands on the counter to either side of Nikaido and presses up against him. “I wonder~,” he says before leaning in to kiss Nikaido. He reaches for the hem of Nikaido’s shirt and starts to pull it off, running his knuckles up Nikaido’s sides. He gets far enough for Nikaido to helpfully raise his arms before he starts to snicker, dropping the hem of his shirt and taking a step back.
“What the hell?” Nikaido frowns.
“Sorry, sorry,” Senga apologizes, still giggling. “It’s just- boobs.”
“What?” Nikaido asks, even more confused.
“Nika, you’d just make the worst girl ever!”
“Well, yeah. I mean, girls don’t have this,” Nikaido says, emphasizing his words by grabbing Senga’s wrist and placing his hand on his growing erection.
Senga finally settles down enough to kiss Nikaido again, rubbing at his erection through his pants as Nikaido pulls his shirt off on his own this time. Senga undoes Nikaido’s pants and lets them fall around his ankles, then pulls his boxers down as well to join them.
“Turn around,” Senga says, deciding what he wants to do.
Nikaido starts to turn around and needs to catch himself when his pants almost trip him. “Goddamn. Remind me to pants Miyacchi on skates next rehearsal. It’d make a good prank. It’s fucking hard to move.”
“That’s almost too mean!” Senga laughs, dropping down to his knees. “Nika, can you spread your legs a little more?”
“What did I just say about it being hard to move? My pants are in the way!”
“Will you bend your knees for me then?”
“Hell no,” Nikaido growls and Senga can’t contain his laughter as he grabs his step-stool next to the fridge.
Senga places a knee on the stool and leans in to lick a broad stripe across Nikaido’s hole.
Nikaido shudders and bends forward to lean against the counter.
It’s a little weird to be kneeling on a stool for this, Senga thinks, but Nikaido’s too tall with the skates on and Senga knows that rimming just makesNikaido want to be fucked even more. The little line patterns that will end up indented into his knee later on are worth a needy Nikaido.
Senga digs his thumbs in and spreads Nikaido’s cheeks apart to give himself better access.
He licks at Nikaido repeatedly, loving the way that Nikaido lets out small noises every time he shoves his tongue through his tight rim.
Nikaido’s legs are already shaking a bit as Senga squeezes some lube onto the cleft of Nikaido’s ass.
“Nika, stop cheating,” Senga scolds when he notices that Nikaido is using the stopper on his right skate to steady himself.
“Let’s see you not use your stoppers when I fuck you on skates,” Nikaido snaps back, taking the weight off of his stopper.
Nikaido’s complaints turn into moans as Senga immediately starts to finger fuck him, probably a little sooner than he should. He slows down a little and leans back in to lick alongside his finger, trying to ignore the taste of lube in his mouth. Nikaido slips a little as Senga adds in another finger and Senga places his free hand on Nikaido’s thigh to steady him.
“Hurry up, already,” Nikaido complains, and Senga feels bad when he slips a third finger in and Nikaido grunts a little.
Senga lets go of Nikaido’s thigh to grab the condom packet off the counter, only then realizing that he’s still fully clothed. He holds the corner of the condom packet between his teeth as he stands up and quickly works on opening his pants with his right hand. After a little bit of fumbling, he manages to get his cock out and proceeds to rip the condom open with his teeth. He lets the wrapper fall to the ground as he rolls on the condom. Senga takes a step forward and accidentally kicks the stool into the back of Nikaido’s skates hard enough to make him stumble a bit.
“Damn it, Kenpi!” Nikaido yells, scrabbling at the counter to keep his balance.
“Oops?” Senga says sheepishly. He kicks the stool off to the side and pulls his fingers out of Nikaido’s hole before rubbing his sheathed cock against Nikaido’s ass to coat it in lube. He lines himself up and slowly pushes in all the way to the hilt and Nikaido drops his head onto his forearms.
“Think you can handle it, Nika?” Senga asks, placing both hands back on the counter.
“Handle what?” Nikaido questions, words coming out slightly muffled. He gets his answer when Senga suddenly starts thrusting earnestly and Nikaido has to use all of his strength to keep from sliding back and forth.
“Fuck, Nika,” Senga groans. “You’re so much tighter than usual.” He leans over and licks between Nikaido’s shoulder blades. He takes a hand off of the counter and gently runs his fingers up over Nikaido’s abs to his chest and back down his sides. Senga digs his fingers into Nikaido’s side once he gets below his waist line and Nikaido cries out.
“Need help, Nika?” Senga asks, not waiting for a reply before digging in the fingers of his other hand as well.
“Kenpi!” Nikaido gasps. “You’re gonna leave bruises!”
“I thought you liked it rough, though,” Senga grins. “Besides, who’s going to see them anyways? Not even Taipi wears his jeans that low.”
“Just shut up already,” Nikaido groans. His legs begin shaking when Senga starts thrusting even harder and faster now that Nikaido isn’t sliding around so much anymore.
“On second thought, maybe you should show Taipi how it’s done and wear your pants this low. Then everyone will see that you’re mine,” Senga says, and Nikaido feels his face get hotter. “Nika, you better touch yourself before I finish without you. If I let go, you’ll slide again.”
“Shit,” Nikaido complains, shifting his weight so that he can stroke himself off, faster and rougher than usual.
Senga manages to hold on until Nikaido cries out and comes before releasing himself. He doesn’t realize that he’s draped himself over Nikaido’s back and relaxed a little until it registers in his mind that Nikaido is complaining about how heavy he is and how he can barely even hold himself up.
*******
“I don’t ever want to see another skate again as long as I live,” Nikaido complains when they flop on the couch after a hot bath.
“Good luck with that,” Senga laughs. “We have skating rehearsal again tomorrow. I heard we’re testing out the idea of moving ramps tomorrow.”
“They’re trying to kill us…” Nikaido groans, trying to smother himself with a couch pillow. He jumps when Senga pokes at one of his bruises.
“It really did bruise, huh? Sorry…” Senga says.
“Whatever, it’s not like I won’t get more bruises tomorrow anyways. Do you really want me to be yours?” Nikaido asks, recalling what Senga had said.
“Maybe,” Senga says sheepishly, avoiding eye contact. “But I’m straight.”
“Well, obviously you’re just gay for me then,” Nikaido grins.
“Brat,” Senga laughs.
“I’m older than you!” Nikaido retorts. “Am I at least your brat then?”
Senga leans in to kiss Nikaido on the lips and he hopes that the half a brain he and Nikaido apparently share will tell Nikaido what it means.
Warning: Slash, sibcest.
***
At first, Faramir found everything reassuringly familiar. He walked the road from the Citadel down to the stables on the sixth level of the city, a road he had walked hundreds of times before. It was early morning, the city walls still shielding him from the rays of the rising sun. The air was chill and his breath frosted as he walked.
He was preoccupied with getting to the stables, saddling and bridling his horse, then riding out to the Rammas Echor. Worry gnawed at him; were the repairs to the northern stretch of the great wall complete, where their foes would beset them if Cair Andros fell? As he arrived at the stables, hearing the welcoming whinny of his mare, a voice called his name, and he turned, happy at the interruption. Boromir.
Unease touched him for a moment. Had not Boromir been away? When had he come home? He forgot his misgivings when his brother caught up to him, embracing him tightly, kissing his cheeks, Boromir’s usual greeting to Faramir when the brothers had parted for a time. They both laughed for no discernible reason, and held each other at arm’s length for a moment.
Faramir felt Boromir’s gaze inspect him, as it always did after an absence. He knew what his brother was looking for, and, as usual, he complied, lightly stroking his fingers across his brother’s left palm before releasing him. With a dozen stable hands and soldiers nearby, he could do no more. As he turned away, he saw Boromir’s lips part, a sigh escaping him.
He and Boromir strode out the last city gate into the Pelennor. What had happened to their horses? Faramir was confused for a moment, then accepted that they were going to walk. And why not: it was a beautiful day. The northern wall was five leagues away, an easy journey for them, though he wondered briefly where they would stay the night. The distance was too great for them to return to the city before nightfall.
Faramir took a deep breath. Although Ithilien had become homelike to him, the scent of the Pelennor -- wood smoke, barns stuffed with dried fodder, wet earth -- soothed him, a smell he had known all his life.  Behind them, the city was a reassuring bulk, the white walls turning golden in the sun’s first light.
They walked through the rich farmland, the turf unnaturally springy and soft.  With each step, Faramir went higher into the air, as if he would sail up, lose contact with the earth. He walked cautiously, attempting to set his feet down lightly; it would be embarrassing if Boromir saw him floating above the ground. But the slow, careful movement made things worse. The ground sucked at his feet, and his legs were heavy. He panicked for a moment. Could he move his legs at all? He looked down at his strangely unwilling limbs.
And noticed, in that downward glance, that Boromir wore no boots. Faramir’s faint worries that morning sharpened into dread. He halted. Boromir stopped his rapid stride, waiting for him. His brother was smiling joyously, full of happiness at the moment, so much so that Faramir feared telling him about his bare feet. How had Boromir walked so far without noticing?
“Boromir. Your boots.” Faramir spoke with effort. His tongue and lips felt stiff, as if he had not spoken for years.  Boromir did not look down, the natural response to his words,  frightening Faramir further. Boromir’s smile faded, and his face grew pale. Faramir rushed to him, for the paleness was not endurable in a living man.
He was too late. “Boromir,” he cried. “You’re dead.” Boromir looked down at the wounds blossoming on his chest. His face was white, too white to be living. Yet he stood, looking at Faramir with terrible sadness. As Faramir sought to hold him, to support him, Boromir stayed, somehow, just out of reach. “No!” Faramir screamed when blood gushed from Boromir’s mouth, and the lifeless body toppled over.
***
In the Houses of Healing in Minas Tirith, Gandalf, Imrahil, Pippin, and Aragorn looked down on Faramir, the new Steward of Gondor. If not for Faramir’s burning skin, Aragorn would have thought Faramir dead, the man was so pale and lifeless, resting on the bed as still as if he were in a tomb.
“You must tell me all you can of his days before he fell to this Shadow,” Aragorn said to Pippin. He looked at Gandalf and Imrahil to include them in his request.
There was much Aragorn knew already of Faramir’s plight. For months, as they travelled South with the Ringbearer, Boromir spoke to Aragorn of his brother, his father, and his city, Minas Tirith, the Tower of Guard. And, yet further back in his memories, Aragorn recalled his service to the Steward Ecthelion II, and his untrusting son, Denethor. The sons of Denethor had felt keenly that failure to satisfy the harsh demands of their father would result in cold actions and colder words.
Gandalf spoke first, telling of Denethor’s rejection of Faramir in the days leading up to the assault on the city of Minas Tirith by the forces of Mordor. Denethor had, in word and deed, shown to his youngest son Faramir that he had held his eldest son, Boromir, in higher regard. Aragorn listened sadly as Pippin and the others confirmed that Denethor had driven Faramir on, even as the darkness overcame him.
Everything Aragorn heard about Faramir led him to admire and pity the young man lying before him. Faramir had fought the shadows for days, staying with the soldiers who served him, as the Black Breath of Morgul slowly mastered him.
Aragorn put his hands on Pippin’s shoulders and squeezed as he heard the tale of Pippin’s role in rescuing  Faramir from the funeral pyre, where Denethor would have burned him to death as he lay helpless.
After Aragorn examined Faramir’s two-day old wound closely, he confirmed  that it had come from a Southron arrow or dart, as Imrahil and the others thought. Aragorn added, “If he had been smitten by some dart of the Nazgul, he would have died that very night.”
Pippin wondered at that, recalling the wound from the Morgul blade that Frodo had borne for days. But his usual hobbit pertness, as Gandalf called it,  deserted him at the sight of Faramir so close to death. For the first time since Aragorn had arrived in the city, Pippin despaired for the young man’s life.
The men and Gandalf left the room for a council of war. Pippin knelt by the bed and took one of Faramir’s hands in his. The bed on which the steward lay was soft, draped with fine woolen bedclothes. Faramir’s every need was tended to. The women who served in the house washed him carefully twice a day with cool water, then dressed him in fresh linen. They spooned water and broth into his mouth, wiping up what spilled down his chin.
Pippin fought back a sob as he considered it might not be enough. Faramir had lain in a fever for two days, his life stolen by a Shadow.
***Faramir woke. Or had he? It was difficult to tell, for it was dark around him. Was it night? He opened his eyes, then shut them. Someone was near, someone waiting for him to wake. Fear stabbed him, and his shoulder throbbed. The pain was hot, icy, burning. He writhed helplessly as the pain grew, but he could not cry out, for his mouth was stiff, his dry tongue like a foreign body between his teeth.
“Awake, Faramir, son of Denethor,” a cold voice whispered. Faramir opened his eyes. In the midst of the blackness, there was a deadly light, far off. He could sense the evilness of it, though it was remote. The cold voice laughed; the sound hit Faramir in every vein with agony. “Do you wish to see your brother again? Your father? I can give that to you.”
Faramir struggled to speak. “I want nothing you can give me,” he said, pushing the words out of his frozen lips. Father is dead?
“All I can give you is death,” said the cold voice. “Soon you will know the blackness to which your brother and father have gone.”
“No!,” Faramir cried, and for once the words came easily from his lips. “You are of the Void, and you cannot touch them; they have escaped you forever.”
There was a horrible noise, like a wild animal being skewered alive.  “You will have death,” the voice screamed, so loud it stunned Faramir’s senses. Pain shot through his skull, and his mind went dark.
***
When he opened his eyes again, he was waist deep in water. He looked about him, quickly recognizing the location: the Anduin as it flowed past North Ithilien. Why had he waded into the river? He stood, bewildered, gently buffeted by the current.
Then he saw Boromir at rest in the Elven boat. The boat was low in the water, half sunken; Boromir floated in the glowing water inside the boat, his face peaceful. Beautiful. As Faramir watched, the boat came up to him, nudging him, like a horse asking to go home. Carefully, he reached into the boat and lifted  Boromir. Boromir was lighter than he had been in life, yet Faramir was hard tasked to carry him. He laid his brother out on the soft green grass on the river bank.
Boromir lay on the grass as peacefully as he had lain in the boat. Faramir could not see the wounds on Boromir’s body. Why they were missing, he did not know; he knew only that he was grateful.
He waded into the river again to draw the boat to shore, but it was gone. He looked down the river; there was no sign of it. He would have gone in pursuit of it if Boromir did not now lie so near.
He returned to his fallen brother and knelt by him. Cool tears slid down Faramir’s face. He closed his eyes and tried to say a prayer. No words came to him. He could think only of Boromir’s smile.
“Do not weep for me, brother.” Boromir’s voice. Faramir’s eyes flew open. Boromir was resting on his elbows on the grass, legs stretched out, his face flushed with life. Faramir saw his chest expand as he drew breath.
“Do not weep for me, for I live. Do not listen to the dark voices that tell you otherwise,” Boromir said gently. He sat up, then held out a hand. Faramir stood, took it, and pulled him to his feet. Faramir struggled not to weep wildly in relief: his beloved brother lived. Boromir reached out a hand to him and lifted his hair up off his neck, letting it fall back gently, tickling his skin. Faramir’s tears broke at the familiar caress.
Boromir smiled patiently as Faramir struggled to master himself. With each passing moment, he grew more solid, more alive. Boromir grinned. “I promised you that you would see me again,” he said.
He gripped Faramir’s arms above the wrists; Faramir gripped him back. He saw Boromir’s questioning gaze, and responded, turning his hands and brushing both of Boromir’s palms with his fingertips. I love you.
For long years, they had communicated thus, depending on the circumstances of their meeting. In greater privacy, Boromir would risk kissing his mouth, not considered outlandish between grown brothers in Gondor, yet they avoided it, for it was difficult for them to do so without betraying themselves. Over the years, they found hidden touches to show their feelings. Sometimes, when Boromir kissed his cheek, his lips would briefly graze Faramir’s ear. A hand resting on an arm would slip to a waist. Once, on a rare occasion when they were seated beside each other at a meal, Boromir had taken his hand and entwined their fingers in his lap.
He could see by the look in Boromir’s eyes that his brother was thinking the same thoughts, and one more: that they were far away from any prying eyes. Boromir placed his hands on Faramir’s face, cupping it, and gently kissed him. Their mouths stayed closed, but no one who saw the kiss would mistake it for a familial caress. Their bodies pressed tightly together, and Faramir dropped his arms to encircle Boromir’s waist.
Faramir’s breath caught at Boromir’s expression; when they had parted the year before, Boromir leaving to seek Imladris, they had let down their guard and spent the night in each other’s arms. Boromir’s face was saying clearly: Give me more. He slid a hand to the end of Faramir’s spine, pulling him close.
“My love,” Boromir said, his voice full of want and desire. Faramir could not stop himself.  A voice inside him told him it was too soon -- Boromir had not been…well. Did he not need rest? His hunger for his brother’s arms and lips overwhelmed his concern, and he wrapped his arms around Boromir, kissing him hard.
The lips kissing him back were sweet, the breath as fresh as a stream high up in the mountains. Boromir’s skin felt cool, pleasantly so. Faramir wanted to feel that cool skin all along his body. He pulled Boromir’s clothing off, Boromir helping him to remove his own, his face rapt, as if he were looking at what he loved and desired most in the world.
They stood, naked, kissing, at the side of the river. Suddenly Boromir’s eyes were mischievous.  “Let’s swim,” he said. He picked Faramir up in his arms and waded into the water. Faramir rested his head against Boromir’s chest, relishing the cool bare skin against him. Boromir set him down and they stood waist deep in the water. Boromir embraced him again, and kissed him in earnest, his tongue pushing past Faramir’s. Faramir groaned into his mouth as their bodies touched. Thighs, belly, chest. Their toes squished into the mud.
“I love you,” Boromir said. Faramir felt peace wash over him. He could stay there forever, the cool river flowing softly past, Boromir’s skin against his. “I love you more than anything,” he said to Boromir, and knew it was true.
“Let me love you,” Boromir whispered. He took Faramir’s hand and led him to shallower waters, no deeper than their knees. Boromir knelt in the water, putting his hot mouth on Faramir, far hotter than his skin or the cool river. Boromir’s hands were on the backs of his thighs, and Faramir closed his eyes as the pleasure moved through him.
The feeling was soothing, which surprised him. It was nothing like the scorching desire that had flashed through him when they had lain together for the first, and only, time.  He surrendered to it, and gradually the pleasure grew. He put his hands on Boromir’s shoulders to steady himself. The mouth on him was demanding, forceful.
As the pleasure increased, he rose up on the balls of his feet, his leg muscles tightening, thrusting his hips forward. Boromir gave a groan of desire, and the sound vibrated through Faramir’s flesh. Finally the pleasure peaked, and it was like fire running through him. He felt his body burning, Boromir sucking hard so that not a drop escaped.
Faramir pulled away, panting, struggling to keep his feet, then realized there was no point to it, and sank down in the water next to Boromir.
Boromir smiled at him, but he did not look as well as he had moments before.
His skin had grown paler, waxy. Faramir reached for him, alarmed, as Boromir lay back in the water, stretching out as if exhausted, letting the current pull at him. Boromir’s features grew and blurred; his body swelled; his skin turned grey, then a livid white; a foul stench assaulted Faramir’s nostrils. Before he could touch Boromir, his brother’s body became a hideous mass, like the body of a drowned fisherman pulled out of the Anduin after a fortnight. The horrible bloated thing moved; its arms reached out to him. “Faramir, I love you,” said the wreck of his brother’s face.
Faramir scrambled backwards into deeper water, swifter current. He screamed as the monstrous thing moved after him. He fell, and the water took him, pouring down his throat, drowning his screams. The Valar save me, he begged. Let me die.
A cold laugh was the last thing he heard as the water smothered him.
***
Pippin  spent the day in the Houses of Healing, going back and forth between Merry and Faramir. He had even spent some time by Eowyn, though he did not know her well; he felt that Merry would have wanted it. He returned to Faramir’s bedside towards the end of the day. He took the man’s left hand and held it with both of his.
“Don’t you worry about a thing, Captain Faramir,” he whispered. “Strider is here now. He’ll take care of you. He fixed Frodo up, after Weathertop, and he’s going to fix up Merry, and Eowyn. I’m sorry, you don’t know them yet.” Pippin rested his cheek on Faramir’s hand, and, unnoticed, his tears soaked it. Something in him told him that Faramir must not be left alone. He kept talking, muttering bits of songs and rhymes when words failed him. At last grief overwhelmed him, and he threw himself down, resting his head on Faramir’s left arm, and sobbed. “Come back. Come back.”
***“Do not fear me, Faramir,” said a hesitant voice.
Faramir whirled around and choked down a scream of terror when he saw Boromir. His brother was dressed as a Guard of the Citadel. There were no marks on him; he appeared as he had before leaving to Imladris, or perhaps a few years earlier. There were fewer lines of care on his face.
“Stay away from me,” Faramir said through a throat constricted with fear. He looked about frantically; he did not recognize his whereabouts: high up on a hill, and far below a mighty river flowed out of a great lake. For a moment, the beauty of the setting calmed him. Then he took a sharp breath; he could see the isle of Tol Brandir and the falls of Rauros. He had never seen them in life, but such a distinctive landmark could not be mistaken. He was on Amon Hen, where Boromir had perished, fighting Orcs, protecting the Halflings.
He turned to face Boromir, raising his arms to defend himself. Boromir stood twenty feet away. “I am too late,” he said, watching Faramir back away from him. Tears ran down Boromir’s face. “Brother, you are burning.” He lifted his hands to Faramir.
Faramir laughed, a wild, frightened sound. “Stay away from me. You’re dead.”
“Yes, I am dead,” Boromir said gently.
Faramir stared at him suspiciously. “How do I know you are dead?” he asked.
Boromir hesitated. “I do not know how you can tell,” he admitted.
Faramir laughed, this time bitterly. “You are doing much better this time, lie of  Morgul. Almost, I believe you are my brother.”
He watched the shade that looked like Boromir sit down heavily on the hillside. Its head bowed and its back shook as it wept. Finally, the Boromir shade stood. Its words started slowly, gaining in power.
“Faramir, look for hope. Hope will come to you even here, as you lie burning, with fire in your veins. Hope. You will know him by his star.”
Faramir frowned at the gibberish, then his face contorted with pain as he grew fiercely hot. The air in his lungs was withering, burning. The Boromir shade took a step towards him. Faramir cried out in fear.
It retreated, and tears came from its false eyes. “Will you let me come again?” The voice, so like his brother’s, yet somehow richer, deeper, was imploring.
“No,” Faramir said. “You are loathsome to me. A demon. A lie to torment me.” He flinched when the Boromir shade vanished, leaving him alone on the hillside. The heat flared in him again, but it seemed one arm was cooler, the left, and he felt a moment of peace, as if he were falling gently into a natural, restful sleep.
***
Aragorn knelt by Faramir’s bedside. He had not yet found any athelas in the city, but time was growing short; he dared not wait any longer. He laid a hand on the steward’s forehead, closed his eyes, and followed Faramir into the darkness.
***
“Wake up, boy.” Faramir opened his eyes at the sound of his father’s voice. He was in his rooms adjoining the King’s House, in the Citadel of Minas Tirith. His father sat by his bedside, looking weary, yet his face was kind. “I have spent much strength, waiting for you to recover.”
Faramir eyed Denethor suspiciously. There was nothing fey about him, though it was unusual for his father to regard him with affection.
“What happened to me?” Faramir asked, hesitant.
“The fool of a Ranger claimed you were not struck by a foul weapon of the Morgul riders -- I knew better. Yet, he has some skill in healing, for you are recovering. You have been in a fever three days.”
“What Ranger are you talking about, father?”
Denethor looked displeased. The sight was reassuringly commonplace. “Let us not speak of him, my son.” Denethor’s eyes flared with anger. “He claims to be Isildur’s Heir!” His voice was full of scorn.
“He is the king?” Faramir asked, shocked.
“He is no king. He is nothing but the bedraggled chief of wretched Rangers. The Grey Pilgrim is behind him, however, so it will be no simple matter to get rid of him.”
Faramir smiled. His father was so comfortingly contrary. “I’ve missed you, father,” he said.
His father took his hand. “My son.” His voice held more love than Faramir had ever heard, more, even,  than when his father had addressed Boromir in the past. The thought of Boromir made Faramir jump.
He narrowed his eyes at Denethor. “What of Boromir?” he said, making the question purposefully vague.
Denethor looked distraught. “The fever has played tricks with your mind, I fear. Boromir is dead; he fell on the borders of our land. On that foul errand I sent him on.” Denethor bowed his head in grief.
Faramir felt tears in his own eyes, tears of relief as well as of mourning. The Morgul shades were gone. He was back in a world of grief and death and sorrow, his world. He was safe.
His father rose and fetched two unlit lanterns from the fireplace mantel and set them on the floor. “My son, I am sorry I abandoned you,” he muttered. “I should not have left you behind.”
Faramir smiled uncertainly. “You are with me now, father.”
“Ah, yes. We shall be together always.” There was a terrible yearning in Denethor’s face, and Faramir was moved. He had not known how deeply his father loved him.
Denethor grasped the coverlets loosely draping Faramir, pulling them down to his knees. Faramir frowned, for he was naked below the bedclothes. The cold air in the room bit his skin; he shivered hard, his teeth chattering.
He watched, confused, as Denethor lifted a candle from the table by the bedside. Smiling gently, his father tilted the candle. “Faramir, my boy, one thing still lies between us that I would have out before the end.” Hot wax fell on Faramir’s chest. Faramir sucked in a breath at the sudden pain.
Faramir’s muscles tensed to flee, his movement stopping with a jerk; his hands and feet were tied to the bed.  He pulled at the leather bonds, straining to get out of them. Denethor tilted the candle again. Faramir hissed as the wax landed on his left nipple.
He struggled and cried out while Denethor continued dripping the hot wax on his chest, his stomach, his thighs. “Faramir,” his father said with gentle remonstrance, as if he could not understand Faramir’s silence over such a trifle. “Tell me of Boromir. Did you lie with him?”
Faramir writhed when the hot wax landed close to his groin.
Boromir, my beloved. For a short, blessed moment, he felt Boromir’s fingertips gently stroking the abused flesh of his body. Make the pain go away, love, yes, touch me…Faramir let out a desperate moan, half passion, half fear, when he saw Boromir kneeling next to the bed. His brother’s fingers trailed over his body, leaving desire behind. He was naked from the waist up, and Faramir could see sweat gleaming on his chest. Behind him, Denethor stood, holding the candle.
Faramir closed his eyes as the fingertips caressed him. They are not here. Neither of them are here. His body arched into the touch as it moved between his legs. One hand stroked his chest as the other wrapped around his growing hardness. Boromir’s lips touched his ear. A tight squeeze of Boromir’s hand left him rigid.
He fought a scream when hot wax dripped between his thighs, Denethor regarding him with mild disappointment. As soon as the pain faded, fingertips caressed him.
Over and over, the hands roused him, and the wax burned him. The pain and pleasure blended into a single, agonizing sensation. After an uncountable number of repetitions, when the wax hit his flesh, he stayed hard. Nay, he grew harder. The twin tortures became one. He pushed equally towards the hands stroking him and the flaming wax falling. It seemed impossible that so much feeling could come from two hands and one candle. The wax hit him from knees to neck; the hands grasped at every inch of his body. He screamed as he came.
Faramir gulped in air when the torture ceased. The Boromir demon was gone.
Denethor opened the tops of the two lamps. Deliberately, he drizzled the oil in the lamps over Faramir’s weakly struggling body.
“We shall burn, Faramir,” his father said, love softening his voice. “Come with me. Boromir is waiting for you.”
“No!” Faramir cried, thrashing. Darkness billowed from Denethor, filling the room. The shape of his father reformed into a gigantic burning corpse.
“Burn, Faramir,” the cold voice said.
Hot wax from the candle dripped on him and flames sprang up. He could smell his hair catch on fire.
“We are waiting for you, Boromir and I.”
The flames leapt up as they fed on the blankets. Faramir felt the heat burning into him, his skin cracking, blood pouring out of the cracks…
He screamed from the depths of his soul, nothing left but the horror. A pit of blackness yawned below him, and he struggled not to pitch into it. A faint light came in the darkness, giving him hope. The pit slammed shut below him.
As his scream died away, he could no longer feel his flesh burn. The foul stench of burning hair was gone.
He opened his eyes, thankful he still had eyes to open, and saw the light that had come between him and the pit. This was not the foul light from before; it was as if a star had come into his room. The Denethor shade had vanished.
He sat up on the bed. The bonds were gone. He was whole, unmarked. The lanterns were back on the mantel. The star in the room shrank, narrowed, and he could see what brought it. The form of a man advanced, the star on his forehead giving off a powerful light.
Elendil? Faramir thought wonderingly. “Who are you?” he whispered. He shrank back on the bed. The glowing star on the man’s forehead kept Faramir from seeing his face.
The apparition finally spoke. “I am called Estel.” Hope. It meant nothing to him. Then he remembered the words of the Boromir demon. He moved back on the bed, crouching naked on top of it, his back to the wall. He looked around the room for something he could use as a weapon.
“Don’t come any closer. Show your face!” Faramir was frightened, yet he felt new strength coming to him from somewhere in the room. Whatever this thing was, he would meet it without cowering.
The man stopped. Faramir saw hands outlined against the light, and then the star moved, was extinguished.
Faramir swallowed, his mouth dry. The demon before him was more beautiful than any man he had ever beheld. His dark hair framed a face that glowed with wisdom and compassion. His blue-grey eyes looked levelly at Faramir. Faramir gazed at the soft lips in the majestic face and his breath quickened.
Shaking his head, he attempted to move farther away, although his back was already to the wall. “At least your purpose is plain, demon.” Faramir said, glancing from the demon’s eyes to the bed. “Come and take me, then rip out my throat with your fangs, or whatever it is that is in your foul nature.”
The demon Estel looked at him sorrowfully. “Have you been beset by demons?”
Faramir laughed harshly. “None as beautiful as you. Most have come in the guise of those I love.”  He lay down on the bed, curling into himself. Hysterical laughter built in him. He suppressed it with great effort. “This time, I may find enjoyment, at least. Come, do not delay. You shall become a werewolf, or worse, any moment, and I would rather be taken by you in your current shape.”
The demon moved towards him uncertainly. “What is it that you want me to do?”
“Want? What does it matter, what I want? You seduce me first, then slay me in some foul manner,  at the moment of greatest pleasure. At least I have never seen your face before.”
The demon Estel looked stricken.
Faramir laughed, and trembled at the madness in the sound. “You are a strange demon. Beautiful and kind.”
Cautiously, it seemed,  the demon Estel moved closer to him. For the first time, Faramir noticed Estel’s clothing. It was old and worn, though well made. There was a small star on his cloak, the star of the Rangers of the North.
“You are a Ranger?” Faramir asked.
The demon said, “Yes. My name is Aragorn, son of Arathorn.”
“I’m Faramir,” he said faintly, shyness overcoming him as the beautiful demon drew close.
The demon smiled. There was no hint of fangs in the smile. “I know who you are, my brave steward,” it said.
Faramir saw love in Estel’s face, and felt something shift within him. Estel sat down on the edge of the bed, and reached out a hand to touch Faramir’s forehead. Faramir sighed with pleasure; the hand was cool and comforting.
Faramir stretched out on the bed and closed his eyes, the soothing hand on his brow filling him with peace. “That’s good,” he said inadequately. He opened his eyes, sat next to Estel on the edge of the bed, and kissed him softly on the lips. The demon looked nervous. “For a foul lie of Morgul, you are strangely unsure of yourself,” Faramir said.
Estel spoke slowly. “I am not a lie, nor a demon. I am a man.”
Faramir smiled, his desire surging for the beautiful being, demon or no. He embraced Estel and kissed him again, harder, then straddled Estel, sitting on his lap. His fingers worked at the man’s clothing. Estel lay back on the bed and let himself be stripped.
Once he had Estel naked, he saw Estel’s eyes fix on  his wound. Faramir let out a soft cry as an image came to his mind:  Estel fastening his lips to the wound, his beautiful face changing to that of a beast…
He forced himself to keep his eyes on Estel’s face, drinking in its beauty, its love. He straddled the prone man again, enjoying the sensation of bare flesh meeting.
“You are the most ravishing being I have ever seen,” Faramir whispered. He bent forward and kissed Estel. At last, Estel kissed him back. Estel’s fingertips fluttered over his chest, stroking it. The flesh below Faramir stirred and grew hard. Faramir slid back and forth on top of it. He locked his hands behind the man’s neck and thrust his tongue into the soft, warm mouth. The demon’s tongue fought him unsuccessfully.
Slowly, Faramir stretched out full length on top of Estel. The look on Estel’s face made him laugh. “You are an exceedingly imperfect demon,” he said. He wet Estel and himself with his mouth and fingers, then lowered himself onto the man, moving cautiously, adjusting the angle. Pleasure flooded through him, and involuntarily he pushed all the way down, impaling himself.
He rocked back and forth slowly. Estel grabbed his hips and pushed up into him. Faramir moved his body faster, coming down as hard as he could on each stroke, Estel pushing up at exactly the right moment.
In spite of the intense pleasure, or perhaps because of it, Faramir had great difficulty moving. Each time he lowered himself, it was harder to move back up. “I can’t,” he gasped. Weariness overcame him. He felt like weeping.
Estel gently pushed him off and to the side, rolling him onto his stomach. Faramir tried to raise his hips but could not. A hand reached under him and stroked him. Estel entered him and thrust hard. Faramir breathed raggedly. “Please. I can’t,” he groaned. He feared that his release would shatter him. Even as he felt his last bit of strength fail, his body betrayed him, his hips lifting up so that Estel could reach beneath him to stroke him, pound into him faster.
All of the pleasure flowing through his body centered in two places: the part of his body surrounding Estel, and the part of him surrounded by Estel’s hand. He cried out weakly as his climax took him. He felt Estel jerk, pulsing inside him, his body collapsing on top of Faramir. Strangely, he felt Estel’s cooling hand still on his brow.
Estel rolled off him and Faramir turned over to embrace him. He forgot that the man was a demon; he wanted to rain kisses all over him. He drew back, shocked, at the suffering on the man’s face.
Estel’s face was grey with weariness. Faramir wrapped his arms around him and held him tightly. He felt frightened, as frightened as he had felt years ago, when he had been told his mother was gone.
“Faramir,” Estel said, his voice sounding as faint as if it came from below the sea.  “Please, my steward, leave these shadows…”
Faramir kissed him softly. “I shall, my king.” King? Where had that thought come from? Of course: Estel had called him “my steward.” Only the king would call him that. He must be the Ranger, the healer,  Denethor had spoken of. “Are you here to heal me?”
“Yes. Leave this darkness. I will have need of you.”
“Command me, and I will come.” Faramir held Estel tightly. A breath came into the room. At first a gentle breeze, it turned into a roaring wind. It was like the first Springtime of the World, a breath of air from Aman. It swept away the mists from Faramir’s mind. He fell back on the bed, swooning. “Come back with me, Faramir,” he heard the king say, softly, in his mind.
Then he was waking.
He opened his eyes and saw Estel bending over him.
Faramir looked at him, his face full of love. “My lord, you called me. I come. What does the king command?”
***
Alone again, Faramir lay back, exhausted, although now his weariness felt wholesome, the gentle tiredness one has while on the mend from an illness. Aragorn had bid the healers to build a small banked fire in his room, and a pot of water and athelas over it steamed fragrantly. He knew he could sleep through the night without fear. He smiled when Pippin came into the room, the Halfling crying out with joy on seeing the steward awake.
***
Later that night, after taking council with Gandalf and the others concerning their next move in the war against Sauron, Aragorn returned to the Houses of Healing to check on his charges. He found Merry in good spirits, Eowyn less so, her eyes cast down, her words still without hope. He left her with Eomer, then went to see Faramir last. The steward’s recovery was not assured in Aragorn’s mind, for the manner of his father’s death had been kept from him, as well as Denethor’s attempt to murder him.
Pippin was sitting up on Faramir’s bed, talking in a lively manner, the steward listening with a kind smile. “Pippin,” Aragorn said, more sharply than he intended. He caught himself. “Have you spent time with Merry this evening?” he said.
“Yes, the Knight of the Riddermark is doing very well, thank you.” Pippin laughed and jumped down from the bed. Aragorn took his place on Faramir’s bed, laying his hand on Faramir’s forehead. Faramir closed his eyes and smiled.
“I remember you doing that, my lord.”
Aragorn was surprised; he knew little of what had happened. When he had entered the darkness, his mind had clouded. All he could recall was walking through a freezing mist, calling Faramir’s name.
“You can remember my coming to you when you were…elsewhere?”
“Yes,” Faramir said.
Aragorn tried to understand the strong emotion in the steward’s reply. He took Faramir’s hands in his own. “You fought valiantly, my steward,” he said. He was puzzled by the look of pain on Faramir’s face.
“I almost failed,” Faramir whispered. “When I remember it, I sometimes wish that I had. My father’s death…I know of how he died, though you have not spoken of it.”
Aragorn stroked his hands, feeling pity for the young man. “He was not himself. You may not know this: he looked into a forgotten Palantir in the White Tower, and his mind was ensnared by the Enemy.”
Faramir did not know that, judging by his grateful reaction, Aragorn thought. “Thank you for telling me that, my king.”
Aragorn reddened. “Please do not call me that. I have vowed that Sauron must fall before I ask for the crown of Gondor.”
Faramir pulled Aragorn’s hands to his mouth and kissed them. “I have seen you in your true guise, my lord…Estel,” he whispered. “You are the king. I know it.”
Aragorn, heart thudding, bent down to kiss the steward’s forehead. Faramir caused a powerful emotion in him; he was unsure what it was. He knew, however, that he was grateful that this was the man who would rule by his side, if they were successful against the Enemy. Faramir’s hands clasped behind his neck, holding him close. The steward kissed him on the lips, harder than Aragorn expected. Almost, it seemed, that Faramir’s lips were parting, and his tongue…
Aragorn pulled away, breathing fast. He took Faramir’s hands, squeezed them, stood abruptly, then made ready to leave. At the door, he turned for a last look, and Faramir saw the confusion on his face.
He remembers none of it…or what he does remember is not what I remember, Faramir realized, aghast.
Pippin had watched them both, looking confused. He saw Faramir’s distress and clambered back up on the bed, throwing his arms around Faramir, hugging him. Faramir clutched at the offer of comfort. Illness makes weaklings of us all. But I know better than any that it takes more strength to accept help than to refuse it. And greater strength to ask for it.
Pippin’s eyes twinkled. “He is the king, you know,” he said conspiratorially. “Don’t worry, you can talk to me about it.” At Faramir’s request, Pippin resumed his tale of the Fellowship’s journey. Faramir had heard a similar account from Frodo and Sam, but he could not hear enough about his brother. And he wished to know more of Aragorn, whom Frodo had largely left out of his tale. Faramir thought of Boromir’s travels with Aragorn and felt a touch of envy. For which man, he did not know.
***
Faramir woke. No, he was not awake, he was dreaming. He felt calmed at knowing the difference. He was once again on the high hill, Rauros rumbling below.
He saw a crumbling structure at the top of the hill and headed towards it. It was Amon Hen, the Seat of Seeing. He was not near the path that led to it, so he struggled through the thick grass and tangled trees.
At last he reached the top, and stood in the flat circle paved with large stones. He looked at the seat, but did not go up to it. He examined his unease, and knew he feared to see Boromir. Did he need to fear it? Were not the Morgul demons driven out, defeated, by Estel? He ran up the steps and sat down. He looked down the decaying path and saw a man leaping up the steps far below. When the man lifted his head and called Faramir’s name, he could see it was Boromir. He sat steadily on the seat, waiting, feeling strength in the old stones.
Boromir drew near rapidly. He was wearing a traveling cloak. He looked younger than he had when Faramir had last seen the Boromir shade on the hillside, and, at that moment, Faramir understood that this Boromir was the real one.
Boromir raced up the stairs, taking two at a time, with the energy of youth. He looked twenty years of age, more beautiful than any memory. When he reached the top of the steps, he stopped and smiled. “Thank you for letting me come back, brother.”
“Thank you for bringing Estel to me, brother,” Faramir said softly. Boromir grinned, then laughed, a hearty guffaw that surprised Faramir, though he could not help but join in it. Boromir sat next to him on the seat, which seemed to have been built for giants. He draped an arm over Faramir’s shoulders, and looked out with him over the world. Both of them kept their eyes from the shadow in the east.
“Sorry for laughing , Faramir, but you should have seen your face!” He chuckled, recalling it. “Like a lovesick maiden.”
“I do not deny it,” Faramir said, trying to sound dignified. “I love him. More than I should.”  He sighed. “He does not know. I will not tell him.” Boromir hugged him and kissed Faramir on the forehead.
“I admit that such feeling has become strange to me,” Boromir said. “I love you differently. More, yet it is different. The flesh…the love of the flesh is not there,” he said softly. He ruffled Faramir’s hair. “I will go to the Halls of Mandos. You will not see me again, I think. I do not know for certain.” Faramir started to weep.
“Do not fear your love, Faramir. Do not hold it back. Whether he knows of it or not, it will be there,” Boromir whispered. “Love him as you loved me. Alas, I have gotten no better at saying what I mean.”
“I understand you,” Faramir whispered. He rested his head on Boromir’s shoulder, feeling a great emptiness inside. His brother, gone. It could not be.
“More love is coming to you, Faramir. For you were meant to be loved.” Boromir kissed his brow again. “Pippin, now. He risked his life to save you.” Faramir drew back, surprised.
“Ah, I see they did not tell you all.” Boromir quickly told him of what had taken place in the tombs, leaving Faramir somber.
Stumbling over the words, he told Boromir of the nightmarish vision of Denethor’s attempt to burn him. “And yet, I felt his love for part of it. It was strange, for it was not something I had felt before, Boromir. No doubt you know of what I speak, for father loved you best.”
Boromir shook his head. “He did not, and you know it. He loved me for my obedience, for my strength, for the glory he thought I would bring…to him. He saw me only as a tool he wielded. Would you call that love? I would not. You would not obey, and so he withheld from you that love…if love it can be called.”
Faramir mulled over Boromir’s words and felt overwhelming sadness intermixed with relief.  Grief that his father had been so alone; relief that he was not to blame for his father’s estrangement. “I fear you are right, Boromir.” The brothers regarded each other gravely, knowing without speaking what they had always known: that they had filled the void of their father’s indifference with their own love.
Boromir let him go and kissed him gently on the lips, then spoke tenderly:  “I must go now.  We will meet again, beyond the Circles of the World.” Before Faramir could speak, he was gone, vanished into the sunlight.
"And inside, inside is war all the time"
  -- "Lilith/Eve" by Machines of Loving Grace
"I know your life is empty
And you hate to face this world alone
So you're searching for an angel
Someone who can make you whole...
I can not save you...
I can't even save myself...
So save yourself
I know that you've been damaged
Your soul has suffered such abuse
But I am not your savior
I am just as fucked as you..."
  -- "Save Yourself" by Stabbing Westward
------------------------------------------------------------------------
//This is sad, Danny, really sad.//  Daniel Pendrell looked at the
wall rack of guitar string packs and still couldn't find the ones his
brother had asked for.  //Asked for?  Told you to get and knew you
would.  No one even asks anymore, not when Danny is such a nice
guy.// He should ask one of the employees for help but, out of
some urge to wallow in self-pity, didn't.
//I should be doing better things with my Saturdays.  The sad thing
is, I don't have any better plans.//
Danny felt uncomfortable wandering among all the jamming musicians
testing instruments and equipment.  As stupid as it might sound, he
couldn't help feeling that they had fraud radar and knew he didn't
belong here.  A cacophony of tunes on many different instruments
fought for dominance at occasionally ear-splitting volume, but one
caught his ear.  //That sounds like Killing Joke's "Requiem."  Now
there's a song you don't ever hear in public.  It's being played on
a keyboard, I think.  I might as well go see.  I'm not getting
anything done here.//
He wandered past musicians of all kinds as he walked through the
keyboard department following the tune until... //My God, is that
Mulder playing?//
******************************************************
Fox lost himself in the music, feeling the sound and vibration fill
in the empty spaces.  With his eyes closed his fingers moved
unerringly through the right succession of keys on the keyboard, just
a boy and his borrowed Korg.  He didn't get to do this often enough.
Three weeks of oblivion and strange, dark feelings as Mulder kept
Fox and the others submerged while he absorbed a serial killer's
mind and hunted him down.  When Fox demanded a weekend of freedom,
Mulder surrendered.  Fox thought that maybe Mulder needed a break
from being at the wheel, time to rest and recuperate and expunge
the remnants of serial killer from his psyche.
Fox had an excellent sense of his personal space, so he immediately
knew when someone stopped in front of him and someone stopped beside
him.  The person beside him kept creeping closer, triggering Fox's
he-deserves-a-knee response, so Fox opened his eyes and slid them
over to him first.
A bit avant-garde, tall, lean, handsome, and totally arrogant
musician, probably a guitarist.  While there was nothing wrong
with any of that, something about the man's body language, the
way he leaned in on Fox, spoke of a predator.  /Oh, give me
strength.  I don't need this shit today./
//Fox, be careful.//
/Chill, Mulder.  I handle this sort of thing all the time and take
better care of this body than you do.  You deserve a break, so take
it and leave me alone.  This is my weekend.  You promised.  You
promised.../
//All right, Fox.//
"I see you here once in a while.  You're very good," the musician
said.  "How old are you?"
Everyone asked that.  Mulder often got taken for as much as ten
years or even younger than he was.  Somehow, something about
Fox made that body seem even younger.  Fox couldn't say whether
his attitude or different manner of movement made the change.
"14, 37, 5, 25.  What does it matter?" Fox answered, still playing.
"Are you in a band?"
Stab of old but still sharp pain.  //Fox...//  /Stay out of this,
Mulder!/  "No, I'm not."
"You should be."
/Yeah, I should be, but it'll never ever happen.  Not when I'm like this./
"Do you want to be?"
/And the snake said to Eve, isn't that the most beautiful apple
you've ever seen?/  "Not really.  I have too many other things to do."
"You're lying."  He moved in even closer, breathing on Fox's neck.
/He really needs a knee./  "I'm not interested.  In anything you're
offering.  Leave me alone."  Fox could tell Gabe, the store
manager, about this creep and have the bastard ejected into the
street, but Fox hated involving other people.
"Make me."
"Hey, he's not interested," a new voice said.  "You should leave."
/I know that guy.  Who is he?/
//That's Agent Pendrell!  Fox, do you have any idea how--//
/I'll handle it!  I have as much reason to want our secret to stay
secret as you do!  Damn, this day is going to hell./
"Is this your boyfriend, dear?"
"Never seen him before in my life.  He just has a better idea of
what's going on than you do."  /Don't push me.../
The creep moved in even closer.  Fox spun and thrust his knee up
into the man's groin.  When he crumpled forward, Fox drove his
elbows into the would-be predator's back, forcing the knee in
further.  The man crumpled to the floor, gasping and making tiny,
high-pitched noises of agony.
"In case you haven't figured it out yet, 'no' means 'no,' you stupid
son of a bitch.  You're not listening.  That figures." One of Gabe's
salesmen came by and stared.  "Could you clean this trash off the
floor?  Someone might trip over him." Fox turned to Pendrell.  "Hi.
Thanks for trying to help."  /He has the nicest blue eyes.  Nicer
than Scully's.  Why didn't you tell me about this, Mulder?/
//What?//
"It looks like you didn't need it."
"Is there anything I can do for you?"
"I'm sorry.  You just look like someone I know.  But you're not him."
/See, Mulder?  A different attitude, posture, and accent do make a
difference./
//We'll see how much it makes when he sees me again.//
Fox held out his hand.  "I'm--" /Oh, damn, I can't say "Fox," not
and keep up the charade./  "--Michael." Fox smiled.  "Like the
archangel.  Not 'Mike'.  Michael... Ganz."
//Ganz?  Our music appreciation teacher?  What are you doing,
Fox?  Say thank you and leave.//
Pendrell took Fox's hand and shook it.  "I'm Daniel Pendrell, but
you can call me 'Danny' if you like."
"I really do appreciate you stepping in.  Let me buy you dinner."
"Oh, I can't--"
"Please.  No one does anything nice for anyone else anymore.  I
want to encourage any random acts of niceness I see."
//What the hell are you doing?  Please don't seduce him, Fox; I
have to work with him occasionally.//
/Oh, shut up./
"I came here for a reason.  I still have to get something, and I can't
find it."
"Maybe I can help."  When Pendrell showed him the notepaper he
had the strings' name written on, Fox said, "Oh, sure, I know where
those are.  This'll be easy."
******************************************************
As Danny sat across the table from Michael he wondered how
someone who looked so much like Mulder could be so different.
Mulder surely never wore all black clothing like it made a political
and style statement at once.  The fading sunlight streaming through
the window sometimes reflected off the silver ankh Michael wore
around his neck.  He glowed with life and seemed to be in constant
motion; even at rest his long fingers traced patterns on the table.
He was almost ludicrously sensual.  The slight New England
accent occasionally grated on Danny's nerves, but the invariably
warm tone of the words made up for the nasal "a"s when they came.
Perhaps the biggest difference rested in the attitude.  Danny knew
that Mulder found his obvious crush on Dana Scully to be a
constant source of amusement.  The contempt the older man felt
for him hurt.  Michael seemed to enjoy his company and listened
intently to every word he said.
Michael's bright green eyes took in everything with such pleasure
and intensity that Danny got the impression that the other--younger?--man would probably be able to remember what color
every object in the diner had been after they left.
Michael had coaxed him into talking about work.  Danny avoided
details of any actual cases but mentioned some of the procedures
he did and materials he used.  Michael followed it all incredibly
well.
//What, he's attractive, so he has to be an airhead?  Oh, God, I
think he's attractive?//
Eventually Michael got him talking about Scully.  "So what's
stopping you from saying how you feel?" Michael asked.
"My tongue grows to five times its normal size, and I trip over it.  I
bet you're never at a loss for words in that situation."
"You're right, but there's a terrible reason why.  When you talk
about her, you glow, Danny.  I've never felt that way about
anyone.  It's easier to talk when it doesn't matter what effect your
words will create."
Michael looked so sad that Danny put his hand over Michael's,
stilling it, and squeezed gently.  //Why did I do that?//  But then
Michael smiled the same way he did when he said he'd been named
after the archangel, and Danny stopped breathing.  //That's why.//
The waitress arrived with Michael's hot fudge sundae, stopping
Danny from saying the idiotic thing that almost left his lips.  When
she set it down in front of Michael, his eyes gleamed in anticipation,
but he said, "I'll never be able to finish this alone.  Want some?"
//This is seeming more like a first date by the moment.//  "I
shouldn't."
"Why not?  When you're 95 years old, toothless, cranky, and
wearing a diaper, you'll wish you enjoyed yourself more when you
were younger.  Besides, chocolate has mood-altering chemicals to
make you feel better.  It's a scientific fact."
"Who am I to argue with science?  Give me a spoon."
As Michael handed him a spoon, he said, "The true appreciation of
a hot fudge sundae is an art.  You have to carefully modulate how
much of the hot you get with the cold, how much creamy smooth
vanilla ice cream you take with the biting kick of the fudge.  The
whipped topping is just a distraction."
Danny asked, "Who gets the cherry?" even as he cringed at how
suggestive it sounded.  The gleaming bright red fruit in question
sat atop the sundae's peak.
Michael's vibrant dragon green eyes gleamed with mischief.  "We
save it for last and spoon duel for it."
To Danny's surprise, Michael stayed with his art and restrained
himself from devouring the fudge first.  It seemed out of character
from Danny's conception of him.  Michael also left plenty of fudge
for his sundae companion, who found himself appreciating it more
when he kept a careful balance of elements instead of just gobbling
down whatever sat closest to his spoon.
Finally only the maraschino cherry remained, glowing bright neon
from the bottom of the dish.  It made Danny feel weak in the knees
to watch Michael suck the last of his ice cream from his spoon,
leaving it a gleaming silver.  He twirled it twice to reposition it in
his fingers then readied it at the edge of the dish.
"I'm ready when you are," Danny said.
Michael grinned.  "Go!"
Their spoons hit each other and the dish with a loud clicking noise
and pushed the cherry around.  It reminded Danny of hockey, just
on a much smaller scale, as they chased their quarry and blocked
one another with the clashing of their silverware.
"I heard something about maraschino cherries once," Michael said,
although his gaze never wavered and his spoon never slowed.
"Third-hand, so I don't know how accurate it is, but it's something
to think about.  This one guy buried a maraschino cherry in his
backyard and put a marker on it so he'd know where he put it.  For
an experiment he let it sit down there for two years then dug it up."
His grin became more predatory. "When he opened up the grave
the cherry looked exactly the same as it did when he buried it!"
Danny snorted but said, "You are not distracting me."
Finally Michael's spoon pinned his against the side of the dish, and
nothing Danny did could get it free.  He rattled it helplessly and
put all the power of his arm behind it but remained trapped.  Just
when he stopped struggling, Michael's spoon flew backwards to
scoop up the cherry.
"To the victor goes the spoils."  He picked it up by the stem and let
it dangle over his mouth.  His pink tongue darted out to lick a last
bit of fudge off it, making Danny squirm, then he devoured it in
delicate yet savage bites like a cat.
//Completely unsocialized.  Has to be.  People just don't do that... Either that or it's an attempt at seduction.  No, I don't think so.//
"Y'know, I always wanted to be able to tie a cherry stem into a
bow with my tongue like that chick on Twin Peaks, but I still
can't do it."  He didn't sound sultry, just intrigued and a little
disappointed.
//Thank God.  I don't know if I could take it.//
******************************************************
As they walked to Danny's apartment, or Danny walked and
Michael bounced, they sang Killing Joke's "Age of Greed" softly.
Danny sang, "Power over people--"
"Yes, yes!" Michael sang and pogoed.
"Power over people--"
"Be the privileged few," they sang together, "to have to own to
hold..."
When Danny unlocked the door and turned on the light, he
nervously awaited Michael's verdict.  What would someone who
had Michael's barely controlled chaos think of this overly neat
room?  //Why does it matter?//
Michael looked around and said, "It makes sense for a lab tech to
be neat.  With all the toxic and dangerous things you deal with, it's
only smart to know where everything is.  There's just enough clutter
here to save it from being frightening.  Hey, who's this?" Danny's
giant orange tabby wound around his legs.  Like a cat himself, Michael
gracefully flowed to the floor to be face to face with the cat.
//I never thought about how bad this sounds...//  "Mr. Whiskers,"
Danny said as quietly as possible, ready to die.  "It was the family
cat.  I swear I had nothing to do with the name.  I was about 12 at
the time."
Greatly trusting, Michael let Mr. Whiskers sniff his face.  "It's not
so bad.  I mean, he has whiskers, and he's a mister, right?"
Danny felt his head start to pound.  "Actually, he's a she."
But Michael laughed with delight.  "I love it.  Always leave 'em
guessing, eh, love?  And it almost rhymes.  Do you know that
some scientists believe that cats only meow at human beings?
Among themselves they use mostly body language and other
sounds.  Maybe 'meow' means 'hey, you!' in Cat."
Danny tried not to watch Michael sinuously sliding around on the
carpet to play with the cat, tried not to notice the way those long
fingers scratched and stroked Mr. Whiskers into a purring fit.  "But
that sounds so rude," Danny said faintly.
"That's where the body language comes in.  The cat meows 'Hey,
you!' then says with its body, 'Can't you see that I'm starving?
Don't I give you all the affection you could ever want?  Feed me
and I'll be forever grateful,' or 'Watch the way I move, all sleek
grace.  Wouldn't I feel good under your fingertips?  Please touch me.'''
"I--have to go to the kitchen.  Right now.  Do you want some
coffee?"
"If you have tea, that would be nice."
"Right." //I'm not fleeing the room.//
******************************************************
Fox picked up the cat and sat down.  /Hey, Mulder, come out and
meet Mr. Whiskers./
When Mulder took over the petting, Mr. Whiskers briefly stopped
purring then started again.  //She knows the difference.  You are
trying to seduce him.//
/Am not!  And why do you have to be such an asshole to him?
He's sweet and kind and gentle.  I like the way he blushes and the
way his eyes turn slightly green and dilate to something darker
when he looks at me./
//He's a--//
/What, a nerd?  You do remember how you dressed while we
were in high school, right?  How about the fact that we were all
arms, legs, and nose until our late teens?/
//Fox, are you going soft on him?//
/Shut up!/
//Fox, this is dangerous.//
/And your thing with Krycek wasn't?/
//I was stupid.//
Oh, mistake.  /No, Mulder, you weren't.  You like him, he's
attractive, it's not unusual--/
//I let him lead me around by my--//
/You were happy for a while.  Why spoil it?/
[Because it was a stupid thing for Mulder to do, just like what
you're doing now is stupid,] William said.  [You're even naming
yourself now?  Who the hell do you think you are?  Do you
think a new name will make you a different person?]
/Isn't that who we are in a nutshell?  Stay out of this, William.
Are we supposed to be bitter and cold like you?/
[You'd be a damned sight safer.]
/We'd be dead inside!/
//He's right, Fox.//
[Damned straight.  You're happy now, but it's all based on lies.
How do you think he'd look at you if he knew the truth?]
******************************************************
Danny stood in the kitchen and tried to regain his courage and
common sense.  //I'm not attracted to men.  Why do I want to touch
him so badly?  I don't understand it all.//  He couldn't even say that
Michael had any feminine traits. Being so intensely sensuous didn't
make him any less masculine.
Watching Michael made him more aware of his own body too, made
him want to rediscover the world with all his senses.  He wanted
to touch--  The feeling unsettled him.
Danny fled those thoughts but headed straight into other
unpleasant ones.  Michael reminded him of his high school days
when he hung with the freaks to save himself from being labeled a
geek.  Better to be misunderstood and maybe feared a little than
despised. Danny never did anything extreme to his hair or pierced
anything, but he listened to obscure bands and dressed in funereal
black while still keeping his grades up and involving himself in the
occasional resume-building extracurricular activity.  Stealth honors
student.  He avoided the depressed and unstable freaks in favor of
the happier ones like Michael and had some wild times.
In his last semester of senior year he cleaned up and chased the
college of his choice at full throttle.  His parents embraced him like
the prodigal son, while his friends seemed to be mortally wounded.
The things he'd played at had been their life's philosophy, and they
couldn't help seeing his defection and refusal to commit as a
betrayal of all they were.
For years Danny had felt some satisfaction in the thought that no
one he worked with really knew him, that underneath the bland,
nerd exterior lay something that would shock people.  But now he
realized that he had settled into full-on geekdom years ago without
really being aware of it, a gradual sloughing off of all his rough
spots and wildness until he had become what he appeared to be.  It
made Daniel sad to see that, but Michael, who had stayed true to
the darker, harder path, showed him by example the perils of not
buckling down to become another cog in the machine.
Michael had been reticent about discussing his home life and
refused to reveal his address.  He didn't sound at all eager to return
home later.  At first Danny had thought that he might be homeless
or passing from friend to friend, but Michael looked too well cared
for.  That led to his next thought, that Michael might be a hustler,
using sex to pay his way.  It would explain so much.  He couldn't
see Michael living with two older brothers as he claimed.
But Danny didn't want to think that.  It sounded so tawdry.  Even
with all his flirting, Michael seemed too innocent for sex for
money.  //It would explain why he's here with me though...  No, I
don't want to think about it.//  In any case, he'd never heard of a
hustler who bought his john dinner and then expected to be paid
for sex.
//You can't hide out in the kitchen all night.  Get out there.//
Danny put all the tea things on a tray and walked out to find a
more subdued Michael holding and stroking Mr. Whiskers.
Depressed, he resembled Mulder more.  //What happened?//
"Michael, you don't have to stay."
Michael rose from whatever inner depths he'd plunged and said, "I
want to."
Danny sat near him and put the tray on the nearby coffee table.
"What would you be doing now if you weren't here?"
"I don't know.  I couldn't stay in the apartment; I just leave my
stuff there.  I've read all the books, and I don't want to watch TV
again.  I would probably go out and find either a club or a place
where I could play pool.  One of my brothers taught me how to
play when I was a kid."
"That sounds nice."  Danny had such a homey picture in his mind.
Two brothers in the den, bent over a pool table... //Not like that!  I
guess I have more of a perverted side than I realized.//
He refined the image until it fit a more family-oriented template.
A younger Michael, pool cue in his hands, leaning over the table as
an older Michael--since Danny had no idea what the brother looked
like--stood behind him, guiding the shot, adjusting his grip,
whispering pointers.  //Better.//
"I didn't want to listen at first," Michael said as he stroked the cat.
He sounded distant.  "I was scared and distracted.  Being locked in
the basement did that to me."
//Oh, God, this really doesn't sound like what I thought it was.//
But Danny said nothing to interrupt him.
"Dad hated all of us, and sometimes he would lock us in down
there.  My brother... Marty always kept watch over us, let us sleep
through it, suffered through it alone to keep us safe.  I couldn't
handle the basement, because I don't seem to perceive time as
something that passes.  It's all just one eternal present for me.
Sometimes we would be down there for hours, and I wouldn't be
able to sleep anymore because I was impatient and worried for...
for Marty.
"He knew I couldn't take it without something to keep my mind
occupied so he found the family's old, worn-out pool table, one
cracked pool cue, and six balls so he could teach me.  He was so
patient with me.  It made things easier.
//Oh, Michael...//
"He can be such an asshole sometimes and so overprotective, but I
do love him dearly." Then Michael looked up and caught the look
on Danny's face.  "Oh, shit, I shouldn't have told you that, should
I?  Why the hell did I say all that?  I never talk this much." Michael
stood up abruptly, and Mr. Whiskers jumped free with an aggrieved
whine.  "I have to go.  I don't want to bring you down."
Danny grabbed him by the arm.  "You don't have to go."
Michael looked away. "If I stay I'll say something stupid I'll
regret."
"You can't say anything stupid to me." Danny pulled him in close
and, greatly daring, hugged him, remembering that touch seemed
to calm him.  With their height difference, Michael seemed to fold
around Danny like a warm blanket or a protective shield.  Daniel
pulled him back down on the couch. //We're cuddling, aren't we?//
He stroked Michael's hair and felt him sigh with something that
sounded like contentment.  When Danny kissed the soft brown
hair, he could swear it smelled like apples.
Michael looked at him with such warmth and need and trust that it
felt like basking in sunlight.  Daniel didn't understand it but wanted
to accept it, grab it and never let go.  No one had ever looked at
him like that or made him feel like this before.
"Why are you here?" //That was coherent.//
But Michael seemed to understand and said, "Because I like you,"
against his neck.
"I'm so plain, so boring."
"I bet you have one hell of an interior life.  It's always the quiet
ones you have to watch."
Danny snorted.  "Not really."
"Daniel, you have about five shades of color in your hair.  Ginger,
copper, auburn, honey, and wheat.  You have the bluest eyes I've
ever been this close to, though they turn a little green when you're
looking at something you like, and that's nice too.  I wish I had
pale skin like yours.  And I love watching you blush like that."
"This whole blushing thing is why you wouldn't want to have skin
like mine."
Michael kissed his cheek.  "Your skin gets warmer when you do that."
"Michael--"
"I want you so badly, Danny."
Michael's eyes looked like dark whirlpools of need, and it felt so
good to be wanted like that.  Danny stroked a high cheekbone, and
the sound Michael made went straight to his groin.  Daniel moaned
at the feel of hot, nibbling kisses traveling down his neck.
It baffled him that this graceful, elegant, epicene creature wanted
anything to do with him.  He waited for the other man to pull back
and say that he had been joking, to say what a fool Daniel had been
for believing for a second that anyone could want him like this.  He
kept on waiting.  In the meantime, Michael's hands fluttered along
his ribcage, stroking through the cotton.
"Michael," Danny gasped.
"Anything you want, anything I can do, is yours.  I want to make
you happy."
"I am happy." //Now.//
"Then I want to make you happier."
Hands that played a keyboard and handled a spoon so deftly
proved just as adept at scorching Danny's nerves.  When they
moved over his groin he almost jumped forward.  As Michael slid
down Danny's chest, he used his hot breath to taunt the nipples
through the T-shirt.  Daniel felt his mind dissolve.
Then Michael's head snapped back and away like something out of
The Exorcist.  His whole body stiffened, and he looked up with
eyes gone black and a foreign expression on his face.  "Are you
sure you want this, boy?" he asked in a deeper voice as cold as
liquid nitrogen.
"Oh shit!" //What the hell was that?  Michael, are you okay?//
Daniel leapt back and watched Michael shake his head violently.
"Damn you!" Michael muttered to himself as he twitched.  "You
said you'd abide by the promise.  You promised, you son of a
bitch!  Down!"  Then he looked at Daniel.  "Oh shit.  You saw that.
You saw him.  Oh, God."
Daniel felt torn between the desire to hold him close and back away
as far away as possible.  Michael took advantage of his hesitation
to run for the door.  The wrong door, it turned out.  Not long after
the bathroom door closed with a slam Danny heard a series of
frightening thumps.
He raced over and ripped the door open to see Michael kneeling on
the floor, striking his head against the wall.  "Stop that now!"
Danny grabbed him by the arms and sat him down in the corner,
then crouched down next to him.  "Talk to me!" //Oh, God, he's
hyperventilating.//
"I'msorryI'msorryI'msorryI'm so sorry--"
"Michael, I won't hurt you.  What was that?"
Green eyes shimmered with tears he refused to shed.  "I might as
well.  William made sure that I wouldn't have a choice."
"William?"
"On the couch.  He's one of us.  I'm-- I'm a multiple, Danny.  I
don't live with my brothers as other people would see it.  They're
all inside our head.   I'm not even... not even the primary
personality.  The primary is taking the weekend off.  He's the one
who taught me how to shoot pool.  William, a different one,
doesn't approve of me getting together with you, so he sabotaged it."
"Why?"
"Because... because I actually care about you."
Daniel needed a moment to digest.  "So that's why you wouldn't
tell me your address."
"Yes."
"Or phone number."
"Yes."
"And that's why you're not in a band even though you're such an
incredible musician."
"Do you really think I am?"
"Yes.  Is... William coming back?"
"No, I sent him so far down he's won't be able to claw his way up
again for a while."
"Then it doesn't matter."  Danny sat down beside him and put an
arm around his shoulder.
Michael's eyes shone in an entirely different way.  "It doesn't--"
"It doesn't matter."
Michael sighed and leaned his head against Daniel's shoulder.
"That's--  Thank you, Danny.  You don't know what this means to me."
//He wasn't going to tell me...  Oh, get real, Danny.  Like you
would go around announcing it to everyone you met, especially
people you were interested in.  And watch them back away.  Poor kid.
//So this could be Mulder.  Wouldn't that be a kick...  No,
Michael's much too young.//
He could feel Michael's heart pound.  As Michael's hair brushed his
lips, Danny sternly told his groin to settle down.  It wasn't like
he'd never dealt with sexual frustration before.  Then a thought
struck him that he wished never came up.  //Oh, God, that's too awful.//
"You can stay if you want.  You don't have to do anything.  I could
just hold you if you want." //And my cock can learn a lesson in
self-control.  Not that I blame it for being upset since this is the
most action it's gotten in a year.//
Michael looked a bit confused.  "That's so good of you, Danny, but
I do like sex.  A lot."
//That would be consistent with one of the two routes my college psych
class said sexual abuse victims take.  I hope I'm wrong.//  "If we did
something right now would it be because you really wanted me or you
just wanted to get over your scare?  We can be affectionate without sex."
"Really?  I do want you, but right now--"
"Right."
"You really like me?"
"Yes.  And I have to tell you that I've never really been interested
in men before."
"Never?"
"Bisexuality was big in my crowd, but I never got past the kissing
and petting stage.  Just curiosity.  Though I think something
happened one night when I was tripping.  I can't be sure; I just
remember being the ocean and having stars falling and dancing
into me."
Michael laughed and whispered against his neck, "It's not usually
like that.  At least, not when I do it." Then he sighed.  "I'm so
tired..."
//I don't blame you.  It looks like you had to put up some fight.//
"You don't have to go home.  You can sleep in my bed.  I'll take
the couch."
"Oh, no, I couldn't do that.  Stay with me, Danny?" Michael turned
such a look of entreaty at him that Danny grinned a little, with
Michael following as he realized that he'd won.
"Okay." //Down, boy!  This isn't a promise that something's going
to happen.  Nor should it be.//
They pulled one another off the bathroom floor, and Danny led him
to the bedroom.  //He's so much taller than me, but I feel like
I'm the bigger one.//  Then Daniel turned the light on and winced.
//Oh, Danny, you really aren't ready for guests.  Yes, that's me, the
grown man with the stuffed animal on his bed.//
Michael smiled at the neatly-made bed and its shabby-looking
resident.  "Does this one have a name too?"
Mortified, hand over his eyes, Danny muttered, "Mr. Tuggles."
Michael took a flying leap and bounced to a halt on the bed before
scooping Mr. Tuggles up and resting the old stuffed dog against his
cheek.  Once Danny peeked through his fingers, he could see that
Michael looked both cute and disturbingly sexy with the once
plush animal hugged against him.
"But you swear you didn't name the cat."
"No."
"Formal family, you had.  No wonder no one at work knows your
first name." He stroked its matted skin then placed it on a nearby
table with its single eye to the wall.  "Much as I love him, I just
can't have him watching me sleep."
//No one at work knows my--  How does he know that?  Wait a
minute, he's not going to say anything sarcastic?// "Love him?"
"I'm sorry, but he's the only touch of character in this whole room.
I don't have any childhood toys I got to keep." Michael suddenly
smiled.  "He's obviously been loved."
//Maybe I should use this as a test from now on.  "Sure I want you,
but will you pass the Mr. Tuggles test?" Like I'm beating them off
with a stick.  Oh, bad choice of phrasing...//  Daniel felt the tight
knot in his chest uncoil.  "But he could hear you." //Oh, that's
smart, give a mentally disturbed kid a whole new thing to get
paranoid about.//
"He only has one ear."
"He only has one eye."
"Do you like having that button eye follow your every move?"
"But it doesn't--  You have a phobia about stuffed animals
watching you but don't mind them listening?  Oh, never mind.
Whatever makes you happy."
"Thanks." Michael grinned.  "And you do."
"Do what?"
"Make me happy."
//Oh, wow...//  "Thanks," Danny said through the lump in his throat.
He toed off his sneakers but had to stop Michael from removing his
Docs when his guest almost hit the floor headfirst in the effort.
"You're too tired.  Let me do that."  Michael raised an eyebrow but
surrendered his feet.
As Danny unwound the laces from around the top of the first boot
and started to loosen them from the eyelets, he used the repetitive
task to cool himself down a little.  He removed the boots with the
concentration and attitude he would use for a puzzle and made
himself forget the legs encased in them.  He peeled the Docs back
and gently pulled them off one at a time.
As the second one came off, Michael shrieked.  Danny asked,
worried, "What was that?"
Michael looked sheepish.  "I'm ticklish."
Danny grinned.  He shouldn't.  He really shouldn't.  //After what
he's just been through you're going to torture him?  But it would
make him laugh...//  He couldn't resist.  He commenced tickling.
"You son of a bitch!" Michael gasped, giggling.  He grabbed
Danny by the shoulder and hauled him up onto the bed, then
started to tickle back.
"Stop!"
"You started it!"
//Notes to self: [1] stop forgetting how strong he is and [2] don't
start tickling when you're ticklish because it'll give them ideas...//
They rolled on the bed until Michael shrieked.  "What?"  Danny asked.
"My keys are in my back pocket, you nut!  I'm going to have a
bruise the size of a golf ball on my ass thanks to you."  Michael
took the keyring out and put it on the night table.
"Okay, I'm stopping.  I'm a danger to myself and others."
"Thank you."
They lay back gasping, and Michael weakly shrugged his jacket off.
"You'll be okay?" Danny asked.
"Sure.  I just need a little rest.  I'm like a Weeble."
Danny got a sudden image of Michael being knocked around but
refusing to fall.  It made him feel sad and proud of Michael at the
same time.  He pulled the covers back and then up around them. "Sweet dreams, Michael." He turned out the light.
Michael burrowed into his side and fell asleep.
******************To Be Continued in********************
**********"To Have, to Own, to Hold II: Contact"************
The firelight cast intriguing shadows across Brann's face and struck glints of light in his yellow hair and off his torque as he sat across from me.  Three weeks ago I'd been in the vanguard of an army of my peers, feeling isolated and not quite at home.  Now, I wished for a return to that, knowing at last what it truly felt like to be alone among strangers.
At least we'd left the last tribe at last to strike out alone for the next one.  How much more keenly I felt my vicarious position while we were amongst his people.  Leagues away from his own tribe, Brann still garnered respect and attention no matter where he brought his warnings of the coming Romans and our... their intentions.  Dressed and accoutered as a man of his people, he of course looked far more imposing and human than he had as a naked, filthy captive.
But they treated even me, a stranger of the kind Brann had ridden to warn them of, with respect.  The children openly showed their curiosity, but the adults, generous to a fault, treated me as an honored guest.  They were kind.
We would put them to the sword when we arrived, rob them of every precious thing they possessed, and set fire to what we couldn't take.  My army.  My people.
I couldn't help thinking that if my army had deigned to keep Brann alive and bring him to Rome, he would be abused, left naked and chained, dragged through the streets for the entertainment of jeering, fruit-throwing crowds.  It galled me to see us as lacking when set against a people we considered savages at best and barely more than animals at worst.
It made me resentful to see such things, and then I felt guilty for feeling that way.  I resented so much.  Resented being effectively banished among strangers, no matter that the other option was death at the hands of my own people.  Resented Brann for being so in his element, no longer the downtrodden captive I'd rescued.  Resented him for being so proficient at Latin and getting more so every day, while I still stumbled over the trading tongue his people used.  To be kind to me, he used Latin in my presence, helping to increase his mastery, when he didn't attempt to tutor me. Resented him for having the power of life and death over me; if he tired of me, he only had to say so to any of the tribes we visited.  I wouldn't even understand his words as he gave an execution order or simply revealed me as his jailer.  Or he could try me himself, since he carried a sword while I carried none.
I knew my fears and resentments to be ridiculous. Brann had no malice in him.  A twisted sense of humor, perhaps, but I'd never seen malice.  He meant only the best for me.
I couldn't help resenting that the most.
He opened his eyes, blue like mine.  "Talk to me, Quinton Corbin?" In Latin.
"I don't know what to say."
"You could start with what's gnawing at your self so."
"I don't understand." How often I'd said those words in the past few weeks.
"You're looking like you want to do me murder." As he crossed his arms atop his knees, his sleeves pulled up to show his wrists and the red marks from the rope that we'd bound him with.  It galled him, he said, that they couldn't bear the touch of the bracelets he liked to wear.  He loved jewelry, as all his people seemed to, and wore a brooch for his hooded cape, a pin, filigreed buckles, and three necklaces along with his torque. They had a talent for metalwork and a love of intricate, interlocking designs.
I thought of such things to avoid thinking of "doing him murder." I knew I was behaving like a spoiled child, but I couldn't stop mourning for my life, now gone.  I'd thrown away that life for him, a yellow-haired savage, a stranger, who'd made me feel inferior in almost every way since.  As a further indignity, I wanted him desperately, remembered the texture of his bare, pale skin at the most inopportune times.  And he did it all so effortlessly, without meaning to.
"I have nothing to say."
"You're strung too tight, you're off-tone, and you look ready to snap."
"I'm not a musical instrument."
"I know you can talk. I saw you do it before." Brann took off his sword, stood, and walked around the campfire.  "Will you spar with me?"
"Excuse me?"
"That's the right word, isn't it? Practice fight?"
"Yes. But why?"
Brann bounced a little.  "I could do with some exercise. Spar me? Bare hands."
I thought him insane but stood anyway.  Truthfully, I could do with a spar.  We'd ridden too hard and far of late for me to become soft, but I felt my martial skills rusting from disuse.
We circled for a while, both of us with arms and hands set in our different styles, each trying to take the other's measure, Brann grinning like a madman.  Then he moved in quickly on me, but my defensive strike caught only air, while he had managed... to slap my arm? I swung again at where I thought he stood, but he moved out of the way then too.
"What are you doing?" I asked.
"Sparring." He rushed in on me again but dove under my arms and smacked my chin before darting out again.  Grinning all the while.
Sometimes he rushed or ducked in like he intended to land a blow, then didn't, just showing that he could have if he wanted to.  Sometimes he came in and slapped me.  I didn't know what kind of game he played, but it obviously had different ideas of what winning meant than mine. I couldn't predict him at all.
I landed a few glancing shots, but he remained too fast and graceful for me to tag him squarely. It was like trying to catch a fish with my bare hands. I'd been trained to fight in formation in armor, whereas his people fought naked as individuals.  He moved like a whip, sleek and arcing. He kept flicking in over and under my guards, and he wasn't even trying.
I hated him.  I wanted him.  I couldn't touch him unless he let me.  It was embarrassing, and it made me angry.
I finally hit him squarely in the jaw, hard, making his whole head rock from the force of it.  It horrified me.  "Brann, I didn't mean--"
He shook his head, then rushed in and tackled me down, hitting me with his full weight in my stomach and whipping my knees out from under me.  He pinned me to the ground and had his hands hard around my throat.  "That wasn't sporting.  Are you calmer now?"
I felt light-headed, and pain started to streak through my chest.  I croaked out a few words even I didn't understand.  He nodded and released my throat.  "I'm done. I yield," I gasped in his language.
His grin returned, and he said, in Latin, "Three weeks ago you couldn't understand a word, and now you can say useful things. That's great!"
He was pleased with my progress?
"I know that everything must look awful right now," Brann said, "but you're alive.  You're not a prisoner, you have food to eat and a fire to keep warm by, and you're not alone.  You're on an adventure."
I was hard against him, which would have embarrassed me if I hadn't felt his arousal against me. "An adventure?"
He looked rueful and shifted the part of his cape that had draped over my legs as he straddled me, covering us better.  Incidentally rocking against me as he did so. "It's what I would tell myself when my travels became... difficult.  Adventures aren't supposed to be easy, but they're noble, and you can tell yourself that you'll come back covered in glory.  So it's an adventure instead." He leaned in closer, smelling of earth, sweet grass, smoke, and wind.  "You're not alone."
I couldn't escape this feeling of inevitability, that I'd reached the destination I'd started down the road toward three weeks ago.
When my hand edged up under his tunic to stroke his skin, I felt healthy warmth instead of the fever heat he'd had the last time I'd touched him so.  "I have company?" I asked.
"Since not long after we met," he answered as he took off his cape, set it on the grass, and rolled us onto it.
I'd never stripped anyone so quickly in my life, but Brann had me naked even faster.  It was all fast, our mouths and cocks aligning and realigning, our hands entwined or wandering across the other's body.  He seemed to take a special pleasure in mapping out my flesh with his stroking fingers, taking liberties now that I'd only barely held myself back from taking with him that first day we met when I'd washed him and cleaned his wounds.  I saw for the first time since then the blue tattoos that swirled across his skin in places, giving him an extra touch of the exotic.  The firelight hid and revealed them in moving shadows.
I felt like I'd been hard and aching forever, wanting him, even if it had only been a few weeks in literal time.  But I'd seen it as weakness, further dependency on him.  Yet the way he panted my name and surged against me suggested that if I could call this dependency, he felt dependent in reciprocation.
And how could something this strong be weakness?
We thrusted against one another, our cocks sliding and rubbing, slick with sweat and excitement.  We'd waited too long and wanted too badly for there to be finesse or endurance in this.  As he stroked me and bucked against me, he murmured in his own language, and my poor knowledge of it translated his words as "Missed you; missed you...." His whole body went taut as he hit his climax.
The friction, the knowledge that I was not alone after all, the insistent sounds of pleasure he made, brought me to orgasm.  Lost, I cried out the name I'd given him before we'd formally exchanged names.  Lucian. Light.
We wallowed for a bit in companionable silence before I slid down his body to lick his stomach, enjoying our mingled flavors.  Brann writhed and made an almost pained sound.  I stopped and asked, "Too much?"
"Not too much," he answered as he stroked my hair and pushed me back down.  When I slapped his hip to chide him for that, he laughed and said, "Three weeks."
I understood.  "You could have made a move." I hadn't felt this relaxed and content in ages.
"Not with you feeling like I was your captor.  It would have felt like an im... imposition to you.  I didn't want that."
He seemed to make a habit of being right.  I would have resented him had he propositioned me earlier.
Once I had his skin in what I felt approximated the proper state of cleanliness, with Brann vocally approving my skill at that, I settled up, face to face, with him again and traced the intricate curves of the tattoo he had on his chest.  He'd called the figure a triskele and told me that it symbolized the eternal cycle of rebirth, with its three interlocking parts standing in for birth, death, and rebirth.  The skin over the tattoo felt smoother.
I smiled at his happy sigh and said, "One of the elders at the last tribe asked you if you were besotted with me."
Brann elbowed me. "You understand more of it than you let on, you sneak."
"You said no."
"I'm not 'besotted.' I'm not stupid with love for you.  He asked the wrong question."
I still stroked him. "I understand."
"I hope you do."
"Our fight earlier.  How did you learn to move like that?"
"It has to do with a tree."
"A tree?"
"Not quite.  That was wrong. A tree, but not a tree.  Fallen tree." Brann grinned.  "A log. Fallen tree.  It was a game we played.  Last one left on the log was the winner, so you had to slap and distract your opponent into losing his balance.  Or make him angry enough to knock himself off." He wiggled.  "Or stroke him into distraction." Brann's cock had begun to revive from all the stroking.
At one of the heights of my frustration, when I'd asked him why he'd brought me with him, why he treated one of his former captors so kindly, he'd said that his people believed that they were reborn again and again.  At my protests, he furthermore stated that he felt certain that he'd known me before, since people tended to congregate to one another again and again.
If I believed that, I supposed that I'd fellated him into incoherence before.  Probably many times.  Since I didn't remember it, it didn't make this time feel any less exceptional.

Much later, Brann asked sleepily, "How far do you think your Caesar will go?"
I felt smug but tired, especially considering my own recent second orgasm.  "He's hardly 'my' Caesar."
"Yes, but anyway.  Do you think he might go pillaging as far as Eire?"
"He hardly took me into his confidence, and I don't know where Eire is."
Brann wrapped the cape tighter around us, bringing us even closer together.  "I'm just trying to see how far we should travel.  Better to go farther and be safe, probably."
"Probably."
"They might overtake us eventually. They're a slow moving large group, but it could happen.  You don't have to fight them if they do." The firelight and coming dawn illuminated his face.  He looked worried.  For me.
"You will."
"I'll have to."
I knew my path now.  "So will I."


"I met youBefore the fall of RomeAnd I begged youTo let me take you homeYou were wrongI was right...."  -- "It's All Been Done" by Barenaked Ladies
The really funny thing is that part of the song's next stanza is "I knew you before the West was won." And I didn't hear "It's All Been Done" until after I posted "Bring Yourself." Thanks for the lyrics, Audra.
'Crocodile' Ellison
by Tinnean
Author's website: 
  http://www.angelfire.com/fl5/tinnssinns/
by Tinnean
All things Sentinel belong to Petfly. All things 'Crocodile' Dundee belong to Paul Hogan.
This first appeared in the MME zine, The Many Movies of the Sentinel. Thanks go to Patt for the great artwork and the opportunity to work on this, to Silk for helping me keep the guys on track, and to Gail whose comments are invaluable.
// signifies thought. ~~ signifies a dream sequence.

"Naomi, you can't send him to Peru on this story! He'll wind up getting eaten by a crocodile, or a jaguar!"
"Richard..."
"I'm telling you, he's a dilettante!''
"Who's a dilettante?" Naomi's son strolled into her office.
"Blair, sweetheart, I have a job for you." The CEO of the Cascade Post-Tribune smiled fondly at her son, and then glared at her star reporter. "Richard is just worried about his fiance."
Blair glanced at the tall man who lounged casually in the chair beside his mother's desk, and his mouth tightened. "I'm not his fiance yet, Naomi!"
"Now, dear."
Brushing the riot of curls out of his face, Blair Sandburg refused to be drawn into another of his mother's matchmaking schemes. "What's the job? And why does Richard think I'm too incompetent to do it?"
The other man sighed in exasperation. "Blair, I don't think you're incompetent! Why do you twist my words? You're just...You flitter from one job to another. You've been an anthropologist, a policeman, a teaching assistant, for chrissake! I think it's high time you settled down."
"Oh, really? Doing what? Staying home and having your babies?" Blair was really tired of everyone telling him the only thing he was suited for was looking pretty. What did he have to do to prove how capable he was? His glare shifted from his soon-to-be former lover to his mother. "And what do you think, Naomi?"
She got up and walked around her desk. "I want you to be happy, darling. That's why I'm sending you to Peru. I think you'll find this assignment extremely interesting. And you'll get to play ...I mean you'll get to use those cameras I bought you when you got your doctorate."
His scowl cleared up. "Excellent! What's cooking in South America?"
"It's a human interest story, sweetheart, and it should be right up your alley."
"In Peru?" he mused, and his face lit up. "About a sentinel, Naomi?" He began to bounce on the balls of his feet. "That's just so cool!"
The man sitting beside Blair's mother felt his cock twitch. When his young lover became enthusiastic, he was damned near irresistible. Things had become a trifle distant between them recently, but Richard Mason had no doubt he would be able to tie him down whenever he chose. He wanted Blair Sandburg, and not only because it would guarantee him a position as managing editor of Cascade's widest circulating newspaper.
"Er, no, dear. It's about an American who was attacked by a crocodile and managed to survive nine days in the jungle." She determinedly ignored his crestfallen expression. "You know there are no such things as sentinels, darling."
"No. Of course not." Blair looked as if someone had run off with his shiny new fire engine. "I'll just stop at home and throw some things in a bag. What time does my flight leave?"
"I'll drive you to your apartment, Blair, and then see you off. I don't mind dropping you at the airport. It's on my way to a story, anyway." Richard got to his feet and urged Blair toward the door, his hand on the small of the shorter man's back.
Blair stepped away from his touch and waved to his mother.
Naomi smiled, but sighed as the door hid them from sight. She regretted her son's disappointment. She had also noticed Blair's cool attitude toward his lover.
Because of an assignment that had to take priority, it had been impossible to send Richard to Peru with Blair, which would have been ideal. They obviously needed some quality time together.
She firmed her resolve to see that her baby boy was married as soon as possible. He needed to be in a stable relationship.
Blair hopped out of Richard's car and leaned down to grab his bags. "Thanks, Richard. I appreciate the lift!" He slammed the door and ran for the terminal, afraid that the older man would park in the forbidden white zone and come after him for a good-bye kiss.
Richard was becoming not only too possessive, but too complacent as well, and Blair was extremely dissatisfied with the way their relationship was going. He had found more and more excuses not to have the older man in his bed. They had been getting more and more flimsy, but Richard just wasn't getting the message.
Maybe this separation would do the trick. Blair was not a fool: he knew that Richard cruised the bars whenever they were parted, and he was tired of it. He wanted fidelity from his lover.
Blair hated confrontations, but if the other man hadn't found someone else to share the dubious pleasures of his bed, then Blair would break it off between them once and for all.
The young anthropologist cum photographer walked into the bar in Machu Picchu, squinting as his eyes adjusted to the dimness within. The heavy odor of stale beer permeated the place. Silence descended like an uneasy blanket.
"Que, muchacho?" The bartender was a greasy-looking individual who spat casually in the glass he was holding before drying it with a dirty rag.
Sandburg swallowed hard. "Uh, I'm looking for a man, un hombre? Um, Jim Ellison?"
The sound of a chair being scraped back against the hard wood floor was like fingernails over a blackboard. A tall, muscular man got to his feet and approached him.  "I'm Ellison."
"Blair Sandburg." Blair began to tingle with sexual heat, and sternly reminded himself this was business. "I'm here to do an article on your adventure, and get some pictures."
The big man grinned, his pale blue eyes drawing Blair to him as if he were a fish on a line, and Blair went, a willing sacrifice to the frying pan.
The warmth of Ellison's hand enfolding his made Sandburg blink. He returned to reality, surprised to find he was standing a few feet from the American, and not flush against him, rubbing his erection against the other man's muscled thigh.
Silently he blessed the fact that even in the tropic heat of this portion of Peru he was dressed in his usual layers. "Let me buy you a beer and you can tell me your story."
"Sure." Rapid words in a language that was not Spanish fired between Ellison and the bartender.
"Um, make sure it's bottled?" Blair whispered, and obligingly, Jim added the caveat.
The bartender grinned around the toothpick between his teeth and handed Ellison two bottles of beer. He offered a glass as well, but Blair smiled weakly and refused it. He passed over a handful of pesos and noted the surprised look on the American's face.
"I learned Quechua when I was working on my dissertation." He followed Jim to his table and observed that his companion sat with his back to the wall, his eyes never leaving the inhabitants of the bar.
"Not your regular course of study."
Sandburg shrugged. "I found it interesting." He watched as Ellison hit the bottle cap against the edge of the table, knocking it off, then followed suit, pleased that once again he had surprised the big man. "So, tell me what happened, big guy."
Ellison watched in fascination. The young man who sat at his table listened with parted lips as he unfolded the tale of what he considered sheer stupidity on his part. He had been careless, trailing his catch over the side of his canoe instead of placing the fish in a basket inside it.
An unusually large croc had been desperate for food, and decided it wanted an easy meal. Jim had strong objections, and fought it for the string of fish. The canoe had tipped. He'd been dragged under the water, and the reptile had gone into a death roll. Then it had stuffed him unceremoniously into its storage shelf, the crocodile needing to wait for his flesh to become tender enough to be shredded.
Jim had other ideas. He'd gone up to the surface for a quick lungful of air, and then submerged to find and do battle with the creature.
He'd returned to civilization with a prime hide and enough meat to keep an entire village of Chopecs supplied with croc nuggets for the rainy season.
Blair's blue eyes gleamed with admiration. "And you'll take me to the spot where this happened?"
"I don't know, Chief. This is tough country."
"Please." The younger man reached across the table and touched his hand.
Ellison had been having problems with his senses, which was why he'd returned to the land where he had first discovered them. He thought they were back under control, but found he was wrong when he felt the caress of Sandburg's fingers. Heat zinged straight to his cock, and he was swamped with the need to take Blair to bed and bury himself in that compact body.
He moistened lips that had gone desert dry, and his eyes widened as he realized that the other man was staring at his movements avidly.
The former Ranger swallowed. "All right, Chief. We leave at first light."
"Cool! I'll be ready!"
Of course, Jim didn't believe the city boy would be ready to leave that early in the morning, and he was pleasantly surprised to find Blair fussing with the numerous pockets on his khaki cargo pants. A backpack was waiting at his feet in the hotel lobby, a sleeping bag fastened across the top of its frame.
The younger man grinned at him and swung the pack up easily, sliding his arms through the shoulder straps. Ellison noticed that it was a brand that had gotten an excellent write up in Consumer Reports, and while the material was faded and worn in spots, it was in good repair.
Blair looked up to see what was causing the delay, and found Jim's cool blue eyes examining him with hot intent. He was suddenly so aroused he wasn't sure he'd be able to walk upright.
Ellison's nostrils flared, and Blair was relieved he had awakened early enough to shower. He would have sworn the big man was scenting him!
Jim nodded to his jeep, and Blair walked toward it, unaware that his companion's gaze was riveted to the bunch and release of the muscles of his thighs and butt. The big man discreetly adjusted his trousers and followed him.
Blair glanced curiously at the mestizo who sat in the back seat.
"Raphael will drive the jeep back, and return for us at the end of the week."
Sandburg had his camera out and was busy snapping pictures, murmuring over the beauty of the scenery that they passed. From time to time he'd ask Jim a question, and it wasn't until later that Ellison realized how much personal information the younger man had gotten from him.
"Uh, Chief, that's strictly off the record."
"No problem, man. That was just me wanting to know about you." Blair's lush lips parted in a smile that made Ellison want to throw him to the ground and have his way with him. Jim sighed and went back to watching the road, what little there was of it. "How much further do we need to go?"
"We're almost to the spot where we leave the jeep. We hoof if from there."
"Good thing I brought my hiking boots, then."
"Do you do much camping, Chief?"
"Not recently, but when I was working on my diss I did. My dissertation," he explained. "I had found an old treatise by Sir Richard Burton. The explorer, not the actor." Blair grinned, letting his companion know he had answered this question many times. "He suggested that in pre-civilization there were sentinels, individuals with enhanced senses. Their job was to guard and protect the tribe." He turned away, but not before Jim saw the expression of regret on the young man's face.
"What happened, Chief?"
"I never found him, my sentinel." He shook himself out of his gloom. "Anyway, I've camped all over the world. I won't hold you back!"
Jim grinned and murmured, "Umhmm," and began to whistle between his teeth.
"Santana? Cool, man!"
Before much longer they had gone as far as they could go in civilized transportation. Until they reached the spot where Jim had had his run-in with the crocodile, they would be walking.
"Be careful with the jeep, Raphael!" Jim warned as he settled his pack comfortably on his back.
"Sure thing, boss. In a while, Crocodile!"
Blair's eyes were slitted with humor, and Jim grunted. "Rafe has a penchant for 50's music. Since they started calling me 'Crocodile' Ellison, he's been tossing that at me whenever he can!" He reached for his shotgun and saw Blair's questioning gaze. "The jungle is a dangerous place. This is just in case!"
He waved the mestizo on his way and watched as he drove out of sight. Then he turned and pulled a machete from his belt. As he strode through the undergrowth he swung it with a steady rhythm that Blair admired from his position bringing up the rear.
Jim was uncertain how much stamina the handsome young man had, so he decided not to push it that day. After some hours of trudging through the jungle, he found a small clearing and called a halt.
The beautiful curls were plastered to Blair's skull, and sweat dripped along the curve of his cheekbones, but not once had he complained. In fact, he had been enthralled by the view, and had snapped away like mad with his camera.
"Why are we stopping, big guy?" The closeness of the humid air had him slightly out of breath.
"We'll camp here for the night. I'll set up the tent and then start supper."
"Let me do the cooking."
"That isn't necessary, Chief."
"Please, Jim. Let me help!"
Jim wasn't happy about letting the other man near his supplies, but he couldn't see a gracious way out of refusing his help. He nodded grudgingly and set to work putting the compact tent together. Meanwhile, he kept an eye on Sandburg.
To his surprise, Blair seemed to know his way around a cook fire, and prepared a tasty meal from the staples Jim had brought along.
They ate in companionable silence. Once the aluminum utensils were cleaned and put away, Jim gave in to his desire to touch the young man's shoulder, although he really didn't need to.
"I have to... um... scout the terrain, Chief. Stay put, okay? I don't want to go searching for you in the dark."
"All right. I'm kind of tired anyway." Jim didn't know Blair, or else he would have questioned his ready acquiescence to his plan. Not for one minute did Blair believe the excuse the Ranger had given him. Well, not one hundred percent, at any rate.
He had every intention of following this intriguing man.
The scene Blair captured through the telephoto infrared night lens of his camera had never been seen by civilized man. The Chopecs Jim met with greeted him as an old friend. He stripped off his clothes, and was soon as naked as they. Blair's soft gasp was swallowed by the night, but Jim's head shot up as if he heard him.
The Chopec beside the big man said something, and Jim turned to acknowledge it. Blair released the breath he hadn't realized he was holding. He adjusted the lens for a more focused view.
They passed around a pipe that soon had the air above their heads foggy with smoke. A cup went from man to man, to be refilled again and again as they all took deep gulps. Around the circle, sticks began to rhythmically strike hollow logs. Thin reeds that had been fashioned into flutes sounded in counterpoint. One by one the men rose, and began to shuffle and stamp their feet, leaping and crouching, re-enacting in dance a tale of some memorable hunt.
Blair parted the brush that was interfering with his vision of the event. His camera clicked and whirred as he shot frame after frame of the fascinating sight. Suddenly, his view was blocked, and he growled in irritation, to hear a growl in response. His eyes widened as Jim's head turned in his direction, and blue eyes seemed to bore into blue eyes. He toppled backwards onto his ass, then scrambled to his feet and, keeping low, raced back to the camp.
It had to be his imagination. There was no way Jim could have known he was watching. Not unless he had Sentinel senses, which was impossible!
Blair crawled into the tent he would share with Jim, tucked his camera into its bag and undressed quickly. He was in his sleeping bag, giving a good imitation of being in the arms of Morpheus, when Jim returned to camp.
He was dressed, as Blair could see through his lashes, and the memory of him naked had the younger man's heart rate speeding up.
A very satisfied smile curled Jim's lips. He removed his clothing, tempted to strip to his skin. His cock was hard, but he decided this was not the night to pounce on the man he was certain destiny had selected for him alone.
Since Jim's senses had come online, he had often resented them. This night, however, he wished they were even more enhanced. He could just make out the bulge that tented Blair's sleeping bag.
He closed his eyes and drew in a deep breath. The air in the enclosed space was redolent with the pheromones his tent mate was shedding.
Wasn't the big guy ever going to go to sleep, Blair wondered a little frantically? Finally the steady rhythm of Jim's breathing convinced him that he dozed.
His cock was throbbing, and he needed to come in the worst way. Perhaps if he moved casually, as if turning over in his sleep... Blair rolled onto his belly, his shaft trapped between his groin and the soft material of his shorts.
Heat zapped through him, and he moaned soundlessly, his hips rocking forward in short jerks, trying to achieve an unobtrusive climax. His hands fisted the pillow and he bit it to stifle his groans. Blair enjoyed sex, and he wasn't in the habit of coming quietly, but this time he forced himself to swallow his cry as his orgasm ripped through him.
With a silent sigh, his sated body relaxed.
In the other sleeping bag, Jim Ellison had timed his own climax to take him at the exact same moment as the younger man's. His senses nearly overwhelmed him, and he shivered as he came down from that ecstatic high. //Next time, Chief, I'll be the one to make you come!//
The following morning they made a quick breakfast and broke camp. "There's a tributary about halfway between here and where we need to go. The rainbow bass that swim there are as long as your arm!"
"Cool! I learned a neat way to cook them over a campfire!"
"Then let's get a move on, my little guppy!" Jim smiled at him and Blair wished he had the nerve to kiss that smile.
It was a hot and sweaty trek. Piece by piece, Blair shed the layers of clothes he wore until he was down to a tee shirt that was molded to his torso by sweat.
The scent was rousing Jim to the point that a couple of times he actually zoned on it, returning to reality only when Blair's voice called him back.
"Focus on my voice, man!" Gradually Ellison got control of himself, and Blair breathed a sigh of relief. "Are you all right, Jim? Where'd you go?"
"Sorry, Chief. I'm fine. This hardly ever happens here in Peru. That's one of the reasons I live here and not in the States. I go into these...zone-outs, I guess you'd call them. It was worse there, it was happening all the time." He realized that Blair's arms were around him, grounding him. For the first time Jim was able to talk about his senses with someone he felt might understand. "Anything could trigger them off. Sounds that were too loud, sights that were too intense, touch, taste, odor, any of those could cause problems!" He grew embarrassed by his confession.
Sandburg's eyes were huge. "Do you realize what you are, Jim? You're what Burton talked about! You're a living, breathing Sentinel!"
Jim scoffed at that, but as they resumed their trek he pondered the young man's words. If they were true, it explained  quite a bit. But it also left him at a loss. How could he possibly handle those senses when they went raging out of control? He glanced sideways at the young man who strode along beside him. Blair knew so much about sentinels.
Maybe he'd have a clue to that as well?
There were still a couple of hours until sunset when they reached the spot that Jim spoke of with such enthusiasm. He shed his pack, pulled out the case that held his rod and put it together. Peeling back a mass of rotted bark, he found plump larvae and slid the hook through one. Blair watched in admiration as Jim cast it into the middle of the slow moving water.
"I'm going to set up camp, okay?"
"Sure thing, Chief," Jim answered absently, lost in the concentration that outwitting a fish required.
Blair backtracked to a clearing that wasn't too distant, and prepared it for their overnight stay. He laid out kindling for the fire, put together the tent, and laid out the sleeping bags. There wasn't enough water left in their canteens to start a pot of coffee, so he decided to go down to the river and fill them.
Blair crouched down at the water's edge, one canteen still dangling from its webbed strap around his neck while he filled the other one. He was so wrapped in examining the ramifications of finally finding the real thing, of finally finding a Sentinel, that he didn't pay as much attention to his surroundings as he should have.
Water exploded around him as the crocodile lunged forward to seize him, just missing the young man who jerked away, and tangling his rows of deadly teeth in the canteen's strap. Blair gave one cry of dismay, and then saved his breath for the life or death struggle. The croc was winning, succeeding in pulling him deeper and deeper into the river.
A roar of rage shattered the stillness of the jungle, and then Jim was there, leaping between the young man and the huge reptile. The machete glinted in the late afternoon sun, severing the webbing and setting Blair free, before descending into the wedge-shaped head. With a vicious twist, Jim drove the blade deep into the brain. The creature's tail flailed reflexively for long moments, and then sagged as all life left it.
Blair was shivering, struggling to regain his breath, to bring his fear under control. Jim turned and grabbed him up in an embrace that threatened to crack the younger man's ribs. Blair didn't care; he burrowed deeper into Jim's arms, trying to bury himself in the safety they promised. "Oh, God, Jim! Oh, God!" Terror clogged his voice.
"Shhh. Shhh. It's all right, Chief, I've got you. I won't let you go!" Jim continued to murmur soothing phrases into Blair's ear, the soft curls caressing his lips. He was starting to grow hard, from a combination of the adrenaline rush of the danger that was just past and the luscious body in his arms. Gently he eased his lower body away from Blair's.
Blair knew he should tell Jim he was okay, that he had just been frightened, but he loved being held by the other man. Never had he felt this way before, so connected to another human being. And he knew it was highly unlikely he'd ever feel this way again.
When he realized that Jim was trying to move away from him, he thought his heart would break. But he allowed the distance and brushed the moisture the croc's violent movements had splashed on him from his face. "I'm sorry, Jim! I'm better now." A massive shudder tore through his body as reality continued to settle in. "That croc was going to eat me alive!"
Jim exhaled in relief and the soft puff of air teased Blair's ear. "I wouldn't hold that against him." The Sentinel released him, and Blair turned to make his way back to the camp. "I had that thought myself once or twice!"
The last words were spoken so softly that Blair almost didn't hear them. But he did, and he hugged them to himself.
Jim gathered up the canteen that the croc had latched onto and gripped it until his knuckles turned white. Deep punctures had gouged its sides, demonstrating the power of those huge jaws. He thought of what those teeth could have done if they had reached the younger man instead, and he felt sick.
Blair was positive he would be unable to sleep that night, but the knowledge that there was a Sentinel in the tent with him soothed him to such a degree that he fell quickly asleep. And when he dreamed, it was not of crocodiles.
A dark, feline shadow circled the tent he was in, but Blair felt no fear. It was as if the animal, so much larger than the average panther, was his own personal bodyguard. Its angular head peeked through the tent flap, then pushed it aside and entered, and still Blair was unafraid.
It had been so hot and humid that night that he crawled into his sleeping bag clothed only in his boxers. Now the large cat hooked the waistband with a wickedly curved claw and stripped it down, leaving Blair exposed. The warm nose nudged his buttocks, urging him up on his knees, and the dreamer languidly complied, resting his head on his folded arms. A broad, moist tongue rasped over him, over the skin behind his balls, over the crack of his ass.
Blair gave a hum of pleasure and spread his legs wider to give the animal better access to his ass. The sandpapery tongue probed the young man's anus, and before Blair realized what was happening, it slid into him, preparing him to be mounted. He knew that if the panther mated with him, the spines that covered its cock would make their coupling too painful for him to enjoy, but for some reason that didn't matter.
He wanted the beast to possess him.
However, when the cock did breach his hole, it was a human penis that fucked him, and human hands that stroked his own dick until he came with a throat-rending cry.
Blair sank down onto the material of his sleeping bag, tilting his head so the side of his neck could be laved by the tongue that was licking its way across his shoulder as his lover thoroughly plundered his back passage. And then sharp teeth sank into him, marking him, as hot semen flooded his bowels.
He smiled in his sleep as the heavy body relaxed on his, and the roar of a satisfied jungle cat that had claimed its mate split the night.
Blair roused slowly, recalling the events of the previous night's dream. He marveled at how real it had seemed. With tentative movements he stretched, disappointed that his body didn't evidence the tangible aches of a body well-loved.
The side of his neck was sore, and he reached for his shaving mirror. It was the burn left by the canteen's strap when the croc had tried to make a dinner of him. Although if he squinted his eyes and turned the mirror just so, it could almost look like a bite mark!
"Hey, Chief! Breakfast is ready. Come and get it!" Ellison called. "I let you sleep in, but we have to get a move on!"
"Be right there, big guy." Blair unzipped his sleeping bag, surprised to find his boxers had somehow wound up around his knees. He dressed quickly and was surprised at his appetite. He polished off the eggs and bacon that Jim had prepared for him, mopping up the remains with some sourdough bread.
They dismantled the camp and were on their way by mid morning. Jim assured the younger man that they would reach their destination that day. Blair fell into step behind him and they started the final leg of their journey.
"Say Jim, will there be anyplace where I can get a bath? I feel really grungy after yesterday!"
"And I'm sure you won't want to take a dip in the Amazon!" Jim remarked drolly.
"Damned straight!"
Jim chucked. "I know a perfect spot. A little pool that's fed by a mini waterfall. It makes the perfect shower!"
Blair sighed. "How long until we get to this Eden?"
"It's where we'll camp tonight!"
The day was passed in conversation, and they learned a good deal about each other. Jim touched on the fact that he had been married once, but his wife hadn't been able to tolerate his job as a detective or his growing need to find a place that didn't play havoc with his senses. The marriage had lasted about eighteen months, although for a good portion of that time Jim hadn't even been there.
Blair revealed that his mother had never married his father. He didn't even know who his father was, although he had strong suspicions. "Did you ever read All the President's Men, Jim?"
Jim looked awed. "You mean...?"
The younger man nodded solemnly. "That's right! Deep Throat!"
Jim laughed, and Blair was so proud of himself for bringing that laughter to the man he was becoming more and more drawn to.
"So. Were you ever married, Chief?" The thought that his companion might have shared his life with someone disturbed Ellison.
"No, none of my relationships ever got that far. I could never trust if they loved Blair Sandburg, the ...the dilettante," there was a trace of bitterness in his tones, "or Blair Sandburg, Naomi Sandburg's son. And to top it off, Naomi is really getting on my ass about settling down."
"She's impatient that you didn't marry any of your... girlfriends?"
"*Boy*friends," Blair corrected in a preoccupied manner. Jim was somewhat surprised by the younger man's casual acceptance of his sexuality. It had taken the former Ranger a long time to come to grips with his sexual orientation. He was roused from his musing by Blair continuing, "She wants me to be happy."
"That's what all parents want for their children, isn't it?"
Blair shrugged. "I guess. Only her notion of happiness is me married to Richard Mason."  He missed Jim's quick frown of displeasure. "Unfortunately, neither one of them is willing to accept the fact that Richard isn't what I want!"
Jim released the breath he was unaware he was holding. "So you broke up with him?"
"Um, not yet. Not exactly. It's not easy! He doesn't hear what I say!"
"Maybe I ought to go back to the States with you and make sure he gets the message!"
"Don't kid about something like that, man!" This time he saw the look Jim sent him. "You mean it, Jim? You'd come home with me?"
"Yes." Ellison turned and continued the journey, not waiting to see if Blair followed him, certain he would.
Blair sighed with relief that the end of this assignment didn't mean the end of his association with his Sentinel. He hurried to catch up.
"The spot where I was attacked is about a hundred yards through those bushes, but I don't think the light is good enough for any photos. Why don't you get cleaned up while I set up camp, and I'll join you in a bit?"
Blair rummaged through his backpack for a towel and clean clothes, and followed Jim's directions to the waterfall.
It wasn't hard to find. The splashing sound of the water hitting the pond below was like music, and seemed to refresh him even before he stripped off his sticky shirt and dirt-stained pants. Surrounded by the colorful tropical flowers that abounded in this portion of the Amazon, the pool was a small, green oasis.
He couldn't see the bottom and wasn't sure if it was deep enough for him to dive in, so Blair entered it cautiously. A noise behind him had him spinning to find Jim watching him, his blue eyes hot. The sight caused his cock to swell, and he took a step back, uncertain how much such a reaction would be welcomed by the other man.
The movement cost Blair his equilibrium, and he tumbled backwards into the water.
Jim was beside him before he had a chance to panic, pulling him to the surface. Blair sputtered and shook his head, the long strands of his hair whipping around to strike Jim's naked chest and tangle on his nipples.
He wound his fingers in the long, brown curls and pulled Blair's head back, only to find his eyes captured by Blair's serious blue gaze. Jim's eyes dropped down to settle on lush lips that were parted in helpless desire. He almost zoned on the sight, but managed to break the trance. "Do you know how long I've been waiting to do this?" he breathed as he settled his lips on the younger man's.
Blair expected his mouth to be assaulted. It was what he had come to expect with Richard. But Jim's kiss was soft and teasing. His tongue licked gently at the seam of Blair's mouth, asking to be invited in. With a muffled groan, Blair parted his lips and waited.
Still Jim did nothing but trace the line of his companion's mouth. He tested the edges of Blair's teeth and touched the tip of his tongue to Blair's.
Tantalized beyond bearing, he wound his arms around Jim's neck and rubbed his aching erection against the other man's hip. Jim's aroused cock was jutting upward imperiously from its nest of light brown curls, and Blair shaped it tentatively.
"Yes!" Jim hissed as he backed Blair under the waterfall and braced his back against the moss-covered wall. He parted Blair's legs and fitted himself in the notch between his thighs. "Squeeze me, baby!"
Blair's cock was trapped between their bodies. Jim wrapped his fingers around it and pulled strongly while his hips thrust forward, sliding his dick against his lover's crack, rubbing over the puckered opening.
Ellison let Blair draw his tongue into his mouth and suck on it voraciously. Sooner than either of them would have liked, they both began to come, Blair's semen smeared over Jim's chest; Jim's hot essence spilling into the pool.
Their legs were too unsteady to support them after that satisfying climax. They floated on the still surface until their breathing returned to normal.
They sat across the flickering fire, their slow consumption of the evening meal almost an act of seduction in itself. Once they were finished, they made a rapid job of tidying the camp and retreated to their tent.
Jim connected their sleeping bags and sat back on his heels to watch his lover strip out of his clothes. As Blair pulled off his tee shirt, Jim leaned forward to touch the mark on his neck.
"This looks like something bit you, Chief!"
"Oh, no, that's just the welt from the canteen's strap."
"Could have fooled me. It looks like a bite mark!"
Blair's eyes were wide, and Jim wanted to lose himself in the dark blue depths. "Hurry and get naked," he growled, pleased to see the effect of his words on his lover's body. Blair's nipples peeked through the swirls of hair on his chest, tight pebbles of flesh. He pushed the soft sweats he had changed into down around his thighs, and his cock sprang free, rising from the curls that covered his groin.
Jim couldn't wait any longer: he pounced, his voracious mouth swallowing the younger man's shaft. Blair fell back on the sleeping bag and moaned as Jim's tongue probed the slit at the tip of his cock, causing it to weep salty tears.
Blair quivered, vibrating like an expertly played instrument, as his lover sucked his dick. Before he could come, Jim released him and brought him to climax with his hands. "Roll over!" Jim ordered hoarsely, and Blair complied with a graceful movement.
For long seconds there Jim just crouched there, observing the firm curves of his lover's buttocks, and Blair wondered if he had zoned on the sight. But then Jim began to stroke Blair's semen over his hole, pressing his index finger past the tight muscle, preparing the younger man for his assault.
Blair was on his hands and knees, his hips rocking back to take more of that finger into him. Jim coated himself with the remainder of the thick fluid and fitted the broad head of his cock to Blair's anus. "Breathe, Chief! Breathe!" he urged as he rubbed the younger man's back.
With a groan, Blair accepted the entire length of his lover's cock, the wiry hair of Jim's groin tickling his ass.
Jim scattered kisses over Blair's back, trying to distract him from the burn deep in his body, keeping his thrusts shallow and gentle.
"Ride me, Jim. Please!" Blair begged as he bucked back onto his Sentinel, needing to be taken ruthlessly. "Oh, my God! You're making me hard again!"
Those words were all the big man needed to release the tight control he had held over his motions and started the rhythm that would drive them both toward fulfillment.
"Jerk yourself off for me, baby!" he whispered hoarsely, and Blair whimpered and obeyed his order.
Ellison slammed relentlessly into his lover, nudging his prostate, and Blair came with a wild cry. His inner muscles clenched tightly around the cock in his ass and Jim started to come, filling Blair with his heat.
The two men collapsed onto the sleeping bag, Blair sprawled wantonly beneath his larger lover.
Jim found the bruised spot on Blair's neck and licked it, then bit down.
"You're mine, Chief!"
"Always!"
"Jesus! Oh, sweet Jesus!"
Blair Sandburg's voice was tight with horror. Jim Ellison gazed in surprise as the younger man turned sheet white.
"Chief, what's wrong?"
Sandburg's eyes were enormous, the pupils so enlarged that all that could be seen of their glorious color was a slim blue ring. His mouth opened and closed, but he could get nothing out. He just continued to stare in disbelieving shock at the remains of Jim's boat.
The canoe was partially submerged, its bow buried deep in the bank of the tributary. A huge chunk had been torn out of the side, leaving jagged wooden splinters that stabbed at every angle, like the razor-sharp teeth that had caused them, threatening the unwary. Deep gouges scored the stern, and punctures were scattered randomly over what could be seen.
Ellison hadn't paid much attention to the condition of his canoe at the time. He had been determined to exact a little payback from the creature that had stolen his catch. And then he needed to recover from the injuries he had sustained before making the long trek back to civilization, such as it was in that corner of Peru.
But it was extremely obvious to him that Blair was not taking his little pas de deux with the croc lightly. Sandburg whirled and threw himself into Jim's arms, holding him tightly, shivers vibrating through him.
The Sentinel ran his hand gently over the shorter man's curls while he held him close to his body. "It's all right, Chief. It was no big deal!"
Blair looked at him with agony in his eyes. "You could have been killed!"
Jim brushed his lips over his lover's lush mouth. "I survived, Blair."
Blair shook his head. "You don't understand! You could have died, and I never would have known..."
"That there really was a sentinel?" Jim's mouth turned down in disappointment, and he would have released his companion, but Blair refused to let him go.
"Not what I mean, Ellison! Don't put words in my mouth!"
"So what were you trying to say?"
"Jesus, Jim. You can be such a dick! I ... I care about you! Do you think I let everyone I photograph fuck me?"
"Well... well, no, of course not! I just... You care about me, huh?" For some reason that didn't make Jim feel better. What had he expected, a declaration of undying love?
Blair cuffed his shoulder lightly and stepped away from him, dismayed that the idea of losing Jim before he had found him had almost led him to a premature declaration. He knew Jim liked him. He knew Jim liked fucking him. But how would the Sentinel feel when Blair finally confessed his deep feelings for the man?
"Let me finish getting these shots while the light is still good. Then if that's all there is to see here, I'd like to return to Machu Picchu."
Jim nodded and stood close by, his shotgun at the ready. So far they hadn't had any encounters with predators on the land, but he was taking no chances.
The journey back from the Amazon was a journey of revelations.
Blair taught Jim that if he considered his senses on a dial, he could turn them down and gain better control of them.
Jim learned that the sound of his lover's heartbeat had the power to keep him grounded.
Neither man was in a hurry. Each night, in each other's arms, they didn't have sex, they made love.
But neither of them realized it.
Although Jim had volunteered to return to the States with him, Blair was uncertain if the Sentinel would remain with him. From what he had told him, Jim had had a very difficult time of it when his senses came online. He had to leave a job he loved working in Major Crimes in the Cascade PD, and he had no fond memories of that period.
Blair had to decide if he was willing to give up everything, possessions, friends, Naomi, and come to live with his love in the rainforests of the Amazon.
If he could get Jim to admit he loved him.
Although Blair had seemed to jump at the idea of Jim accompanying him back to the States, Jim wondered if it was because he was reluctant to confront the man he left behind, who seemed to be using Blair as a stepping stone in his career. From what he had told him, Blair had never allowed himself to believe he had been loved for himself alone.
Jim had to decide if he was willing to give up the peace and solitude and beauty of the rainforest.
If he could only get Blair to admit he loved him.
"Richard. How kind of you to finally show up." Naomi Sandburg studied the man who stood before her with cool eyes.
The reporter was suddenly struck by their similarity to her son's. Blair had often regarded him with just such an expression. "I'm sorry, Naomi. Was it important?" Never offer an excuse, he had learned early in his career. It made people think you'd done something that needed to be excused.
"'Was it important?' I rather imagined that you would have thought so, Richard. Blair's flight should be landing within the hour. Why aren't you at the airport waiting to pick him up?"
Richard Mason felt a sinking in the pit of his stomach. Blair was already returning? Damn! Richard had fully intended to meet the younger man, but he hadn't expected Blair to return to Cascade for at least another couple of weeks.
Now, he thought sourly, he'd have to hurry if he was to get to the airport in time. And there was no way he'd be able to bring Blair back to his apartment, not for a couple of days, at least. That's how long it would take to erase all traces of the luscious rent boy he'd had staying at his place. Not to mention all the toys he had purchased to use on the boy.
He brushed his hand over his hair and pasted a smile on his face, hoping his face revealed nothing of his thoughts. It would never do for Naomi to discover his secret life. "I just needed to tie up a few loose ends on that story I've been working on," he assured his boss. "I would have been on my way there if you hadn't sent for me!"
Naomi's eyes didn't warm, and Richard wondered if it was possible for the old bat to know about his extracurricular activities. He smiled sickly, gave a brief nod and hurried out of her office.
Richard arrived at the terminal just as the jet was rolling up to the gate. He waited sullenly. If Blair had only arrived when he was supposed to, Richard would have brought him to his apartment as planned and fucked his brains out, thereby reinforcing Richard's possession of the younger man. Maybe he would have even tried some of those toys on him!
In the wave of humanity that poured from the passageway, it was easy to spot the russet-streaked curls that tumbled about Blair Sandburg's face. His head was turned as he spoke to a tall man who was at his side.
The man had only average looks: dark brown hair cropped short, and a widow's peak. That looks like the start of male pattern baldness, Richard sneered to himself. He imagined that Blair had taken pity on the older man, something Blair had often done. It was an action that irritated Richard no end. Blair had no qualms about striking up a conversation at anytime, with anyone, and often with people whom Richard deemed quite unsuitable.
Once he got Blair to commit to him, he would put an end to that annoying habit.
Richard wiped his face clear of all irritation. "Blair! Here I am!" He strode over to his lover. "I'm so happy to see you again, cupcake!" and he leaned forward to kiss him. Blair turned his head, and the kiss landed on his cheek. Richard frowned.
"Richard, this is James Ellison, the man I went to Peru to find." Blair seemed a little tense as he made the introductions. "Jim, this is Richard Mason."
"Oh, you're the crocodile hunter." Richard's tone was patronizing.
"This is the boyfriend?" the average-looking man asked, and he smiled at Blair.
Richard sucked in his breath sharply. That smile transformed the tall man into someone dangerously attractive. And a serious threat, if the way Blair was gazing back at him was anything to go by.
Well, Richard Mason was nobody's fool. He'd get rid of this backwoods hick, and lay claim to his lover once and for all.
As soon as the Sentinel had realized what a poor flier Blair Sandburg was, he had gone into Protector mode and done everything he could to distract his lover. He had massaged the tense muscles of his shoulders and the base of his skull, and his companion had practically purred his appreciation, nearly driving the other man toward a precipitate climax.
Just when it seemed that he might convince Blair to remain with him, this had to happen!
Ellison had seen the tall, dark haired man who was waiting impatiently across the concourse, trying to get Blair's attention, and a sinking sensation took up housekeeping in his gut. He noticed the immediate change in Blair, who had spotted the attractive man at the same time. The younger man had gone from effervescent to vexed in the blink of an eye.
Blair introduced the man at his side to his former lover and Jim's nostrils flared briefly. There was another man's scent on his skin and clothes, mingling with this man's, hot and sexual. Jim's blue eyes seemed to go flat, and his mouth tightened.
They shook hands, and it became an obvious power play. But Richard didn't have years of surviving in the jungles of Peru to fall back on, and he surrendered first, signaling his defeat with a grunt of pain.
Jim's grin was feral in satisfaction. He hurried to wipe the expression from his face before Blair could see it.
Richard surreptitiously tried to rub feeling back into his fingers and glared at the former Ranger. "The car is this way, cupcake."
"Richard, please! I've told you I hate that nickname!"
The reporter ignored him. "We can drop off Jungle Jim and I'll take you out to dinner. Then we can go back to your place then to celebrate your return!"
"Richard, don't be a dick. I can't leave Jim alone on his first night in Cascade."
Jim held his tongue, hoping Blair would be as unhappy with the idea of his Sentinel on the loose in the city as Jim was with the idea of Blair taking that smooth operator he had once had a relationship with home with him.
"Richard, don't be a dick. I can't leave Jim alone on his first night in Cascade. No. Jim's coming to dinner with us, and then he's going to stay at my place!" For someone who didn't deal well with confrontations, Blair was surprising everyone.
Jim let out the breath he hadn't realized he was holding.
"Blair!" Richard was not happy about this turn of events.
Blair ignored him and went to baggage claim.
Dinner was not a happy affair. Richard had insisted on going to Chez Henri, Cascade's only French restaurant and then tried to embarrass at the Sentinel by offering to allow him to order. Since the menu was in French, Richard was certain Ellison would make a fool of himself.
"That's okay, I'll do it!" Blair interjected hastily.
"Nah, Chief, I'll give it a shot!" Ellison, regarding Blair's former lover as if he were a particularly annoying bug, had picked up the menu and scanned it briefly. "Hmmm." He looked across at another table and his eyes lit up. "I don't know what that woman is having, but it looks really good!"
He pointed, the gesture knocking over Richard's water glass and spilling it into his lap.
"Shit!" Richard jerked to his feet, his chair rocking behind him. "You asshole! You did that on purpose, Ellison!" He stormed off to the men's room, hoping the attendant would be able to assist him, muttering under his breath and drawing the attention of other diners.
"I'll go help him, this was my fault after all!" Jim hurried after the man who thought he still had a claim to Blair. He'd be straightened out on that matter quite soon.
The only occupants of the men's room when he got there were Richard Mason and a tired-looking old man who had no choice but to listen to the reporter pour out his vitriol.
"Amigo." Jim gestured toward the door, and the old man took one look at his face and gratefully hurried out.
"Hey!"
"Richard, you're going to go home now."
"Oh, yeah? Why? What would I do at home?"
"I don't really care. Fuck yourself! Or fuck the piece of tail you've got there."
Richard eyes became panicky. "I don't know what you're talking about!"
"No? Next time you stick your dick in someone before you go to the airport to pick up the person you're supposed to be in love with, I suggest you take a shower and change your clothes! I can smell sex all over you!"
Richard's mouth resembled a hooked fish.
Jim curled his lip at him. "I'll tell Blair you weren't feeling well and decided to make a short night of it. You can consider your relationship terminated."
"Well...well..."
"Ever see a knife, Mason?" Jim drew a huge hunting knife from the sheathe at his back. "This is a knife!"
There was a soft, hissing sound, and both men looked down at the yellow puddle that was spreading between Richard's shoes.
Jim grinned, turned on his heel and walked back to the table where his lover waited.
Only to find that Blair wasn't waiting.
Blair had wandered disconsolately through the streets of Cascade until he had finally gone to Naomi's penthouse apartment and poured out his woes to her. "And to top it off, I was walking away as slowly as I could! I don't know how many shop windows I stopped to look in. He just didn't come after me! Naomi, what am I going to do? I love the macho schmuck!"
Naomi had never seen her son so distraught. Then again, she mused, perhaps he had never been in love before. "How did you expect him to find you, dear?"
He gave her an exasperated look. "I'm not stupid, Naomi! I left both addresses on the table!"
"Rather obvious, don't you think?" She struggled to prevent a smile at his disgruntlement. "Explain to me again how you discovered Richard was seeing someone on the side."
"I gave them time to get to the men's room and then followed them. Jim called him on it, said he could smell the other guy on Richard!"
"He could smell that Richard wasn't faithful to you? I don't understand how that was possible!"
"Um, something I neglected to tell you, Naomi." Blair paced restlessly back and forth before his mother. He looked a little flushed.
Which was how Naomi came to learn of Jim Ellison's Sentinel senses.
"Can you believe Richard didn't even have the smarts to shower before he came to pick me up? I mean, plain, old-fashioned good manners would indicate..."
Naomi glanced away. "I'm afraid that was my fault, darling. I beeped him. When he called, I ordered to my office, and never gave him a chance to say yes, no or maybe. He had forgotten you were coming home today, sweetheart! I'm so sorry, Blair. Richard Mason was not one of my better ideas."
Her son sighed. "I know you just wanted me to be happy. You had Richard all picked out for me, Naomi; you were actually hearing wedding bells! And you know how I am about confrontations." Blair threw himself down on the couch beside his mother. "Well, I guess it was for the best. He's out of my life for good now, Naomi." He wasn't sure to whom he was referring. "I hope that doesn't bother you too much."
His mother's glance was pensive. "The only thing I regret is that you're alone, dear."
Blair sighed again. "I had hoped..."
The doorbell chimed sweetly and he bolted upright, his hair whipping around as he stared hopefully at the door. The pretty Jamaican maid went to answer it.
"Is Blair Sandburg here?"
The soft cadence of Jamaican patois was heard.
Naomi caught her breath at the expression on her son's face.
"Never mind," the voice from the hall was saying, "I'll announce myself!"
Jim stalked into the living room, his blue eyes hot as they sought his lover. Blair jumped to his feet and put the couch between him and his lover. "Jim!" he squeaked.
"So you love me, Chief? It would have been nice if you'd told me first!"
"Just one moment, young man!" Naomi placed herself between her son and the alarmingly intense man who had invaded her home.
Jim stepped around her, pulled Blair out from behind the couch and into his arms. "Yes, Mom?"
With a pleased smile, Naomi announced it had been a long day, and she, for one, was going to bed!
"You're not alone. You'll never be alone!"
The only sound that disturbed the silence of the room was the needy moans of both men as they kissed hungrily.
Blair Sandburg was sprawled out on the bed in their loft, aching pleasurably from the thoroughness of Jim Ellison's lovemaking.
"It was really nice of Naomi to find this apartment for us, wasn't it, big guy?"
"Mmmm." It was a sated rumble.
"It's so cool that you'll get your old position on the police force back again!"
"Mmm."
"They really missed you in Major Crimes!"
"Mm."
"I can't believe you lived here in Cascade all the time I was here, and I never knew it!"
A soft snore greeted his last remark.
Blair grinned happily and relaxed into sleep.
~END~
End 'Crocodile' Ellison by Tinnean: Tinneantoo@aol.com
Author and story notes above.
Disclaimer: The Sentinel is owned etc. by Pet Fly, Inc. These pages and the 
stories on them are not meant to infringe on, nor are they endorsed by, Pet Fly, Inc. and Paramount.
Angel had passed through the city perhaps a dozen times. Noticed as it grew and changed and aged with a kind of detachment that was reserved for those things that really don’t matter. It was just one more place to hide from the sun when he traveled from LA to New York, deferring to the still powerful draw of driving alone, instead of using the new option of being flown in a Wolfram and Hart jet.
He remembered the first time he noticed the man. Unable to sleep one night and it was too late to drive. He’d found himself walking crowded streets, jostled by men and women that seemed to be celebrating sexuality. Freedom of expression and the ability to kiss in public. Kiss and dance and grope.
Angel leaned against the pole of a street light that was decorated in multicolored ribbons, a rainbow flag rippled above his head in the soft, warm spring breeze. He tried to not compare the festivities with all the other times he’d watched sections of humanity try to express their individuality. And watched them beaten down, left bleeding in the gutter. Sometimes trodden and bled by his own hand.
Angel didn’t spend a lot of time on that particular memory.
Instead, he faded into the background. He watched the revelry with amusement, nursing a watery domestic bottle of beer. Completely content to do nothing more than that … until Angel saw him.
Tall and lean and walking as if he owned the street, the city, the state, the fucking world. Hair falling over his forehead, T-shirt stuck to his chest. Tight leather pants that left nothing to the imagination. Light hazel eyes that didn’t miss anything and Angel knew immediately that this man was celebrating nothing.  That he didn’t give a shit about the parades, the banners, TV crews that were filming the drag queens, the fireworks and the feather boas.
He walked close enough to catch the man’s scent. Sweat and sex in the air and he didn’t pretend not to see that he was also being watched by the prey. Marked and remembered and then dismissed when Angel kept going.
~~
Four months passed before Angel drove through Pittsburgh again. Checked into his hotel room after ten,  walked down Liberty Avenue at midnight. It wasn’t as crowded this time and Angel could cruise without being jostled. Fade without being noticed. Or, at least, not as noticed.
He caught the marked scent on a man that had the smile and the eyes of a boy and followed him to a club. Private, of course, but a couple hundred-dollar bills put in the doorman’s hand brought him into the neon and glitter and pounding music. Into the swirl of flesh, alcohol and drug flavored air around him.
Angel checked his coat at the door. He moved through the crowd, felt stares sliding over the black satin shirt on his chest and shoulders and arms. Felt the more immediate touch of hot palms and groping fingers over the summer silk blend that covered his ass and thighs. His body warmed to match the temperature and even though he’d emptied the heated thermos of blood in his hotel room, the demon inside recognized pounding pulses and bared necks and humans that wouldn’t even bat an eyelash at offering themselves. Smooth, strong wrists, damp, trembling inner thighs. Tilted heads and arched hips. Want, take, have.
If Angel had been a younger vampire, he wouldn’t have been able to keep his mind on what he truly wanted. If he didn’t have his soul, this club would’ve been the perfect hunting ground. Every single one of these men that dared to reach out and touch him, offer him drinks, ask him to dance, hold up a joint or a vial or a pill marked with an ‘X’ would’ve been on their knees, bleeding. Begging. Dying.
Angel stood on a catwalk and finally found what he’d been looking for. Standing by the bar below him, surrounded by other men and one in particular who was showing the signs of ownership, of belonging. Angel watched them, a side of his mouth curled. He couldn’t deny the attraction. He was reminded of Lindsey.
Pretty blonde boy.  Angel could taste him from here. Fresh and young, long eyelashes. Cheek and chin stubble that was still soft instead of coarse with age. And the full, wet lips of a woman, all over the mind and body of a man.
But this was not his quarry, not the purpose Angel was here.
And that reason was staring back up at him. Crystal clear eyes, lips curved into a smile and Angel knew he was recognized, remembered. He felt the rush of lust slide through his body,  the fantasy of being alive. He watched as the tall man left his friends and lovers at the bar and made his way up the iron stairs to where Angel waited.
Grey silk and black denim. Sharp scents of tobacco and other men and under it all was what Angel had marked that night on the street. Pure, unadulterated desire.
They stood next to each other, forearms resting on the railing. Close enough to touch, close enough that Angel’s body responded to the proximity. His cock hardening, his tongue sliding over his bottom lip. Angel turned, opened himself up to the other man, facing him.
“Like what you see?”
Even his voice was dark with resonating passion and Angel nodded.
“Tell me your name.”
“Brian. And you?”
“Angel.”
Smirk. Laugh. Fingers as long as his reached out and touched Angel’s chest feather light.
“Yes. Of course you are.”
Brian’s head tilted down, his eyes closed and opened in a slow blink.
“Wanna follow me to the back room?”
Angel looked in the direction of Brian’s offer and inhaled deeply. Raw sex, drugs. Concrete and come and the plastic smell of lube and condoms.
“No.” He shook his head. “Not there.”
Angel felt Brian mentally undress him and saw his smile grow wider.
“Not some random fuck, are you? Come on.”
~~
And this was what Angel had been looking for, what he needed. Something anonymous and something intense with someone that wouldn’t automatically fold and bend and beg. With someone beautiful, someone that knew the rush and understood the value of intimacy.
They still hadn’t touched. They stood in Brian’s apartment, watching each other with mirroring stares. Fingers slowly unbuttoned shirts, shoes toed off. Pants slithered down long thighs to end up pooled on the thick, shining varnish of the hard wood floor.
It was silent as they circled. Eardrums still pounding from the assault of noise at the club to this sudden quiet. Angel followed Brian up to a wide, low bed and crawled on it. Baseboard to headboard. Blue neon shining down on his skin, making the alabaster match the tanned flesh of the man that moved up behind him. Angel slid his knees wide, looked over his shoulder. Watching as Brian bent down, feeling the mattress shift and still they hadn’t touched.
Brian moved over him, stretched out. Knees between his, breath hot as it came in bursts along Angel’s spine to his shoulders.  Heat from Brian’s chest flowed in waves over Angel’s back and when Brian finally spoke, Angel had to bite down on his tongue. Swallow down the blood that mixed with saliva in his mouth.
“Turn over.”
Angel did.
He rolled to his back, keeping his arms above his head. Fingers pressed into wood, legs spread wide and Brian came back down over him. Hands and knees above him. Angel took in the sight. Long, lean, sweat glistening blue and gold and his eyes burnt into Angel’s head. Into his mind.
“Ask for it, pretty Angel.”
Wood creaked as Angel’s hands tightened around the low headboard.
“Ask for it.”
“I can’t.”
Angel watched as Brian dipped his head. Saw the shadow of his spine as he leaned close and breathed all the way down Angel’s chest to his cock. Hot, wet air curled around Angel’s skin and he moaned, fought to keep his hips still. Fighting the urge to arch up and push his cock through those perfect lips, into that perfect heat.
“You want this. You want me.”
“I do … I do … I want…” Angel growled. Closing his eyes to hide just how much he wanted Brian.
“Then tell me.” Brian’s voice coiled through Angel. Left him gasping as if he actually needed the oxygen in his lungs. “Ask me.”
Angel trembled, a hard shudder tried to force its way free of him. He opened his eyes and could only offer up a fleeting hope that the blue would hide the yellow that he knew had to be there, flecked in the brown. He could feel his incisors sharpen and he made his legs spread wider. Bent his knees and dug his heels into the mattress.
Brian looked down at him. Calm covered his face, but Angel could feel the passion. Feel it soak the air around them, feel it make everything slower and hotter and harder. Taste it on his tongue when he licked his lips and left a smear of red that looked black under the blue light.
“I want it. I want you.”
Brian nodded. A strand of bangs fell over his eyes. He ripped open a condom and rolled it on his cock. Head to base. He reached over Angel once again and brought back a tube of lubricant, popped the cap and coated the fingers of his left hand.
“What do you want, Angel?”
“I want … I want you … to kiss me.”
“I don’t. I can’t.”
Angel saw the possessive little blonde boy at the bar in his mind and he could not contain the violence that colored his voice when he spoke again. He didn’t even try. His body pulled taut. His will at war with his very nature.
“Then fuck me.”
Wet lips on his cock. Slick fingers slid into him. Angel arched, pushed deeper into Brian’s throat. Felt the tug of suction, the soft pressure of tongue and the scrape of teeth. His arms cramped and his legs shook. Brian’s fingers teased in and out of him. Pushed and breached and curled and rubbed right over that fucking sweet spot inside until Angel gave up on relaxing and opening and started clenching tighter and tighter. Brian’s head bobbed. His hair soft as it brushed the inside of Angel’s thighs and Angel growled, vibrated on the bed.  Coming off the mattress and thrusting up into Brian’s mouth. At the absolute end of his patience because it had been so very, very long.
“Fuck me, Brian. Fuck me now or get the hell off.”
Angel heard soft laughter, felt the cooler flow of breath on his wet cock as Brian lifted his head and looked straight up, right back at him.
“I’ll fuck you. When I’m ready.”
His voice was quiet, but Angel caught the glint in his eyes. That look, that singular look that meant there was something in Angel’s face, something in the tense, marble of his body … something there that always tipped the balance. No matter who Angel was with, with the exception of Spike. Because Spike liked it when they fought, when they beat each other bloody and there were fresh bruises to press fingers into and over. But Spike was a vampire, Spike was family and this man was … so fucking alive.
So fucking hot.
He left Angel’s cock with a lick and a bite. Kissed his way back up Angel’s chest and just as his lips reached Angel’s throat and the possibility of feeling no pulse, Angel lifted his hips again. Rubbed his cock against Brian’s and snapped his teeth together beside Brian’s ear.
“Ready now?”
One hand down, positioning and holding and there was that moment. That moment when time seemed to stop and Angel could feel every cell in his body shifting, reacting. He could feel the demon tear at his skin from the inside and he fought it down. Forced it down, opened his legs wider. Kicked his heels into the small of Brian’s back and pulled him deeper. And it felt so fucking good. Burn and stretch and slide of sweat slicked chest to his.
“Yes, Jesus … yes. Where the fuck have you been all my life?”
Angel would have replied, if he could’ve done anything but whine and wrap his arms and legs around the man on top of him. Hold Brian deep and hard and match each thrust and twist with one of his own. Moving so that his cock bumped and rubbed along Brian’s abdomen, so that his balls were crushed and Angel’s whimper turned to a moan and a growl and then a roar as his body took over and his mind let go.
~~
Four hours later Angel sat, back against the wall. Neon blue still glowing down over him as he smoked one of Brian’s cigarettes. Sheets pooled around his thighs, the bed’s comforter on the floor.  Brian was stretched out beside him, holding his hand up when he wanted a drag.
Angel could see the sky lightening, even though it might look the same to anyone else. It was time to go and he found himself wanting to stay. Wanting to return.
First time for everything.
They hadn’t exchanged anything more meaningful than first names. They hadn’t given anything but the most delicate of trust and the taste of Brian’s third orgasm still rolled on Angel’s tongue as he crushed the cigarette and slid out of the bed.
He dressed, watching as Brian walked naked through his kitchen. Take a bottle of water from the refrigerator and offered another before moving to stand beside the door. Angel shook his head, pulled his leather coat over his shoulders and slid his feet into his shoes.
“You know where I live now.”
“Yes.”
“You will come back again.”
Angel smiled, acted as if he was reaching for the door, but then changed that motion to standing in front of Brian. Pushing him back against the metal. Hands over his shoulders, hip to hip, groin to groin. Lips just a breath apart.
Angel licked a circle around Brian’s mouth with the tip of his tongue and stared into the mix of green and brown and gold. It only took a second before Brian was kissing him. Devouring Angel’s mouth, teeth and lips and tongue and they tasted of each other. Angel inhaled and he found that he liked the smell of his own sex on this man.
“Yes.”

~Fin

*lyrics from 'Moments Like This' by Alison Krauss
“Stay.”
Jamie’s skin still tingles from the single word Tahmoh leaned over and whispered in his ear nearly a half hour ago.  The party’s wound down and the last few people are moving and Jamie’s picking up plastic glasses and glass bottles, cleaning up as an excuse to not be headed out the door.
He’d been on his way home, shrugging into his jacket when Tahmoh’s hand had settled on his shoulder, when his breath had brushed Jamie’s ear, when his whispered word - command - had hit Jamie low and hard in the groin.  He’d swallowed and nodded, sliding his jacket back off.  He’d kept to himself as the party – going strong until then – had suddenly died down until it was just him and Tahmoh, alone after he ushered Katee and her date into a cab.
Tahmoh closes the door and leans against it, his eyes on Jamie like lasers, hard and bright and sharp.  “You were trying to leave early.”
“Wasn’t in the mood for a party.”
“You weren’t, hm?” Tahmoh pushes off the door and shoves his hands in his pockets, moving closer, obliterating the distance between them.  “What are you in the mood for, Bamber?”
Jamie doesn’t speak, just swallows hard as Tahmoh’s gaze moves down his body.  “T…that’s up to you, isn’t it?”
A slow, easy smile spreads across Tahmoh’s face and he leans in, his breath warm on Jamie’s lips.  “There’s my boy.”
Jamie’s eyes close as his chest constricts, breath jerking hard out of his lungs.  His gasp is swallowed by Tahmoh’s mouth, covering Jamie’s as his hand slides behind Jamie’s neck, curving around the nape.  The gasp evolves into a groan, the sound rumbling through Jamie’s body as Tahmoh shifts, bringing them closer together.
Tahmoh breaks the kiss, licking his lips as he steps back.  “Should I tell you what you’re in the mood for, Bamber?  Or shall we just take it nice and slow? One step at a time?”
Slow might kill him, but Jamie’s learned by now that it really doesn’t make much difference what his preferences might be, and Tahmoh’s plans have yet to disappoint him.  “S…slow.”
Tahmoh’s pleasure sounds like the purr of a big cat and he steals another kiss, his tongue sliding over the surfaces of Jamie’s mouth, tasting him.  When he pulls back, he releases Jamie completely and nods toward the bedroom.  “After you, Bamber.”
He calls him Jamie on the set and Bamber in private, and something about it sets Jamie’s heart racing. It seems like it should be impersonal, but it’s exactly the opposite, most of it in the soft roll of the words of Tahmoh’s lips, the hint of his accent.  Jamie leads the way to the bedroom, his breath aching in his chest as he waits by the door, just inside the darkness.
Tahmoh reaches behind him and snaps on the light. The room’s clean enough, the bed mussed from the piles of coats it played host to earlier, the only one left Jamie’s, tucked up by the pillows.  Leaning in, Tahmoh licks the base of Jamie’s neck just above the collar of his t-shirt.  “Undress.”
“Oh.” The sound shudders out of Jamie with his breath and he does as he’s told, economy of motion and quick changes backstage at countless theaters standing him in good stead as he strips down to nothing at all.  He can feel Tahmoh behind him, feel the heat of his body as he steps closer, the rough fabric of his jeans brushing Jamie’s skin.
“You trust me, Bamber?”
Standing here fucking naked in front of you, you crazy son of a…  “Yes.”
Tahmoh’s hand starts at Jamie’s shoulder and slides down, leaving ghosts of heat on his skin before his fingers wrap around Jamie’s wrist.  Jamie groans as they tighten, then gasps at the sharp, hard metallic sound.
“The fuck…”
Tahmoh catches Jamie’s other hand before he can react, snapping the second cuff around Jamie’s other wrist.  He moves away from Jamie, something dangerous in his eyes as he comes around to face him.  “On your knees.”
“Sod the fuck off, arse.” Jamie jerks at the cuffs, panic flaring in his chest.  “Get these off me.”
“You said you trusted me.”
“I thought you fucking meant…get them off, Tahmoh...”
“I’m not going to hurt you.”  He moves closer, running his fingers down Jamie’s chest, through the scattered dark hairs that cover his nipples and down his abdomen, the hard muscles flexing beneath his touch.  He steps in, his mouth open over Jamie’s, his breath warm against Jamie’s lips.  “Trust me?”
“Fucking crazy…” He breaks off as Tahmoh kisses him again, his tongue plundering Jamie’s mouth, his hand cupping the back of Jamie’s head.  A hard tremor runs through Jamie’s body and he pulls back, panting roughly.  “Take them off, Tahmoh.”
“Can’t do that, Bamber.”  He pulls back and starts to undress, his eyes holding Jamie’s.  “Every time we’re together I have all these grand plans and you ruin ‘em. I’ll have you right where I want you and then you’ll touch me and I forget everything.  So the way I see it, I have to keep that from happening.”
“Tahmoh…”
He tosses his shirt in the corner and undoes his jeans, smiling as Jamie’s eyes drop to follow the zipper down.  Jamie knows he’s gotten all the press for the towel scene, but Tahmoh’s just as sculpted, just as firm as he shucks his jeans and runs his thumbs beneath the waistband of his boxer-briefs.  “It’s your own fault.”
“Tahmoh.”
His slow smiles changes, hardens and he tilts his head, watching Jamie for a moment.  “On your knees, Bamber.”
“Tah…”
”Now.”
Heat flares at the base of his cock, and Jamie sinks to his knees, his hands clenched into fists behind his back.  His jaw clenches tight, his eyes raised to hold Tahmoh’s gaze.  Tahmoh pushes his boxer-briefs down and kicks them aside, stepping forward so that the tip of his cock barely brushed Jamie’s lips.  Jamie’s lips parted, his tongue sneaking out, stealing a taste.
“Uh-uh.” Tahmoh steps back, reaching down to cup Jamie’s jaw with three fingers.  “Not yet.”
“Tahmoh,” Jamie growls low, hungry.  He glares up at Tahmoh as the other man shakes his head.  “God damn it…”
“Hey now.” Tahmoh’s thumb grazes over Jamie’s lower lip.  “We’ve got all night, Bamber.”  He glances down to Jamie’s erection, smiling at the hard curve of it.  “Or can’t you last?”
“Oh, fuck you, Penikett.”
Tahmoh laughs and releases Jamie’s chin, moving his hand instead to wrap around his own cock, guide it to Jamie’s lips.  Jamie’s mouth opens on instinct as the heavy flesh brushes his lower lip, leaving behind the slick promise of Tahmoh’s arousal.  “Wrong again, Bamber.”  He leans down and licks Jamie’s lower lip, steals the taste away from him.  “I’m gonna fuck you.  I’m going to bend you over that bed and fuck you hard and fast and so deep you’re going to feel it for a week.  Gonna fuck you until you come so hard against that mattress, I’m never going to get rid of the wet spot.  I’m. Gonna. Fuck. You.”  He bites Jamie’s lower lip, almost hard enough to leave a mark, steals the hot pant of desire from Jamie’s mouth.  “Got it?”
“Y…yes.”  Jamie nods, his body shuddering in response.  “Yes.”
“Good.”  Tahmoh straightens and then moves back to the bed, sitting on the edge, legs splayed.  Jamie’s eyes stay focused on the hard length of Tahmoh’s cock, licking his lips and swallowing against his dry throat.  “Bamber?”
He looks up, catching his breath at the heat in Tahmoh’s eyes.  “Yeah?”
“Come here.”
“I…” He closes his eyes and tilts his head back, inhaling deeply.  He shakes his head.  “Tahmoh…”
“C’mere, Bamber. Want you to taste me.”
Jamie exhales through his teeth, the sound loud in the room, laced with desperation and frustration as he bows his head and manages to move to the foot of the bed.  Tahmoh smiles down at him, stroking Jamie’s short hair back from his face, his fingers coming back damp with the perspiration that stains Jamie’s hairline.
“You want me, Bamber?”
“Wouldn’t be on my fucking knees if I didn’t, you…” He cuts himself off and leans in, taking Tahmoh in his mouth.  He’s thick and hard and heavy on Jamie’s tongue and he sucks the length of him.  Tahmoh groans, hips rolling upward to meet Jamie’s mouth.  Jamie pulls back to the head, his tongue tracing the ridge of it, applying pressure before he takes him deep again.
Fingers fist and tighten in Jamie’s hair, tugging his head back.  He releases Tahmoh’s cock with a growl of irritation. “What did I tell you?”
“Want…”
“Ah-ah.”  Tahmoh shakes his head and continues to hold his grip in Jamie’s short hair. Tahmoh’s other hand goes down to his cock and he slowly strokes the flesh, wet from Jamie’s mouth.  “You want this?”
“Yes,” Jamie snaps.
“No. You think you do.  I’ll know when you really want it.”  He continues stroking himself slowly, the foreskin moving with every stroke, offering Jamie a glimpse of dark, flushed skin with the movement.  A thick drop clings to the head and Jamie’s tongue darts out to wet his lips. “You want it, Bamber?”
Jamie licks his lips again, his own cock pulsing with the heavy boil of blood.  He swallows once, then again.  “Yes,” he breathes.  “Please.”
Tahmoh’s low laugh is thick with need.  His hand flattens, cupping the base of Jamie’s skull and he guides him closer, fingers pressing against Jamie’s head as his breath gusts across the head of Tahmoh’s cock.  His voice is breathless.  “Want it?”
Jamie nods, nearly imperceptibly.  He licks his lip and steals the drop from Tahmoh’s cock, his tongue smoothing it against the roof of his mouth. He groans and breathes again, his lips parted, the heat of Tahmoh’s arousal, the throb of his pulse against Jamie’s mouth.  “Please.”
“Better,” Tahmoh informs him softly, easing Jamie back.  Jamie shudders and whimpers, the sound thick in his throat.  “Much better.”  Tahmoh gets to his feet and Jamie tilts his head back, watching him stand.  He moves behind Jamie, his body close and Jamie can’t stop the tremor that rockets through him.  “Stand up.”
He manages it through sheer will, stage training and Tahmoh’s hand beneath his elbow for balance, but every inch of him aches by the time he’s on his feet.  His cock throbs with every pulse of his heart and he sways slightly.  “Tahmoh…”
His hand moves from Jamie’s elbow to his shoulder then to the middle of Jamie’s back.  It’s light and gentle for a moment before Jamie finds himself facedown against the bed, knees nearly buckling.  The hand at his back moves and he turns his head, sucking in a hot breath as Tahmoh’s fingers graze over his arse, just the suggestion of a touch forcing a groan that nearly chokes him.  “Jesus…”
“Say please.”
“Tahmoh…” Jamie’s panting and isn’t sure he’s going to be able to stop as Tahmoh’s fingers move again, tracing a slow circle around the muscle.  Jamie jerks forward, his cock sliding against the edge of the mattress and his breath leaves him in a shudder, his lower lip trembling with the sound.
“Say please.”
Jamie closes his eyes, his hands clenched into fists behind his back, the metal cutting into his skin.  His cock feels like it’s on fire, burning as hot as his lungs.  “God…”
“Say…”
“Please,” Jamie begs, the sound torn from his lips as the slide of cool gel hits his skin.  “Oh…p…fuck.”  He angles toward the bed, his cock sliding along the mattress then back up against Tahmoh’s fingers.  His voice is strangled by the covers as he buried his face in them, wanting to scream.
“What was that, Bamber?”
“You…you god damned son of a…” Jamie turns his head, gasping for breath.  He catches a glimpse of Tahmoh out of the corner of his eye and the bastard is smirking.  He can feel the pressure of Tahmoh’s fingers against his arse, rubbing slow, steady circles that make Jamie’s cock hurt.  “Please.”
“What?”  He presses his finger against Jamie, barely penetrating the ring of muscle. Jamie whimpers and his knees buckle slightly.  “What, Bamber?”
Jamie presses back against his finger, groaning in relief as the pressure comes to bear.  “Oh, yes,” Jamie breathes. “Please. Please.”
“You like that?” Tahmoh’s voice is rough and breathless, his finger slowly thrusting deeper into Jamie as the flat of his other hand slides up and down Jamie’s spine.  Jamie can feel the rough hair of Tahmoh’s legs rasping against his, can feel the heat of his body as he thrusts against Jamie.  “You like that, Bamber?”
“Yes. Yes.”  Jamie nods, his cheek against the bed, his eyes closed.  Sensation dances along his nerve endings and his body shudders on instinct, relieving some of the coiled tension that tightens every muscle.  “P…more. Please.”
Another finger slides in on the downward thrust and Jamie turns his head to bite the covers. Whatever sound he makes is muffled by the thick comforter, but it reverberates in his head as Tahmoh starts thrusting harder.  “You want more? You want another?”  Jamie’s hands jerk in the cuffs, flexing then curling into fists so tight his knuckles ache.  Tahmoh’s voice dances along Jamie’s spine as he leans down and presses his lips to the small of Jamie’s back just below his cuffed wrists. “Or do you want me to fuck you?”
Jamie arches back against Tahmoh in answer.  He feels need pounding at the base of his cock, feels it threatening to spill over.  His body spasms as Tahmoh eases his fingers away, apparently accepting Jamie’s body language as answer enough, or finally hard enough himself that he doesn’t care what Jamie wants.
The muscles of Jamie’s thighs ache from being in one position too long, acid building up beneath the burn.  He’s breathing hard when he does breath, forgetting to suck in air half the time, only remembering when his head starts to pound and his lungs demand it. He feels Tahmoh’s hands on his arse, spreading him, feels the sleek, slick tension of the condom against him.
“I don’t remember hearing you answer the question, Bamber.” Tahmoh pulls back and lets his length slide against Jamie.  Jamie moans low in his throat and turns his head, inhaling sharply.  “Don’t you want it?”
Whatever air Jamie had is gone in a few huffs of desperate laughter.  “Oh, God.” He shivers, his back arched so hard the cuffs are digging into his skin.  “Please, Tahmoh. Oh, God. Please. Please.” The words tumble out of his mouth, a keening need pitching the words higher until he feels Tahmoh’s cock against him, slide in.  “Ple…yes. OhGodyesplease.”
The pressure and weight of Tahmoh’s body thrusts Jamie against the mattress and his whole body shakes with the shaft of pain and pleasure that shoots through his cock.  Tahmoh’s fingers dig into Jamie’s hips, hard and flat and demanding against his skin as he thrusts against Jamie, hard and fast and deep.
Jamie falls into rhythm with him, his cock sliding along the mattress with every downward thrust.  He’s still begging, can’t stop the words now that they’ve started, but they seem distant and unreal, like someone else until he realizes Tahmoh’s echoing him, every one of Jamie’s pleas answered with a yes and another deeper thrust.
“You gonna come, Bamber?” Tahmoh growls, leaning forward so his body was against Jamie’s hands, letting him feel the sweat the lines Tahmoh’s stomach, digging the cuffs deeper into Jamie’s flesh.  Tahmoh’s hand slides down, over the jut of Jamie’s hipbone, down the flat stretch of skin to the curve of Jamie’s cock, wrapping around the hot, hard flesh.  “Are you?”
Jamie doesn’t answer, his voice burned away by the heat inside him, drown in the rush of his orgasm.  His body pulses against Tahmoh’s; cock jerking in Tahmoh’s grip, body tightening around Tahmoh’s cock.  Tahmoh groans, the sound fading to nothing as he exhales against Jamie’s back, sending a shiver racing down Jamie’s spine.
Tahmoh rests against him for a moment then eases away.  Jamie’s knees give out and he slumps to the floor, his stomach and chest sweaty and sticky as he tilts his head back, forcing air into his lungs.  Tahmoh moves back beside him, sliding to the floor next to Jamie, his back against the bed.  He rests his head against the mattress and turns to look at Jamie.
“You okay?”
“Unfuckingcuff me,” Jamie hisses. All he can feel is the tight burn in his shoulders, the spasms that wrack his biceps and triceps.  His wrists hurt, rubbed raw in a few places, two hard lines etched into his back from the pressure of the cuffs.
Tahmoh nods and crawls forward, digging the key out of his jeans and then unlocking the cuffs.  He eases them off Jamie’s wrists and then settles back, watching Jamie with unreadable eyes.
Jamie groans and lays on the ground, staring up at the ceiling, rolling his wrists.  He glances over at Tahmoh and huffs a breath around the ghost of a smile.  “Jesus, Penikett.”
“Quit your bitching, Bamber.” He reaches out and takes one of Jamie’s hands, smoothing his thumb over the abraded skin.  “It was your fucking idea.”
“I think I’d remember if I said something about handcuffs.”
Tahmoh wraps his hand around Jamie’s wrist and tugs him closer, shifting to lie beside Jamie as he does.  His mouth is warm and wet against Jamie’s, his tongue teasing.  “You told me if I wanted you to quit touching me, I’d have to tie you up.”  He kisses Jamie again, smirking as he pulls away.  “So I did.”
“They make the damn things padded.”
Tahmoh huffs a laugh and sits up.  “What are you, Bamber? Some kind of pussy?”
“Oh, fuck you.” Jamie sits up and closes his eyes as the room sways around him.  “Sure as fuck not going to say yes when you ask if I trust you.”
Tahmoh laughs and leans in, kissing Jamie again before getting to his feet and gathering Jamie’s clothes, tossing them in his direction.  “What makes you think that next time I plan to ask?”
“I’m so going to kick your arse, Penikett.”
“Yeah, Bamber?”  Tahmoh tugs on his boxer-briefs as Jamie pulls himself up onto the bed, one step closer to standing. “When you gonna do that?”
Jamie laughs and shrugs, tugging his t-shirt on.  “When I get feeling back in all of my limbs.”
Tahmoh walks over to the bed, one knee on the mattress against Jamie’s thigh, tilting Jamie back.  “Guess I’ll have to keep that from happening.”
Jamie grins up at him and tugs him down.  “Guess you can try.”
