Perfect days don’t come often, though when they do, they are meant to be savored.
A butterfly, adorned with intricately patterned red and black wings, takes this sentiment to heart. She had spent the entire crisp, clear morning fluttering from flower to flower. Her favorites were the plum blossoms, and they happened to be at the peak of perfection at this time of year. After taking a last sip of sugary sweet nectar, she rested atop one of the soft petals, content with her meal. A gentle breeze pushed its way past her, but the wind was so polite that instead of bothering her, it invited her to take flight. She leapt into the air, gliding on a smooth current before flapping her wings.
Aside from drinking the sweet nectar of plum blossoms, the butterfly loved soaring through the air on gentle days such as this. The tickle of the wind on her wings, and the breathtaking feeling of being absolutely weightless in the air never grew old to her. She remembered how, back in her days as a caterpillar, she had prayed to the stars to someday be able to soar through the skies like the graceful butterflies that were able to pass her sluggish form in less than an instant. There was a yearning in her heart that couldn’t be quenched by simply climbing to the tallest branch of a sand bearer tree. She wanted more. She needed more. Weeks passed, and suddenly, like magic, her wish was granted! All she had to do was sleep comfortably inside a cute little house she made and poof! She had beautiful, functioning wings!
Ever since that day the yearning in her heart melted away and she had felt nothing but nourishing joy. She didn’t know how long this was going to last, but she wasn’t going to waste a single second of her miraculous lifetime.
As she soared across the plain, she spotted a flash of beautiful color. Automatically, her instincts told her to approach it, and as she grew nearer, she recognized the wings of another butterfly. This one looked very different from herself, but strangely, the patterns and colors she wore paired with the other’s quite nicely. This butterfly’s wings were bright red, with golden lines and spots, creating a pattern that was even more intricate than her own. It was impressive, and the butterfly intended to shower the other with compliments for their exquisite design.
The butterfly landed softly in the grass next to the other, and peered at them cautiously, before experiencing the sinking realization that this beautiful creature was injured. There was a tear in her wing that couldn’t be spotted from an aerial view, but this left the butterfly unable to fly, nonetheless.
As the unharmed butterfly approached the other, she noticed a small group of ants, making their way towards the flame-colored butterfly’s trembling form. A rare flutter of anxiety grew in her chest, and she took to the sky again, now with a sense of urgency, before diving back down. She swerved up at the last minute, sending a gust of wind in the direction of the ants, and sending them flying.
She landed in front of the other butterfly, and felt the bloom of pride she felt fade into sadness.
A butterfly with damaged wings is as good as dead.
She glanced around, not really sure of what she should do. Should she leave them there and let nature take its course? Should she bring some food? Should she try to move them? Is she even strong enough for that?
Her eyes fell to the creature before her, and their eyes locked. The other butterfly had a wise, intelligent gaze, and though it was laced with sadness, it gave off a feeling of warmth, as well. There was a sense of mutual understanding in that moment. They both knew what this injury meant.
Though they had met only moments before, the cheerful butterfly with wings black as night felt the same heartbreak she would feel if she was losing her closest companion. Or, at least, that’s what she imagined it would feel like. The other butterflies typically avoided her, as they took her unusual coloring to be an omen of death. Perhaps they were correct.
She nodded to her new companion, and took off to find some food and water to bring back.
The injured butterfly watched her go, certain that her savior would never return. The encounter left her exhilarated, but as the other butterfly left, she felt hollow disappointment carve into her thorax. She lowered herself closer to the ground. With her destroyed wing and bright coloring, she stood out from the long grass like a sore thumb. She knew there was little time left before she would be devoured by ants or picked up by a bird, and though she had accepted her fate before, something shifted her outlook now.
She perked up as she caught sight of the black wings she thought she would never see again. The butterfly was weighed down by a small flower she was carrying with her feet, and it caused her to sway in the wind. As she watched this strange creature, clearly insane enough to drag an entire flower across a field to feed a death-bound comrade, something bloomed inside of her that she had never felt before.
It was then that she knew she would live forever.
Over the next few months, the two were inseparable, save from the times when the uninjured butterfly left to gather food. She built her love a little shelter of leaves and twigs just big enough for the two of them to wander around and stretch their wings a bit, that protected her from the elements. They dug a small well together to collect water. They spent every moment they could together, and even though the unharmed butterfly had the ability and the freedom to take to the sky she loved so much and never look back, she never did. She had something better now.
They had months and months together, but as winter grew closer, they both knew their time together was coming to an end. There was no way the injured one could migrate to a warmer climate, and without one, there would not be the other.
Please leave! Save yourself! The injured butterfly begged, frustrated that the one she loved so much was being so illogical.
But I am so looking forward to watching the first snow of the season with you, the other responded serenely.
And so they both stayed, and when the first snow fell, they remained, huddled together in their shelter, savoring the feeling of the other’s wings, the faint lingering smell of flowers and fruits from seasons passed, savoring their last, perfect day together.
When death finally came, it arrived gently, taking them both in a warm, gentle sleep.
——
Hu Tao was in some hot water at the moment, and honestly, she was the only one she could blame.
Old man Zhongli had told her over and over that she shouldn’t make so many morbid jokes on the city’s bulletin board. He was all “the people of Liyue don’t appreciate your humor” this and “they will hold you accountable for this someday” that, however, Hu Tao never paid any mind to his warnings. She had just assumed he was being a stick in the mud, and that there were other kindred spirits out there, like Xingqiu, who appreciated her comedic jests. However…the people of Liyue drew a line when it came to jokes about a certain Lord of Geo.
She honestly didn’t know how this turned itself into a court case. Sure, one of her future clients (and by the looks of it, it would be the near future) saw her joke and fainted in shock. It was unfortunate that she broke her hip in the process, but Hu Tao could hardly see what she had to do with it. It wasn’t like she was going to need that hip for much longer, anyways.
She knew what she did was wrong, but she didn’t deserve to be persecuted like this. If it weren’t for her profession, she was certain she wouldn’t be facing such harsh consequences.
As Hu Tao sat at her desk, brooding about her unpleasant situation, Zhongli had somehow entered the room without her even noticing. He cleared his throat, causing her to jump in her seat.
“Archons! Zhongli! Don’t scare me like that!”
Zhongli chuckled, before placing a sheet of paper on her desk. His face fell as he turned his thoughts back to business. “You should contact this woman. She is the most renowned lawyer in Liyue, and she has just offered you a steep discount for her otherwise extremely expensive services.”
Hu Tao grabbed the paper and looked it over skeptically. It was a letter from Yanfei, an extremely successful and extremely busy lawyer that operates her firm across the street. She caught sight of the price- only one quarter of her regular rate- and raised her eyebrows. “Why such a generous discount for me specifically? Does she do this for everyone who makes it on the first page of the newspaper?”
Zhongli shook his head. “I don’t believe so. Perhaps she is a fan of your humor. Though I can’t imagine she wasn’t offended by your joke, what with her father being so close to Rex Lapis.”
Hu Tao cringed, remembering that Yanfei’s father is, in fact, an adeptus. “Do you think she may be setting me up? What if she does poorly on purpose?”
“Oh, she’d never do that. She has a reputation to uphold and she seems to dislike conflict and petty revenge. I would accept her offer, as this is quite the bargain.”
Hu Tao stared at Zhongli, who remained stoic as ever. “I trust you. I will write her a letter now.”
——
Hu Tao stood outside of Yanfei’s office, shifting from foot to foot as she rehearsed what she would say, or, more accurately, how she would explain herself before a certainly rage-filled half-adeptus.
Why did she agree to this, anyways? It was obvious Zhongli probably has some kind of “in” with the adepti. She was probably being set up, and she was walking willingly into-
A woman with bright, friendly green eyes that held a wise and intelligent gaze abruptly opened the door, halting Hu Tao’s panicked musings. “Hello! You must be Director Hu from the Wangsheng Funeral Parlor. As I’m sure you know, my name is Yanfei, and I will be your legal advisor until this unfortunate mess blows over (it won’t be long I’m sure.) Oh! Where are my manners? Come in, come in!” The woman ushered a shocked Hu Tao in, led her down a short hallway, and into a charming little room full of books. Hu Tao had to watch her feet, lest she trip over one of the towering piles that reached almost all the way up to the ceiling.
In contrast, Yanfei bounced through the room behind the desk with ease, obviously having done this hundreds of times before. She plopped herself into the plush armchair chair behind her handsome wooden desk, and cracked open an enormous book.
Hu Tao watched her in awe, as she found the correct page almost immediately without the aid of a bookmark. Her heart leapt in her chest as Yanfei looked up at her with a confused expression.
“You’re welcome to sit, Director Hu.”
Hu Tao laughed nervously. “Of course!” She hurried into the chair on the other side of the desk obediently, her heart still racing, and her face now burning with embarrassment.
Yanfei didn’t seem to notice Hu Tao’s skittishness, as she returned to her book without a second glance. “So, let’s get down to business. I believe this case shouldn’t be too difficult to resolve as you didn’t actually do anything. It says right here that in order to be charged with reckless endangerment, you have to be the direct cause of the injury, which you were not. I have confirmed with Baizhu that the woman that is suing you is actually anemic, so there’s no way to tell if she collapsed because of your post or because of her own bad health. We most likely won’t have to go to court at all.” She took a breath, and looked at Hu Tao expectantly.
Hu Tao only stared at her in shock. She had never met anyone who talked more than she herself did, and she honestly wasn’t sure how to react. After a moment, she realized she should probably respond. “Wow, that’s amazing! H-how did you find out she’s anemic? I thought that kind of information was…you know…”
“Confidential? I have many many connections that help facilitate my research. And it’s not entirely illegal, as there’s nothing explicitly stating that I can’t accidentally catch a glance at the label on others’ medication. It’s a simple mistake, after all.” Yanfei let a small smirk pull at the corners of her lips.
Hu Tao blinked at her. Wow, she goes through a lot of trouble for her clients, she thought to herself. She took a deep breath, hoping to calm her still-pounding heart. “That’s impressive. Do you do this for all of your clients?”
Yanfei chuckled, pausing a moment before responding. “Only for clients that have a good sense of humor.”
“Huh? You’re not mad?” Hu Tao didn’t realize she said that out loud until a burst of Yanfei’s bright laughter hit her ears.
“I have to admit, I didn’t appreciate the joke about our dearly departed Rex Lapis nearly as much as the others,” she stopped to let out a giggle. “But I’m not mad! What, did you think I was going to unleash the wrath of the adepti on you?”
Hu Tao glanced nervously to the side. “Uh…of course not!”
Yanfei laughed again, and wiped away a tear before continuing. “I’m sorry if I scared you, that really wasn’t my intention. I just thought it was ridiculous you were being persecuted over a harmless joke and figured I should do something to help. I may have also wanted an excuse to finally meet you in person.”
“I-I’m flattered…I didn’t realize I had a fan. You can have an autograph, if you would like.” Hu Tao relaxed into her chair, but there was still a furious blush coloring her face.
“No need! I’ll need you to sign some papers anyways.” Yanfei swiftly pulled a contract out of her desk and slid it across the table. “Sign here, here, initial here, sign here, initial here again, sign here again, and you’re done!”
Hu Tao only sat there and blinked at Yanfei. She really did seem kind of like Zhongli, but a lot cuter and a lot more fun. “Do you mind repeating that slowly?”
“Whoops! Sorry, sometimes I forget that not everyone is familiar with this process. So, sign right here…” Yanfei patiently pointed to each spot Hu Tao was supposed to sign, and waited for her to finish before moving on to the next one.
“All done!” She clapped her hands together and leaned back in her chair. She looked around, and gasped when she looked out the window. “It’s already dark outside?? When did that happen?”
“Did I make you miss an appointment?” Hu Tao stood to leave, but Yanfei waved her back down.
“No, I have nothing else planned for tonight, I just didn’t realize I was keeping you so late.”
“It’s fine! Thank you again for the discount and for helping me out with all of this. It’s a huge weight off of my shoulders. Is there anything I can do to repay you?”
Yanfei thought for a moment, tapping her finger on her lip. Her face lit up when she finally thought of something. “Take me to dinner at your favorite restaurant in Liyue!”
Hu Tao stared at her in shock. “L-like a date?”
“If you want it to be,” Yanfei responded, a smile playing at her lips.
Hu Tao nodded, the red stain of a blush making its way from her cheeks and down her neck. “I think that would be nice, but I don’t really go out to eat…”
Yanfei raised her eyebrows at that remark. “Oh, of course! I’m sure the auspicious director of the Wengsheng Funeral Parlor is much too busy to indulge herself in those ways.”
“Are you making fun of me?”
“Not at all! I’m sorry if it came off that way. I genuinely value the work you do. Few people in Liyue have the guts to pursue such a profession.”
Archons, was it getting hot in that room? Hu Tao thought so, as the fiery heat that was trapped under her hat began to make her sweat. “Thank you,” she responded shyly. “I was born into this profession, but it still is hard work. That’s why my consultant, Mr. Zhongli, ends up doing much more than what’s in his job description to help out. He usually makes meals for the both of us.”
“That’s so sweet!” Yanfei’s eyes lit up. “You’re so lucky! I wish I didn’t have to stumble around in the kitchen after work every day.”
“Well, there’s usually always leftovers, so if you would like to avoid your nightly kitchen stumbling, I would really like it if you could join us.” Hu Tao couldn’t help but smile, proud of how smooth she was, and charmed by Yanfei’s infectious grin.
“I would like that, as well. Shall we go?”
——
“Welcome back, Director Hu. I trust your meeting with Yanfei went well,” Zhongli asked from the kitchen that was tucked away into the corner of the funeral parlor. Once the two women entered the room, he finally turned around to face them, and a look of surprise crossed his face. “Oh! She’s here!”
Yanfei giggled. “I hope it isn’t too much trouble, but I was wondering if I could join you two for dinner tonight? Director Hu told me this is her favorite restaurant.”
Zhongli chuckled under his breath. “Of course! However, if Director Hu was struggling to find ideas, she could have always come to me for restaurant recommendations.”
“Yeah, yeah, yeah, I know,” Hu Tao jested, rolling her eyes. “I just figured since you’re already making dinner, this would have the shortest wait time.”
Zhongli had his back to her again, as he was tending to the soup he was making, but Hu Tao knew he was probably holding back a laugh or rolling his eyes or making fun of her in his head in some way. It wasn’t her fault that this was the first time she had taken anyone home…
Hu Tao led Yanfei to the sitting area of the parlor, and they sat awkwardly on the hot-so-comfy couch that was honestly meant to be more of a decoration than anything someone should sit on.
“Does Mr. Zhongli always make you dinner,” Yanfei asked, swinging her legs.
Hu Tao shrugged passively. “Most of the time, unless he’s meeting with clients for dinner.”
Soon enough, their dinner was ready, and they sat at a small table in the kitchen.
“Well, I will take my meal home if that’s alright with you. I’m sure you two would enjoy some privacy.” Zhongli headed towards the door, taking his bowl of soup with him.
“You should stay! I’ve heard you’re knowledgeable in all things, and I wouldn’t mind putting that to the test.” Yanfei smiled at him, leading him back to the table.
Zhongli chuckled. “Well, I wouldn’t say I’m knowledgeable in all things. For example, the Anemo Archon from Mondstat. I know little to nothing about him, and I couldn’t care less.”
A violent gust threw the window open, and Yanfei shrieked, clinging to Hu Tao’s arm.
“Whoops. I shouldn’t make jokes like that,” Zhongli laughed as he closed the window.
Hu Tao laughed along with him, gazing at Yanfei, who was still attached to her arm. “Are you alright?”
Yanfei realized how tightly she was gripping Hu Tao’s arm, and a blush spread over her face. “Oh, yes. I’m fine. The timing was just a little…”
“I understand. Strange things like that do happen here from time to time,” Hu Tao giggled, before clapping her hands. “Let’s eat!”
“So, Mr. Zhongli. Do you have any funny stories Director Hu may not have the courage to tell me about,” Yanfei asked after swallowing a mouthful of soup, a smirk playing at her lips.
“W-what’s that supposed to mean?” Hu Tao cried indignantly, nudging her on the shoulder.
“You know, like when you take someone home and your mom starts flipping through your baby pictures with them. That kind of stuff.”
“I apologize. I have no such baby pictures to show you.” Zhongli began. “However, I do remember when a certain someone stole Xinqiu’s notebook because she was cross about losing one of their rap-battles.”
Yanfei’s face lit up. “You have rap battles with your friends? Can I join sometime? I need to polish my skills if I ever want to make a rap career a reasonable backup plan.”
Hu Tao struggled not to spit out the soup in her mouth. She swallowed painfully and was finally allowed to let out a laugh. “Yeah! I warn you though, Xingqiu plays dirty, and he’ll come after every person you love.”
“Sounds exciting!”
They continued with the banter long after their meals finished, sharing stories about their daily lives, hobbies, and anything else they could think of. Zhongli seemed to be having a good time, too, but he retired for the night long before Yanfei and Hu Tao did, and they continued talking late into the night. Somewhere along the way, they moved themselves outside, taking seats on the steps leading to the funeral parlor, the warm lights from the still-bustling streets of Liyue illuminating their faces.
“Say, Yanfei. Can I ask you a question?”
Yanfei perked up. “Sure! What is it?”
“I know you said you offered me a discount because you liked my sense of humor, but is that really the only reason? Did you happen to have this exact scenario in mind?”
Yanfei laughed nervously, rubbing the back of her neck. She has been caught. “Maybe. I wasn’t expecting Mr. Zhongli to cook for me or anything, but I was interested in spending some time with you.”
Hu Tao looked away, slightly flustered. “Why do you want to spend time with me, specifically? Seems ironic for an immortal half-illuminated beast to want to spend time with someone who is constantly surrounded by death.”
Yanfei raised her eyebrows, and Hu Tao could see her retreat into her mind, absorbed in her own thoughts. “There is something that drew me to you, but it’s a bit…strange. Do you believe in reincarnation?”
It was Hu Tao’s turn to be surprised. “I’m not sure. Why?”
“I’m not sure if it was a dream or a memory, but I feel like I’ve met you before. From what I can recall, you made a great sacrifice on my behalf. I’m not certain it really happened, but I would like to return the favor if I can.”
Hu Tao nodded silently. “So you’re repaying a debt?”
Yanfei bit back a smile. “Not quite…this is a little more selfish than that, I think. I got to spend some time with you, after all.”
Hu Tao hoped Yanfei couldn’t see her blush under the dim lights from other buildings, but given the way Yanfei was affectionately smiling at her, she probably could. “Well, just in case we were close before, we should probably get reacquainted now. Y’know, just to be safe.”
Yanfei giggled, sliding her hand on top of Hu Tao’s. “I think we should, too. Just to be safe.”
Hu Tao leaned in, her heart racing faster than it ever had before. She snuck a quick peck on Yanfei’s cheek, pulling away immediately as though she was trying not to get caught.
Yanfei looked at her with wide eyes, before bursting into laughter.
Hu Tao felt her face go red. “Don’t laugh at me! I got caught up in the moment!”
Yanfei took some deep breaths in between giggles, wiping a tear from her eye. “Sorry, that was just so cute! Come here.” She cupped Hu Tao’s face with her hands, pulling her in for a real kiss.
Hu Tao had never experienced this sensation before. That never stopped her from giving Xingqiu advice on kissing, but now she realized it was much different than she imagined. Yanfei’s mouth was soft and warm, and that invited her to deepen the kiss. After a few breathless moments, they pulled away, smiles on both of their faces. There was a glowing warmth building in Hu Tao’s chest, and in that moment she really did believe that they had known each other for a long, long time.
Perfect days don’t come often, though when they do, they are meant to be savored.
Hello once again so this story I'm making is my headcanon and it's Izuku's birthday type also their in their first year at UA also I don't like writing Kacchan so on with the story words: over 2000
(third-person POV)
Today is July 15th to most people will think so what it's just another day but today is Izuku Midorya's birthday his 16th birthday to be exact now a little background information nobody at UA knows it's his birthday except an explodey boy Katsuki Bakugou and the teachers would know if they looked in his student files especially Aizawa but he's too lazy to look through them but if he did he would know a lot of stuff but let's go back to understand why nobody knows it's his birthday.
It all started back on Izuku's 4th birthday the day izuku was deemed quirkless once izuku learned that of course, he told his so-called friends and well they didn't like that izuku was quirkless the only one who was ok with it was katsuki at first until he didn't and that's when everything went down hill for are broccoli boy nobody wanted to come to his birthday anymore because he was quirkless the only people who came to his birthday party was katsuki his parents and inko no one else came and that when on until his 7th birthday when he told his mother I don't want to have a birthday party anymore at first inko was at first saying "are you sure hunny" and he replied "yes mom I don't want to anymore" and so inko applied with his request and so izuku never had a birthday party after seven but on his birthday izuku always found a present on his window seal (in my head they live in a one-story house instead of an apartment) it was never labeled on who it was from but the present was always amazing and as he got older he stopped telling people when his birthday was even when he got to UA he didn't tell anybody.
Now let's move on to the present time it's twenty minutes into the class and izuku is not in class now you must be wondering where is he well he slept through his alarm clock he tends to forget it's his birthday the night before the only reason he remembers it's his birthday is because of his mom and so izu worked his ass off until he passed out and on top of that he forgot it was a school night and so that means he slept through his alarm and now is in a frantic parade(?) to get ready now, back to the class Aizawa is teaching them English right about now most of the class was getting worried about izuku but are local boom boom boy is currently having a mental crisis let's peek into his mind shall we "where the hell is this damn nerd" "come on Deku" "where the hell are you" well it seems he's freaking out right now so is izu close friends mostly uraraka and iida and aizawa was to but you can't tell he just looks annoyed and then all of the sudden you could hear a sound that sounded like horses stampeding through a field and that's when the door busted open and there was the resident bone breaker came through heaving like hell and basically the hole class was worried for him because of aizawa would give him a punishment worse than hell because he is 30 minutes late Aizawa is relieved that he's ok(dadzawa moments) "problem child care to explain why you are late" and right when he was about to explain what happened that's when the angry pomeranian stood up and walked in front of the class the whole class just sat there confused same with Aizawa izu on the other hand just was confused" what the hell is kaachan doing" as soon as he was in the front he pulled his hands out of his pockets and got ready to do an explosion the class was ready for the attack Aizawa was about to erase his quirk when he saw something in his hands was a smoke bomb and not any ordinary smoke bombs it was those colorful ones and with that Aizawa decided to stand down and see what he was going to do and at that same time he exploded them and a burst of color went everywhere and with all of his might he yelled at the top of his lungs "HAPPY BIRTHDAY IZUKU" and with that everybody froze for a split second then they all looked and izu and had the same thought "it's Izuku/Deku/Midoriya/Problem child's birthday" while izuku was frozen stiff kat was kinda having a freak out again and started freaking out, even more, when izuku started crying it was slow at first but started to be more constant and Then he fell to the floor still crying and Kat did the most reasonable thing he could think of. He ran to Izu and asked him if he was ok " damnit Izuku are you ok I shouldn't have done that" which shocked the class even more including Aizawa. (I imagine that izu would have slight PTSD from the explosions)
At first, izuku couldn't speak because he was crying too much but he was shocked because thee Bakugou Katsuki was trying to calm him down and let's not get started on the class let's just say Class 1-gay EXE has stopped working and is pending for a reboot (I'm sorry I just find this funny) about five minutes later is when izuku calmed down enough and Class 1-gay was functioning again kat was the first one to talk "Zuzu are you ok" In a very calming voice with teary eyes izuku looked at kat and said "thank you kat I can't believe you remembered it's my birthday I even forgot that it was today" while wiping his tears away now everyone had to double-take two reasons one izuku called bakugou kat instead of kacchan two he forgot his BIRTHDAY even katsuki was shocked that Izuku forgot his birthday.
Kat just looked at him and smiled "you're welcome izu and I wouldn't forget your birthday I never have even when you stopped having birthday parties" with a rare smile that made everyone drop their mouths to the floor and when kat said those words something clicked in izuku's mind "you're the one who left those presents on my window seal aren't you" when izu said those words kat got a blush and avoided eye contact with izuku "yeah those were from me izu" with a smile that rivaled the sun izuku thanked him "thank you so much for those presents they were always the best" and kat's blush got even darker at that and that's when the class made themselves known again the class cooed at them for being cute mina was fangirling along with uraraka momo Hagakure even Aizawa had a smile on but it was hidden by his scarf and was calling the moment cute and let's say there are two tomatoes on the floor mostly because they forgot the class was there but the sentence that came out of Aizawa shocked the whole class" alright problem children you can have the rest of the day off to celebrate izuku's birthday and kid happy birthday" and with that Aizawa left to do something and would not be back until later (he totally went to mic and allmight to tell them it was his birthday and then they got presents for him dad moments) that shocked the class mostly because Aizawa doesn't do this and if you know Aizawa this is rare he would most definitely expel them on the spot but that shock didn't last for long that's when everyone made their way to izuku they were either telling him happy birthday or giving him hugs pats on the back and so on that when they started heading back to the dorms ( I don't exactly know when they moved into the dorms all I know is that it happened after bakugou got kidnaped I think it been a while since I watched it so sorry if I got it wrong) when they got to the dorms they threw on some music kat and sato went to the kitchen kat was on food making and sato was doing the cake some people went to momo to get something made for Izuku class-1A was just having fun and celebrating Izuku's birthday Mic Aizawa Allmight Inko and the bakugou's came to the dorms a little while later(Allmight got permission to let inko on grounds and she invited masaru and mitsuki) and Izuku was having a wonderful birthday one of his best sense he was deemed quirkless and he will always hold this day dear to him no matter, what everyone gave him presents and they had cake and intoald they had fun but there was one person that didn't give him a present yet and it was kat some people started getting worried about that but kat had his own plan when know one was paying attention he pulled izuku away to outside under the stars izu confused was an understatement but before izu could do anything he was cut off by kat with a box that had a green and orange bow "zuku here" with hesitation he grabbed the box and opened it and in the box was a necklace with a green and red stone in a pattern that went green and red and that had an engraving on it K&amp;I he looked up to him and saw him holding out the same necklace that was on his neck but the stones were red then green and the engraving was I&amp;K and izuku started to cry once again (he cried to many times today like when he was getting his presents from the others) before kat could ask him why he's crying he got pulled down to the ground by izuku jumping on him and saying thank you so many times it made his head spin he managed to sit up and when he did sit up fully izuku was calmed down enough "kat could you put this on for me" he was still sniffling when he said that "sure zuku just give it to me" izuku compiled and give it to him and he put it on izuku when it was on izuku emired it "it's so beautiful kat" "I was hoping you would like it and listen i'm sorry I was such a dick to you in middle school I shouldn't have done that to you" "katsuki its ok its in the past now and i don't care about it anymore im just happy you never forgot about me" "I would never forget about you zuzu" he said while putting his head on izukus and they spent a good while out there before they heard mama inko call them and they went inside and spent the rest of the party together just having fun and when the party ended the when to izuku's room and just talked and had fun the next morning you would see them cuddling each other with content looks on there faces.
~~~~~~~~~THE END~~~~~~~~~

He is late.
Of course is is. Expecting something else would be plain stupid. But still in the corners of his soul a small bit of hope lingered. The bit that died when he stepped on the grounds of the Wayne manor.
The smell hits him first. He can’t believe that she still uses the same shampoo he remembers. Same. Cognac and cinnamon. One very unexpected smell for a shampoo and in his head it’s her smell altogether. It’s unique just like her.
She’s sipping from a tea cup as the morning light caresses her features and she shivers slightly as a gust of wind plays with her hair. It’s long now reaching past the middle of her back. It’s wavy and still the same dark colour boarding on purple. Her eyes are closed with her head turned towards the sun as she’s sitting at an iron table forged with an intricate design.
She’s wearing a plain pair of jeans and a dark-blue t-shirt. Funny flip-flops are finishing the morning number. They are bright green and he things it’s so different from what she’d usually choose but it also flatters him this green colour.
Looking at her now, so serene, all he wants to do is touch her face, the column of her neck, her shoulders…the thoughts of her never left…not while he was away, leaving and putting thousands of miles between them didn’t help. But he had to do it, had to subject himself to it. Probably the way he left was wrong, without even leaving a note, turning the phone off, creating a nothing in a place where he used to be.
She doesn’t see or sense him. He’s too stealth now. Five years didn’t go to waste in that department.
He’s been staring long enough when he finally decides to come out of the hiding place made of the rich flora of the millionaire’s grounds when his ears deduct a noise, it’s light but it’s getting closer. A pair of overly light feet drumming on the pavement.
This is the noise she does hear or more likely senses it with a sixth sense because her head snaps in the direction of the backdoor of the huge mansion and her lips instantly curl up in the biggest smile.
Gar takes a step back, the one he’s made just a second before. His eyes sharpen and he watches a small child of not more than three or four years of age with brown hair neatly arranged in two pigtails run out of the compounds of the Wayne Castle.
Rachel gets up only to fall to her knees as the little girl almost tackles her to the ground, both of them laughing. She hugs the child with such tenderness that it might have hurt if it wasn’t so heartfelt.
“Daya! Where are…” The voice slices through the picture and both girls look up.
Gar watches his former leader, a teammate and a friend walk into the yard grinning at the two, his eyes sparkling. Dick Greyson hasn’t really changed much, he’s a bit over thirty now so it’s still the same age gap. If anything he looks better, more accomplished and maybe even more relaxed. Beast Boy can’t really tell from one glance. But the change is obviously there.
“I was looking everywhere for you, young lady.” He tells the little girl with an attempt of being strict. But he fails miserably as the corners of his thin lips raise up on their own accord.
That’s when Rachel stands up picking the girl up with her, placing the child on her hip s she does so.
“Were you, Richard?” She asks and smiles at Dick as well while the girl giggles and hides her head into Raven’s shoulder.
“You’re ganging up on me again?” Nightwing nods in understanding, pretending to be offended.
“Maybe a little…” Rachel offers and grins.
“Makes me so sad.” He replies without skipping a bit.
“Noooo!” The small girl in Rachel’s arms cry out and her hands stretch out to the man in front of them. “Don’t be sad daddy!”
“Ohhh this is my girl…” Dick takes the girl from Rachel and while she doesn’t see sticks a tongue out in Raven’s direction.
“Smartass.” She mutters. “I could make that tongue of yours disappear, you know? Send it somewhere where the sun doesn’t shine. At all.”
“Daya, heard that? She wants to take away my tongue away!” Dick says to the girl in his arms who’s name is obviously Daya.
“Mommy no! You can’t!” She breathes out and both his ex-teammates find it way too adorable.
“You love me anyway.” Nightwing gives a pointed look at Rachel as if he’s proven some kind of point.
“Pfff. Wouldn’t count on it.” She smirks shaking her head at his antics but follows the two when Dick turned to go back inside the house

Gar’s compose is all but gone. Mommy and daddy? Rachel and Dick? How…well probably he knows exactly how but….
They are a picture of a perfect family. Something none of them, not a single one of the titans, ever had. The two of them do now.
And he’s just standing in the bushes of somebody else’s house and watches the love of his life living her best life with the other man. He should be happy for her. For THEM because Dick is a friend as well. But he’s not happy for them. Not in the least. He simply can’t be.
He’s hollow. And he feels the traitorous tears burning at the back of his eyes. Tears he can’t allow. Tears he doesn’t deserve to shed.
BeastBoy takes another look at the back door where the family has used and he’s still not sure what to do next.
Everything he’s known and expected has just went to hell.

Flashback/Meeting Part 1
As I am looking out the window, I think back to the day I first met Andrew.
Flashback Five years earlier...
I am looking out of the window at all of the kids playing in the humid sun shining seventy-five degrees weather. I feel bad for them because they think making friends is the only thing they need to worry about.
Ha! That is laughable! I feel a change in the air. I look around and am greeted by a black-haired dark blue almost black-eyed kid that looks a little older than me.
I tilt my head and ask, "What are you doing here?" He seems shocked that I could see him, but it only lasts a couple of seconds. He tilts his head the same way I did. His face went from shock to now curious about something.
He asks after a couple of minutes, "
    Who are you?" 
  I sigh a little annoyed and respond, "
    One, I asked first. Two, I can ask the same thing about you.
This is my room and you somehow got in here without using the door or window. So I ask again, who are you?" 
  He seems half curious and now half amused. He laughs and bows while saying, "
    Andrew Clay Shadow at your service, and I got in your room by using the shadows.
Now can you please answer my question? Who are you and how can you see me?"
   I narrow my eyes at his vague response and then sigh and answer, "
    M
    y name is Aideen Estelle Potter and I do not know how I can see you. Can normal people not see you?
  "
He looks surprised at my name and then shakes his head at my question. "
    No, normal people can not see me. Only certain witches or wizards with a special and rare power can.
You happen to be one of them to have that power." I scrunch my face up in confusion. "But I thought magic does not exist.
At least that is what Matron says that when I ask about the strange things that happen when kids try to bully or mess with me.
Did the matron lie to me? I do not like liars. She will have to be punished for that. Nobody lies to me and gets away with it.
  "
He nods at my question and then looks half shocked that I sound like a psychopath and I am only five and a half, but relieved that I am not a goody goody and let people manipulate and walk all over me.
He says, "
    I will teach you all about the different kinds of magic. You will learn it all. Even the banned, forgotten, and forbidden ones.
  " I nod my head in understanding.
FLASHBACK OVER...
And he did as he said he would. He taught me all kinds of magic. My favorites were potions and the dark arts. Drew(Andrew) was not surprised when I told him that. I was jolted out of my thoughts when he started to speak.
"Since it is a month before your eleventh birthday, we should go to Gringotts to get an inheritance and blood or magic test done. You might find things out that surprise you or things that will connect the dots on issues you have been the thing to figure out."
I nod my head. Ever since I first met Drew he has been growing with me. Every year he looks older. Now he looks like he is thirteen or fourteen. He is kinds of cute though.
"When I go to Hogwarts, are you going to come with me or stay here at the orphanage?" I ask. Drew thinks for a second then replies, "I will probably go with you to Hogwarts to keep you company."
I smile genuinely. I only do that in private with Drew. He chuckles at my enthusiasm. After talking for another thirty minutes, we finally get up and get ready to go to Gringotts.
It is run by goblins and they have their own language and greetings. The language is called Gobbledygook. Drew already taught me it.
Most magical people do not respect them and give them if at all the bare minimum of respect they deserve.
I put my permanently dyed midnight blue to light blue hombre hair in a half up half down hairstyle.
My outfit is a black and white striped long sleeve, a black skirt, white knee socks, and black ankle boots. Drew was wearing black ripped jeans, a white plain t-shirt, all-black converses, and a leather jacket.
His black hair now looks dark blue. When I found a spell that permanently dyes your hair a certain color and it does not fade like normal hair dye does until you do the spell again to change the color Drew decided to get midnight blue to match his eyes and my hair.
He told me that the spell does not cancel or change it someone tries to cancel it either Finite Incantem. I thought that that was cool and slightly weird that someone would try to cancel a spell because of the person's hair color, but oh well.
We get out of Wool's Orphanage in under ten minutes. We had to make a pit stop. I had to tell the matron, ugh she is so corrupt and disgusting, that I was going out and do not expect me until late or early morning.
I had a feeling that Headmaster Dumbledore messed with my magic and life far Moore than we already found. I only said that I was going because she can not see Drew.
It is a shame. I could scare her by letting him jump out of the shadows at her like he wants to. That would be wasted because alas she can not see him.
We get out of that dreadful place and walk towards the Leaky Cauldron. Drew starts to complain halfway into the walk, but I shut him up with a single look.
Apparently, my death glare can intimidate the bravest of people. At least that is what Drew says, I do not get it but oh well, I take pride in that.
The Leaky Cauldron is a thirty-minute walk from the orphanage. I do not mind though. I like the exercise and the fresh, not polluted or dreadful air. Drew does not though.
"You know you can apparate there using your shadows right? You do not have to walk there with me." I remind him. He looks appalled at the thought of me being left all alone.
He responds, "You are a young beautiful girl. Many people in this world and town would want to take advantage of that and you.
So I will protect you from them. No matter how long I have to walk." I roll my eyes at his antics. He thinks of me like I am some damsel in distress character that needs saving.
When we actually get to the Leaky Cauldron, we go up to the bartender, Tom. He looks at me but then notices the lightning scar on my wrist when I pushed a few strands of my hair out of my face.
His eyes widened and his mouth dropped wide open. He then suddenly yells, "Are you, Aideen Potter?" I nod my head politely while my face is in a calm and impassive mask.
Everyone stopped what they were doing to stare at us or more specifically me. Everybody broke out in hushed whispers. Tom comes from behind the counter to shake my hand. That prompts everybody else to stand up and do the same.
Even a mysterious Professor Quirrel, who I immediately noticed faked his stutter. I swear I saw a red flash to his eyes. He looked behind me like he expected someone.
When I turned around to look all I saw behind me was Drew. Oh! Maybe he is one of those people who can see him. That would be cool!
*ALL CHAPTERS ARE OVER A THOUSAND WORDS LONG*
As the sun started to rise and illuminate the British army's Georgia front, a brunette left the dormitory with pace and a tint of hastiness. The only thing slowing him down was the metal bucket that kept hitting his knees, giving him a short-term freeze each time it did as it was left outside the whole night. The bucket contained one used-up lavender soap, his spare underwear, and a pair of dirty white socks.
When he finally arrived at his destination, which was the enclosure wall of the military area, he eyed his surroundings and was relieved to encounter the silence he was used to during the early hours of the day. There was another hour for all the other soldiers to wake up even though he was late to wake up that day. As he observed the visual field of the watchmen during his first few days and made a few calculations in his head, he also knew that he could not be seen when he followed his usual route. In addition, they would be focused on the danger coming from outside, not inside. So, using the secret passageway he discovered at the end of his first week here, he made his way towards the woods.
It was a ten-minute walk at most, but with the guilt of succumbing to his desire to sleep, he kept his steps faster than usual. As George began to see the lake he paid a visit to every morning to get cleaned and recollect himself, his steps softened to not scare off the birds that were also taking their morning baths while chirping their "Good morning!" tunes to each other. George was the type of person to find joy in being alone; however, they were an exception.
He walked to his usual corner and put his bucket to one of the giant stones, unbuttoning the upper part of his British army military uniform that was one size big for his slim, yet athletic body. After folding his upper part of the uniform and putting it next to his bucket on the stone, his hands traversed to the buttons of his pants. As his hands were busy undressing the lower part of his body, his eyes averted forward with the scrunch of a tree branch. Suspecting it is a harmless animal coming from the woods to the lake to quench its thirst, George was not concerned a lot, but by following his military instincts, he stopped and hid behind a tree to continue undressing.
As he took off his pants and was left with a white sleeveless shirt and underwear, the source of the previous noises approached the lake. To George's surprise, rather than a deer, another man was the one to walk up to the lake with a bucket.
He could not help the urge to giggle while observing the man when the guy turned around to place his bucket on the ground and his idiotic smiley face mask became visible.
Should he be concerned? George, despite his color blindness and the distance between them, tried to analyze the man further. Surmising the man was wearing the pajamas he slept with the previous night, the best guess of the brunette was that he was coming from a nearby town.
The lake was located right in the middle of the Mississippi territory, which was at the hands of the United States, and Georgia, occupied by the United Kingdom troops. As the war was less severe in Florida, which was the other neighboring state of the lake, George thought that the man could be coming from one of the towns situated there.
Just when he was about to cease on hiding, as he decided that the man may not a threat, and was even considering saluting him, the man removed his mask and put it aside. Oh, was he handsome?
George felt his mouth slightly open with shock, which was then replaced with panic as the man undressed, preparing to enter the lake. Debating if he should continue looking or not, his eyes remained on his target. He may fool himself into believing that he was still trying to make a decision, but it was clear that his beady dark eyes have already given their final verdict.
Thankfully, the man entered the river with his underwear. He could not be considered excessively muscular, but his wide shoulders and bare chest suggested that he was fond of sports and pretty vigorous.
The brunette doesn't know for how long he sat next to that tree, but the lake was fully illuminated by the sun when the man with dirty blond hair was done with the cleaning. As the guy gets dressed, George quickly recognized the uniform from the photos he took a look at on the newspapers that were always delivered three days late and only once or twice a week.
The dirty dark green uniform the man was wearing belonged to the United States army.
Unable to comprehend the fact that he has been eyeing the enemy, he felt his face getting painted red. He took his hands to his face and felt the warmth of pure embarrassment.
The man took his bucket and disappeared towards the woods, following the path he came from. George waited for a few minutes to be sure that the man left. Afterward, he stood up and took off his clothes except for his underwear, blushing over the thought of almost seeing a guy he has never seen before completely naked.
He gave his face a quick, splashy wash as if he was trying to erase the footprints of shame. He filled the bucket with freezing water as he soaped it all over his body, being careful to not pollute the lake with the bubbles of soap as much as possible. He then poured the bucket of water from his head, shivering while doing so. After giving his normally fluffy, black hair a brief shake to get rid of water more easily and expedite the drying of his hair, he got dressed.
Whilst buttoning his uniform, he was thinking if he should continue coming to the lake or not. He despised the thought of showering with all the other soldiers, remembering the incident.
He decided that he would rather shower with the enemy and made his way back to the front.
"You ready to catch?" Uraraka asked, having completed the grip test but not yet having let go of the machine because she couldn't release the gravity without letting it fly so far that if it wasn't caught it would smash on the floor.
"Yes, I shall do my best to catch it." Responded Iida. The plan was to have her let go and then when it was safely in Iida's hands Uraraka would release her quirk so it wouldn't crash to the floor. She'd approached Iida partially because he was one of the tallest in the class, but mainly because they had already interacted and it was far less daunting to ask him.
This was a decision she came to regret, as Iida had interpreted 'unaffected by gravity' to mean 'floats at reasonable heights and speeds' as opposed to 'affected by every force except gravity' which meant he didn't quite realise how few tries he was going to have. This was illustrated by him accidentally sending it flying diagonally upwards with one slightly off-kilter attempt to catch it.
"Oh no." When Uraraka would later remember this moment she wouldn't be entirely sure whether it had been her or Iida who had said that. It didn't matter in the moment, both of them immediately turned to follow the grip test machine with their eyes.
The flying grip test had been noticed by another of their classmates which they did not notice until suddenly tape reached up from the floor, caught the grip test machine and changed it's course just enough to stop it from hitting the ceiling tiles and drove it straight into a support beam going across the ceiling and promptly taped it there.
"Oh no."
Tommy laughs, not as big or loud as it could have been, but at least it was better than nothing. But Purpled smiles at him, violet eyes flashing with what looks suspiciously like happiness, and they continue down the smooth concrete road, fading into a comfortable silence. It’s nice. Getting away from everything. Being able to just live for once, go somewhere without haunting words and echoing explosions following him.
They walk up to the fountain, the centerpiece of Las Nevadas, and both look into the dark water, lit up with soft blue sea lanterns. While anyone else might’ve seen two homeless children, battered and covered in varying layers of filth, they saw the warm glow of childhood, sweet words and laughter hidden behind the unruly surface.
It had been so long since either of them had even talked to each other, but after so many years of shouting and yelling and fighting, the silence was welcomed by both.
But finally, Tommy speaks, his reflection moving alone with it as he does. “Hey, I just wanted to say thank you. For this, I mean,” he says, and Purpled gives him a winning smile.
“It’s no problem, man, I’ve been a little lonely out here anyway.” His smile fades a bit and a small pool of sadness shines through his cheery demeanor as he turns from the fountain to look at the city around them.
Everything is bathed in neon lights, harsh pinks and dark blues washing over them, melding together into an eerie purple. The sky is clear, and the moon full, but the light pollution prohibits any sort of stargazing. They stand there anyway, content to just exist for once, with nothing hindering their peace.
Tommy reminisces about old times, when he, Tubbo, and Purpled would go up to Puffy and pester her until she gave them money, and then they would run down to Niki’s bakery to drown in sugary sweetness. Back when everything was simple. Back when his view on his home wasn’t tainted with violent explosions, burning fire, and smoky ash. Back when Tubbo still cared about him. Speak of the devil and he shall come…
A noise to his left startled him out of his reverie, pulling him away from cinnamon buns and smiles and back to the cold desert night. A voice, bright and cheery, talking to a shadowy figure, hidden from his sight. His heart twists, and he clenches his fists, unable to turn away from the sight before him. He looks so happy…
Tubbo stands before him, barely ten metres away, laughing at something Quackity?? said, his face scrunched up in happiness, blue eyes sparkling under the artificial lights. He feels sick, torn between the fact that Tubbo looks so happy without him and the comforting realization that Ranboo is nowhere to be seen.
Thankfully, Purpled seems to notice his discomfort, and after a quick glance at Tubbo he understands why. Grabbing Tommy’s wrist, he pulls them away from the fountain and starts dragging him towards the desert hills. It’s cold out, the desert night wreaking havoc on his exposed skin as they go on, goosebumps breaking out on his body when a light breeze brushes his hair back.
Still, they continue to walk, until the city is left far behind and the only sounds are their own breathing and soft footsteps across the cool sand. “Where are we going?” He asks softly, trying not to disturb the quiet atmosphere around them. Purpled doesn’t answer, only tugs him forward with a light yank on his wrist, keeping up a brutal pace until they crest the last hill.
The view before him is breathtaking, with sprawling forests layed out under the jagged rocks they stand on, the sky a dark canvas speckled with thousands of bright dots, stretching into infinity, the only thing to break the illusion being the moon, full and illustrious compared to the tiny stars beside it. It was something he didn’t know he needed, so he just gawked at it, in awe of the beautiful landscape surrounding him.
Purpled just chuckles, sitting on the edge of the cliff with his feet dangling off the side, in a somewhat precarious manner. He doesn’t seem to mind it, however, and Tommy lies down beside him (slightly farther away from the edge) and just stares up. The soft moonlight illuminates his face, his eyes reflecting the bright specks above them in a slightly distorted way, his hands clutching at the dewy grass around them, feeling the cool water across his palms.
Neither of them say anything, silence being a greater comfort than anything else, and Purpled leans back as well, laying his head beside Tommy’s. The quiet persists for some time, though it slowly comes to an end with a soft-spoken, “I miss this.” Tommy stiffens.
“Yeah. So do I,” he replies thickly, swallowing the growing lump in his throat.
“Do you remember the stars that Puffy showed us?” Purpled asks, and Tommy offers a light grin.
“How could I not, she drilled it into my head.”
Purpled laughs, “Yeah, same here. I will never forget the moment Tubbo spoke in the middle of her lesson, I’ve never seen anyone that scary before.” He was lying. Of course he had seen worse things, horrible, awful things, but it was nice to pretend that the only problems they faced were Puffy’s scolding. Tommy points up silently, at a cluster of stars too bright to be mistaken for anything other than XD, the mythical God of the SMP.
He supposedly represents strict justice, fairness and neutrality, all of the things he had never experienced on the SMP before. Tommy smiles again, this time laced with bitterness as he stares into the sky above. Only fitting, how everything he wanted was in his sight, but he could never quite reach it. Wilbur was right. He would never be tall enough. His hand lowers from its position, landing on his hair. Fingering the white streak in it, he wonders what would have happened if he had said no to it all. If he had run away into the woods with Purpled, content to see the stars every night instead of the damning fireworks and explosions that never seemed to go away.
And Purpled, ever the empath, once again sees his friend wrapped up in his own mind, brows furrowed in frenzied concentration as he debates his choices. “Stop,” he says, sitting up to look down at Tommy. Tommy glances at him, eyes alight with confusion.
“What?” He responds, his face creased once more, though this time out of bewilderment rather than spiraling thoughts.
“Don’t think like that. You can’t change the past. Unless you’re Karl, that is, which you are definitely not,” Purpled says, evoking a small smile out of the taller boy. He searches Tommy’s eyes carefully, and after a quick reassurance that the intruding thoughts are gone, lies down once more. But this time, instead of a peaceful silence, he begins to point out all of the constellations, describing each one’s purpose in great detail, even though Tommy already knows all of them.
The sun is slowly starting to rise by the time they finish talking, painting the world in soft hues of pink and orange, highlighting the bags on their faces, though neither mind as they slowly rise to their feet, wiping wet hands on pants and giving one last look at the valley before them before heading back to Las Nevadas.
The grass quickly changed to sand, and they were once again climbing over hills of sand, the sun thankfully not high enough in the air to cause discomfort. And suddenly, there it was, in all it’s magnificent glory; Las Nevadas, though it looked less ghastly than it did in the dark, and more welcoming. Yet despite its comforting demeanor, Purpled could still sense Tommy’s apprehension towards the place, especially when he sees Tubbo standing in front of the restaurant, Quackity talking animatedly while he stands off to the side patiently.
Quickly, he grabs Tommy’s shoulder, internally cringing at how tense he is, and steers him away from the city, towards the Nether portal a few metres away. The obsidian structure looms tall, purple particles swirling around it lazily while the body of the portal is a mass of thrumming amethyst energy, shining bright violet as they get closer, soft crackles and pops emitting from it in an erratic fashion. They both step up into it, and after the slightly painful process of crossing dimensions is completed, start walking through hell.
The heat in the Nether is far worse than any desert could be, but it doesn’t make them sweat, doesn’t burn their skin with its sheer blistering heat, but rather boils the blood on the inside, most likely causing some form of internal damage as they hop carefully from bridge to bridge, mismatched blocks and gaping holes glaring up at them mockingly.
Thankfully, nothing happens, and they make it to the hub with minimal effort, gratefully stepping through it with varying  degrees of relief.
When they finally exit the portal, a bit of time has passed, the sun higher in the air than it had been before and the birds were singing. Purpled grabs Tommy again, this time by the hand, and he even coaxes a slight grin out of him by the time they reach the McPuffys. He knocks on the door, praying to Prime that Puffy is there, and lets out a breath he didn’t realize he was holding when she walks up to the door and gives a sweet smile before unlocking it.
“Hey boys, what can I do for ya?” She inquires, leading them to their old spot. Tommy smiles now, genuinely, and orders his usual. Purpled scoffs slightly at that, at how years later Puffy still remembers their orders. But it’s lighthearted, he could never truly be mad at Puffy, not when she smiles so wide her eyes crinkle, or when Tommy finally gives in and lets out another laugh, like he did when they were talking about the stars, or when they all sit together at the table and eat, talking about everything and nothing at the same time.
And when they finally part, it’s only under the circumstance that they would do it again.
It’s a calm late west coast afternoon. The breeze is brisk, the sun is mellow and on the verge of being set, the sky is cascaded with a beautiful amalgamation of oranges and yellows that paint across the sky. A blue car pulls up to an apartment building and two fresh and energized bodies step out and start walking up the stairs nearby.
They keep walking, arguing over which door is correct until finally, they reach the door they’ve been looking for.
“Knock Knock knock”
Hustled feet hop up to action and start scurrying to the front door.
“YOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO”
The voice calls out from behind the door.
Seconds pass and the door clicks open, and swings open as well: “Yooooooooo…”
The young Juan smiles looking at the two standing at his door. He’s wearing a plain form fitting white and red T-shirt and some brown sweats for his indoor endeavors this night.
2 smiling idiots wearing almost matching thin-frame glasses and simple clothing with matching grey sweatpants as well stand before him: “A suhhhhhh dudeeee..” Zach greets first.
They both step inside: “Hello Hello Mr. Contractz.” Nicolaj nods as he follows Zach inside.
“Take your shoes off, we are clean around here.”
Juan shuts the door behind them and points to the shoe rack.
“So not to rush you or anything but what is the food situation looking like?” Nicolaj asks semi-politely as he bends to remove his shoes.
“You coulda had some of my bofa if you asked…” Zach chimes in quickly.
“Bofa? You mean boba?” Nicolaj responds without knowing what he just set in motion.
“Nah, bofa deez nuts, idiot!” Zach cracks up in laughter.
Juan joins in with some giggles and Nicolaj stands up, blinking with a 1000-yard stare.
“Well, was nice seeing you tonight, I’m just gonna go-“ Nicolaj bends back down and motions putting his shoes back on.
“Too fucking easy…” Zach cracks up some more as he walks further inside with Juan.
“Yeah yeah yeah…” The Dane mumbles and follows suit inside.
Nicolaj turns the corner and sees Juan in his kitchen, Zach has already made himself at home and thrown his body like a ragdoll across Juan’s couch: “Room for two?” The Dane mutters before jumping on him.
Zach barely has time to look up from his phone just to see the back of his favorite Dane flying towards him: “Ahhhhhhhhh!” He yelps in his signature high-pitched voice.
Nicolaj lands with a thud and they immediately start wrestling around: “Did that hurt?”
“Fuck you- jumping on me like that”
“Just say it hurt and I’ll stop…”
“Fucking- fuck you…”
Juan steps over sipping on some water: “Save the wrestling for later lover birds, food is coming in a few.” He interjects before sitting himself down on his other chair in the room.
“Get… off me!” Zach makes one last pitch to move his Danish dead weight off him and sits up.
Nicolaj fixes himself and they both lay opposite of each other on the couch, their legs on top of each other: “What we eating?” He asks after clearing his throat.
“Chinese. I know we all have eaten at this place before.”
“Ooh! Is this the place Reapered took us a little while ago?” Zach’s eyes light up.
“Yep!” Juan nods happily: “I haven’t eaten there in a while, so I hope it’s still good.”
Nicolaj eyes the remote for the tv on the coffee table in front of him and tosses it on Juan: “You touched the remote last, you put something on!” He blurts quickly.
Juan rolls his eyes: “Fine, we’ll watch what I’ve been binging on youtube lately.”
The two couch bound lovers watch Juan search through his recently watched: ‘More anime videos?” Zach guesses, settling in a bit more now that he’s comfortable.
“Good try.” Juan smirks: “But it’s actually not anime related this time.”
“Wowwwww, changing up on us I see…” Nicolaj smiles while adjusting his hair.
Juan finally finds it: “Ok food will be here in like 20 minutes; this should hold us over until then.” He leans back in his chair as the video buffers.
“Dashcam videos?” Zach asks with an eye raise.
“Sometimes they’re fun to watch and even more fun to judge too.” Juan explains: “Just watch.”
The three get engrossed in the video, wincing whenever they see something a bit too bad for their liking. They talk and bicker about a whole bunch of “what ifs” whenever either of them feels like they would have handled the situation differently when neither of them drive.
What seemed like 5 minutes soon turned into the video ending and as if on cue, Juan gets a text: “Foods here, he dropped it off at the door.” He grunts as he sits up and shuffles his way back to his front door.
“All im saying Is that if that last guy just wasn’t going like 20 miles over, he would have been fine.” Zach still continues on their conversation.
“You’re ignoring the part where that dumbass lady fucking sprints across the lane causing that dude to swerve into the building! It doesn’t matter how fast he would be going, he’s fucked and that building is fucked too.” Nicolaj retorts.
Zach sits up: “No, if you’re going like 10 or 15 miles, it’d just be like a scratch on both. Sure the car woulda been fucked harder than a brick building but it wouldn’t be like totally fucked ya know?”
Nicolaj rolls his eyes: “You’re totally fucked, ya know?” He imitates Zach’s voice.
They both lock gazes and Zach gives a quick light tap of his foot to the Dane’s knee: “I don’t like being insulted…” He pouts with his fake baby voice.
Nicolaj laughs and places both his feet on Zach’s thighs: “I don’t like being kicked Zachary…”
Before their awkwardly sexual teasing goes any further, Juan shuffles back in the room with his arms filled with food for everyone: “Shut up and help me…” He mumbles as he sets the food down.
The two sit up and help Juan unload their food for the night.
They get their plates full and all 3 get nice and comfy as they eat, their conversations much lighter and all the cheerier now that their full. They don’t eat too much but they get their fill in before they move on to anything else.
Juan looks up from his phone, each of them taking a moment to let everything sit in after eating, a good bit of the food still sits on the table, but neither of the three are eager to eat anymore: “Damn, I bought all this and you guys aren’t eating any more what the fuckkkk…” He groans, putting his plate down on the table.
Nicolaj stretches his arms up: “You’re the only one here who actively goes to the gym and does basic health maintenance, you should be eating more than us…” The frail Dane mumbles back.
Zach copies his couch buddy and stretches out too: “Yeah, we’re fucking sticks here, you got all the muscle Mr. Handsome strong man.”
Juan rolls his eyes and stands up. He joins in and stretches too, not before slapping his own stomach and lifting his shirt up some: “You see how I barely have abs? What do you think I do in the gym?”
Nicolaj and Zach each take a glance, Juan’s tan toned stomach looks better than they each thought originally. He’s got a nice V showing near his waist and his ribs have some slight showing on his skin as well too. He’s cleanly shaven also and has other bumps and ridges all over to show his lightly toned abs too: “Yeah yeah, you’re a fucking chad, we get it…” Zach giggles as he stands up, showing his stomach in the same manner.
Zach is straight flat, with a slight dip in showing off his thin body. He has no muscles to show and is a lighter pale shade too: “Cosplay body baby; twink body or riot is how I gotta go about it…” He giggles a bit.
Nicolaj joins in, showing his stomach as well: “Yeah yeah yeah, both of you at least have something good for you, all I got is skin and bones…” He mopes light-heartedly.
Nicolaj’s stomach is a bit paler than Zach’s, his as well being even thinner in showing, veins and tight skin showing every nook and cranny the Dane has from his ribs down.
Juan takes a moment to take the sight of his friends in. Sure, he’s seen them naked, they’ve shared a few experiences together, but it’s something about the build up and seeing them tease each other that gets him going: “Alright, anybody object to some movie watching since the sun is setting?” He coughs awkwardly as he breaks his own building tension.
Zach and Nicolaj both help clean up a bit and help Juan take the food to the kitchen: “Sure, lets at least make it interesting pleaseeee…” Zach wains.
“Horror?” Nicolaj piques, grabbing some water before heading back to the living room.
Juan closes his fridge and turns back too: “If we do horror, I got something to make it even more terrifying too…” He forms a soft smile as he remembers a little thing he bought last week that would be perfect for this.
“What we talking here Juanito?” Zach jumps back in his place on the couch, resting his feet on his Danish lover boy.
Nicolaj pans him a “wtf?” look and rolls his eyes, shoving his feet off his lap: “I may or may not have bought some edibles last week, if we are interested in that…” He raps his fingers together, standing behind the couch his guests are on.
“Im down for edibles, just not horror then. I don’t wanna be paranoid and get like no sleep for the rest of the week.” Nicolaj says first, looking at Zach blinking and thinking about the proposal.
“Yeahhhh, I’d rather watch a documentary or something if the dank kush is on the menu.” He beads his gaze up to Juan.
Juan smiles: “Sounds good to me, hold on one sec.” He shuffles back to his room.
Zach pans his gaze to Nicolaj: “When we all get high you think that…” He starts to say, his voice low.
“Maybe.” Nicolaj nods, understanding what he’s trying to say: “It’s not like I’d be against it either, look at him!” He mutters back quietly too.
Zach smiles: “Yeah, I know. Let’s take it slow though and build up. Like, as much talking and teasing as we can.”
Nicolaj nods: “Alright.” He licks his thin lips as Juan’s lean body flings back around the corner holding a colorful sealed bag: “I hope you guys like sour patch kids…” He booms as he slings the bag on the table in front of the two.
“Oh boy! Candy!!” Zach squeals with elation as he sits up and reaches for the bag: “So what’s a good amount to eat, I don’t fuck with eating these all that often…” He asks tearing the seal.
“For you, just uh, take one. You can always eat more if you’re not feeling it.” Nicolaj answers.
Zach takes a red one and munches it down: “Wow, these taste just like a fucking sour patch kid…” he giggles, tossing the bag to Nicolaj.
Nicolaj snags two and hands the bag to Juan who sits in the chair right next to the couch: “TWO candies Mr. Jensen, going a little crazy there aren’t you…” Zach’s eyes pop open as he gawks at his friend’s actions.
“I gotta one up you, of course.” He smirks as he munches the two pieces down.
Juan takes one and places the bag back on the center table: “Mr. stoner here has experience.” He giggles under his breath.
Nicolaj rolls his eyes: “I’m not a stoner, I just get high wayyy more than you two for sure. There’s others worse than me.”
“Who?” Zach asks, moving his feet back up to the Dane’s lap.
Nicolaj yanks his black ankle socks off and pushes his feet back off him: “Remember Adrian?”
Zach pauses for a second: “That janna/soraka one trick?”
“Yeahhhh, he got fucking lit on the daily dude. I don’t know how he got this far doing the shit he did.” Nicolaj laughs as he leans back into the couch.
“Was he high on stage? I think I remember him from Immortals, right?” Juan asks as he loads up Netflix.
Nicolaj teeters his head side to side thinking for a moment: “I think so, I wouldn’t know for sure, but I think that he had to of tried at least once, you know…”
“Would you ever try?” Zach injects quickly.
Nicolaj looks at Zach and narrows his gaze, his tiny ice blue eyes cutting through to Zach’s soul: “You think I haven’t already?” He rasps with a smile.
“Ohhhhh, that’s why you can’t ever press you ulti, you’re too fucking blazed to remember!” Juan piques up at his friend, smiling devilishly.
Nicolaj whips his head to the side and tries to reach at Juan: “C’mere…” He tries his best to reach and swat at the muscular little brat.
Zach sits up and pulls the Dane back, saving Juan from those dangly noodle arms slapping barrage: “Projecting much?” Zach giggles, Nicolaj breaking free in an instant.
“Fuck you both.” He clears his throat and re-comforts himself on the couch.
“Answer the question, have you and or will you?” Juan asks again, buffering up a nature documentary.
Nicolaj exhales and sinks into the couch: “I haven’t. And I only will if I’m like, looking to retire at the end of the season. I don’t wanna fuck my team over that much.” He responds with a loft sincerity.
Juan nods and turns the volume down a bit so they can all still talk: “I don’t think I ever will either. Weed is just for relaxing like this or for like after the gym and I’m sore.” He leans back into his chair and reveals that it’s a recliner as he stretches out.
Zach nods: “I can see that. I never did and like, I never will in the future since I’m never coming back either.” He re-comforts himself laying down, picking his feet once again back on Nicolaj’s lap.
Nicolaj tilts his head to the side and blinks boorishly at Zach: “Third time? Really?”
Zach puppy-dog eyes and pleads: “Pwease Mr. Jensen? It’s not like you get to have me in your presence as often as you used to. Let me have this…” he asks ever so nicely.
Nicolaj rolls his eyes and leans back in the couch: “Fine. But don’t kick me in my dick dude, you’ve done that shit before like this.” He grabs both of Zach’s feet and squishes them together.
“I won’t, I won’t.” Zach promises with a cheeky little wink.
Juan chuckles: “You two still act like you’re a married couple, it’s amazing…”
Zach stifles a soft laugh under his breath before speaking: “Jensen and I are happily engaged to each other, he’s just a grumpy pants and never wants to admit it.”
Nicolaj raps his fingers on Zach’s crossed feet: “I think you’re in a one-sided relationship…” he sighs with a few un-amused blinks.
“Awww, what’s the matter Jensen? Don’t want to admit you loveeeeee me?” Zach jeers, folding his arms up behind his head in cocky confidence.
The Dane smiles and gives Zach’s feet a good squeeze: “I just loveeeeeeeee beating you up at any chance I get…” He mocks back.
Zach giggles and sits up now: “Ok, ok you little shit…” he grunts as he moves: “My little Jensen abuses me…” He fake cries as he props his legs up on the table and nuzzles his shoulder right up next to Nicolaj.
“I can tolerate this… for now…” Nicolaj sighs and sinks down into Zach’s body.
“Lover’s quarrel…” Juan mutters with a smile. He turns his attention to the documentary and watches for a moment.
Zach and Nicolaj both look at him then at each other and the Dane mouths off a “you ask” to receive an eye roll from Zach: “So who did you spend the most time with over the last few years Juan? You know our answer…” Zach asks after brainstorming up a question.
Juan turns his head and rests it in his hand staring at the two on the couch: “I’m guessing you mean “spend time” like you guys “spent time” soooo…. Hmmmm…. I think…. I think I’d say it’s tied between Kevin and Vincent.” He responds after some momentary thought.
“Is it because of being on the same team or what?’ Nicolaj continues, trying make Juan feel a bit more included.
Juan sits back in the chair and runs his hands through his curly black hair: “Kevin for sure because we were on the same team. Vincent just because we’re good friends like that, you know?” He tilts his head to the side, staring at his friends a little suspiciously.
“Cannnnn…” Zach starts: “Can you tell us a little story about one of them? Or both maybe?” He pleads with a soft voice.
Juan licks the inside of his mouth and smiles: “What- just because I know all about you two and your stories, you want me to say some now?”
“Kinda, yeah.” Nicolaj responds: “We are interested. You were just a growing lad when we first met you, you’re entirely different now.” The Dane turns his body and props his head on his hand to stare at Juan.
Juan laughs as he runs both hands down his face: “Growing lad…” He repeats to himself: “Ohhhhhhh fuck, where can I start…”
He pauses and thinks: “I think… I think I can start with a good one about Kevin.”
Juan laughs a bit more and stretches out: “Yeahhhhhhhh…” he groans: “Kevin was nice from the start, you know…”
Nicolaj nods: ‘He’s super fucking nice every time I’ve been with him.”
Juan turns his upper body and matches Nicolaj’s pose, looking right at the icy Dane’s stare, occasionally breaking to look behind him at Zach: “You’re right, He’s always been nice. He showed me some cool stuff in the gym when I said I was looking to get swole.”
“He showed you his huge cock…” Zach interjects.
“Shut the fuck up…” Juan laughs, his dimples looking even cuter now that he's flushed a little.
“He helped me train my body, he showed me all the beginner stuff he did and helped along to get pretty lean I’d say.” Juan recalls with joy and a slight glimmer in his eyes.
“He showed you his cock later and that’s when you did the heavy lifting…” Zach butts in yet again.
Juan rolls his eyes: “That’s the “Sneaky and Meteos workout special” if I’ve ever heard one…”
“But seriously, If it wasn’t for Kevin, I’d prolly most likely be in terrible shape. He got me on all these good habits and routines that really helped mold my body as I wanted it.” Juan continues.
Nicolaj nods: “Henrik ever help you out with anything? I know he’s a gym rat too.”
Juan blushes a little: “Henrik and I… he helped me out with something different In the gym…” He stammers trying not to trip over himself.
Zach sits up and leans his upper body over the back of the couch to get a tad closer: ‘Oh shit, this is the start of the cock lifting…” He chuckles as he adjusts himself.
Juan awkwardly swallows: “So….” He starts, unsure where to actually start: “After like, a few months maybe, Henrik asked if I wanted to go to the gym with him. I said sure, we can go to my gym, I can get you in as a guest with me.” He clears his throat as he talks.
“But he wanted to workout at home- I mean, the golden guardians gym. He said that he’s more comfortable there since it’s private.” Juan starts motioning with his hands since he has way too much energy bubbling over inside him now that he’s all flustered.
Zach is leaning so far forward he’s rested now on Nicolaj’s back since they’re both so interested: “You’re making this seem like it’s hard for you to get out…” The Dane prods, his voice smug trying to pierce his way through to get the juicy details out.
Juan sucks his lips in as he keeps getting hotter: ‘Well we did work out, it’s not like he just…. Had me come with him for nothing…” He awkwardly giggles, his voice cracking as he clears his throat time and time again.
“-But you did more than just, work out, right?” Zach takes lead and asks forwardly.
“All…” Juan sits up and shakes his head side to side quickly: “All I’m saying is, this is the story you’re looking for by the way, Henrik not Kevin lol.” He chuckles while scratching his chin: “He said he locked a door, and Kevin for whatever reason decided to stay home from his usual gym time that day…” He’s still being intentionally vague.
Both men are giggling to each other on the couch trying to get an answer: “You can’t just stop there man, come on!” Zach booms, his face getting a slight shade of red too.
Juan purses his lips as he takes in what he’s told so far: “Just so we’re clear, I wont be the only one telling stories right now, right?” He gets out first.
Nicolaj shrugs, Zach the same: “Oh- we’ve got some stories if that’s what we’re doing. But you finish yours and we’ll go from there.”
Juan taps his hand on the recliner rapidly, smiling as he nods slowly: “So one thing that Henrik and I had been doing the entire year is like some casual flirting with each other, some smiles here and there, a few ass smacks in private, some late-night conversations and such…”
“Oh, so some “we’re a thing but not official yet” kinda thing…” Zach sneers with an even larger smile than before.
“Well…” Juan laughs a little awkwardly too: “Kev was in on it too, but he never took it seriously at first so he also…. Joined in with us sometimes too with teasing…”
Zach and Nicolaj are silent, wanting to hear more now before speaking.
“-And after our workout and everything, we thought we were alone, or well, he said we were alone and I believed him, so Henrik made another move.” Juan sits up, his happy sun-kissed face a light red with strong beaming dimples as he stares right back into his friend’s eagerly awaiting faces and ears.
“He uh- pinned me to the wall and got all close to me.” Juan’s voice trembles finishing his sentences.
“He nibbled on my earlobe and said he wanted me to feel him. I was into it so playing along was like fucking heaven for me.” He cracks a tension-breaking giggle out.
“I slipped my hand under his sweats and I just got lost feeling his cock up. I think the bastard planned that out all day since he didn’t have any boxers on. Sure he was sweaty, but like so was I, it didn’t matter. After like a few touches of my fingers, it was already twitching with life.”
Zach smirks and nods: “Been there, done that. Classic.”
Nicolaj breaks out a few light giggles at that.
“He started coping a few feels on me and with all our bumping and grinding, our sweats came off and I just went all for it and just gave him a handjob.”
“What kind?’ Zach blurts quickly.
“Wha-“ Juan takes a moment, narrowing his eyes.
“Like, a sloppy hand job, a fast one, slow and concise… There more than one…” He explains, counting with his fingers as he lists them off.
“It was…” Juan taps his tongue to the roof of his mouth thinking back: “I rested my head on his chest and watched myself stroke his cock while he stroked my hair. Nothing fast, just me admiring his cock, watching it grow and grow…” He sighs longingly, stirring his finger in circles as he remembers.
“Yeah? How’d it all go though?” The Dane ruins his moment with thoughts of what happened next.
Juan awkwardly smiles again: “Well, Kevin walked in a bit after that and basically saw me with my boxers at my ankles and Henrik spreading my cheeks apart with one hand showing off my little asshole. I was wrapped around his body with my hand still wrapped around and stroking his cock and I was at his neck peppering him with kisses!” He just blurts it all out.
“Oh…” Zach swallows his words back.
“Yeah, we had to explain for a while that we had that “un-official thing” going on and that he was accidentally taking part in it time to time while we were way more serious than he was.” He sighs with the explanation.
“It still turned out well though, I mean you guys are great together…” Nicolaj chimes in, trying to ease him from being too hard on himself.
Juan shrugs: “Oh, we were good from like the next day on. He said he thought on it and wanted in on it too since he thought it’d be a good experience for him. It’s just that moment that it happened that makes me feel all weird. It just all coulda gone so different. Kev, Henrik and I are all cool though.”
Nicolaj and Zach both laugh: “Fuck, that’s so fucking typical for Kevin…”
The three share a few more laughs and only stop when the documentary plays a jarring sound: “Fuck- forgot that thing was on!” Zach giggles after his less than manly shriek he just let out.
“Don’t ah- don’t be too hard on yourself Juan. Yeah, being caught sucks but it’s not like it hasn’t happened to any of us before and it’s not like it hasn’t ruined your relationship with either of them because of it.” Zach chirps up with some surprising clarity from within him.
Juan stretches back out on the recliner: “I just hate telling it. It just makes me weird knowing that it could have been anyone else and I really think that only Kevin out of anyone that could have walked it would have taken it that way. I just think we both got super fucking lucky.” He sighs, trying to focus on the tv.
Zach and Nicolaj both stretch back out on the couch, still next to each other but legs out on the table as they watch too: “Yeah, I agree. Being caught fucking suuuuucccckssssss…” Zach groans out as he comfortably sinks down next to his timid Dane on the couch.
Nicolaj rolls his eyes: “Yeah don’t fucking remind me…”
“Am I hearing another story time?” Juan quips.
“Fuck no, not before these edibles start hitting. I wanna feel loose before I get loose, ya know?” Nicolaj comforts himself too down on the side of his boyfriend.
The three watch the next couple minutes of the documentary absolutely captivated by the scenes and gentle narration. They all share some laughs as they keep on watching, time passing by them the longer they watch.
Juan flicks his head after he seemingly turned to stone on the recliner, realizing it’s been just over an hour and no one has moved: “Dude…” He slowly giggles, rubbing his face down.
Zach has his moment of realization and sits up a bit too: “We got stuck, didn’t we…”
Nicolaj cracks his back and turns towards Juan: “Make this documentary interesting or something Juannnn…” He cries out.
Juan fast forwards a bit until he sees two deer chasing after each other and sniffing, the commentator mentioning that this is their mating ritual: “Ok see? Now we’re yiffing. This entertaining?” He blurts with some spontaneous and contagious laughter.
The other two cant help but laugh at the sight of the deep nuzzling each other and making their mating calls: “You’re right, It’s just so romantic, what else can I say…” The Dane cackles with laughter.
The deer trot around a bit more until one stops and the other stops right next to it: “Oh fuck, is this the real shit now?” Zach swipes some hair from his forehead as he giggles some more, his voice cracking already.
The first deer gets mounted, the three go crazy: “They really fucking!” The Dane’s voice booms as the deer mate on their tv.
They laugh as the camera fades to some baby doe shots and they slowly die down their cackling laughter: “Why can’t it be that easy for us?” Zach sighs as he takes his glasses off and swoops his hair back to normal.
Juan leans back in his chair: “I think it is…” He mumbles, partially agreeing.
Nicolaj shakes his head around a bit to clear his mind: “yeah, It’s pretty damn easy.”
“What, you get some dick or something for not a lot of effort?” Zach snides, glaring at his flustered Dane, red faced and eyes equally as red and low staring right back.
“Well…” He cracks a sly grin: “I may have…”
“Story… Story… Story…” Juan chants softly.
“Fuck off…” He giggles with a shoo away hand motion.
“But… Back in like, 2017, Michael was still in the C9 house, remember?” He sighs as he starts.
“You two fucked like, 25/8, how could I ever forget?” Zach sits up and faces Nicolaj, his legs back laid out flat on the couch.
“Yeah whatever kid. I was all alone that thanksgiving at the house and Michael came back like 2 days early than what he told me. When he was gone btw, I didn’t touch a single other person for that entire like month prior including Michael because of some personal feelings and shit and I don’t know what hit me that day he came back, but I knew I had to have him, especially when we didn’t have to be as careful for others so I knew I had to have him fast.”
“That night…” Nicolaj clears his throat: “I heard him running a bath and I knew now was the time. I snuck into his room and waited until I heard him start to take his clothes off and that’s when I barged in. He jumped back a bit but was all smiles when he saw me. I said I wanted to join him and he said fine, but we both keep our boxers on so we don’t get tempted. I sighed but agreed and we hopped in.”
“Isnt he like a giant? How’d you both fit?” Juan scratches his head.
“I’m small as fuck compared to him. I was basically inside his legs.” He says, eyeing his own thin frame down.
“But when we were all situated and all, I started getting hornier just looking at him all wet and almost naked. I started some flirty shit and in like seconds, I had my boxers off before he could even realize. I loomed over him, like this-“ Nicolaj gets on his hands and knees and stretches himself over Zach to show; the Dane’s upper body hovering over Zach, his arms on the couch at his boyfriend’s sides: “And I said that I really really missed him.”
Nicolaj sits back down: “Now, I also knew that I looked really fucking good that night and I know the sight of me wet, with suds dripping off my body, was a golden ticket to him just grabbing me and tugging me down to him. I hugged tight to his wet body and we made out for a good few minutes before I broke apart from him and started palming his crotch. I sat back on my half of the tub and he snapped his underwear off so fast his dick was literally visible in seconds.”
“You two were jackrabbits, I told you.” Zach smirks as his face is beet red now from everything.
Nicolaj smirks but continues on: “I was playing around with him, rubbing suds on my body, fingering myself underwater, sexy talking all the pent up hornyness I had inside me too. I was begging him to just fuck me in this tub right now. And you know what he did?” He huffs softly, getting a bit too into retelling this.
“He fucked the soul out of you?” Juan answers after a moments pause.
“He picked me up by my legs and got us adjusted so my ass was right over his cock. I looked beneath me since I was propping my self up on the sides of the tub and just watched as he hard slammed my ass down on that rock hard cock. I almost whited out, but he reached up and pulled me forward and I wrapped my arms around him, my mind couldn’t focus as when I looked down again, I was planted firmly down on his lap, no cock in sight. My mind blanked as I couldn’t just process that I just took it all in one swoop.” He’s panting for air as he finishes, not fully realizing he’s not breathing much between his sentences.
His mind frazzled, all he can focus on is that night with Michael. He can feel his pulse pick up, his face get hotter, he was almost sweating just thinking about every possible moment he can remember.
“I squirmed around on his lap, and he just held me still as his cock throbbed inside me. I felt every damn pulse and was crying for him to just move and fuck me already. He yanked me up a few moments later and smiled as he said it was cute that my asshole was winking back at him already. I was a whimpering fucking mess, and he just demolished my insides with every pull down of my body. I don’t know when we got out of the tub but the night was a blur after, he was fucking me all night like savage beast.” He puffs his shirt a few times as he finishes, getting some control back over his body.
“Je-jesus christ Nicolaj…” Zach stammers, he swallows hard trying to not get hard as those words still resonate soundly in his head.
“And even better for me I think, in the morning, I got up eventually and saw a polaroid camera on his desk with some pictures printed out too. One was of me smiling with his dick in his hand, another was me with my eyes closed and his dick completely down my throat, he made sure to show my throat bulge off, and one of the two of us, he was standing up and I was on my ass with my legs spread. My arms were wrapped around his legs, my asshole was stretched and cum was all over my fucking thighs and his dick was swinging right over my head. He had the cheesiest fucking smile and I was basically eyes closed, almost half asleep in my horny zombie state.” He coughs as he finishes, not realizing he got a bit too into saying it all.“Sorry, I didn’t mean to get so… heated.” He clears his throat again.
“That was intense man.” Juan pops his shirt a few times to cool himself off.
“I uh…” He squirms around in his seat, trying to hide his bulge from Zach: “I may have gone a little too far into it..” He giggles, eyeing Zach down to see if he notices.
Nicolaj always was a fan of playing these sly games, maybe Zach picks up on it: “Maybe because you’re just a horny little fucker Mr. Jensen.” Zach snarks, crossing his arms staring at him.
Nicolaj narrows his eyes: “Fuck you.”
Zach raises an eyebrow: “Yeah? For real this time?”
Nicolaj exhales and stands up, tugging his shirt down when he’s on his feet: “I’m always for real.” He clears his throat, looking around at his two friends.
He may not realize it, but his bulge is definitely larger than what he originally thought it was. It’s outlined quite well on his sweats, his shirt barely going down to his waist is covering a damn thing: “Nice bulge there Nicolaj.” A slightly more flustered Zach admires with a pop of both his eyebrows.
Nicolaj looks down and can feel his cock grow a little more beneath his clothing: “You miss this big cock Zachy?” The Dane hums, tugging his sweats back some to show off everything.
“Big” Zach repeats back mockingly: “I’m fucking bigger than you idiot.”
“Nonononono, the fuck you are!” Accosted, Nicolaj responds back.
“Oh yeah? Well, I’m probably bigger than both of you idiots!” Juan chimes in as he stands up with confidence and steps right over to the side of the table closest to Nicolaj.
Zach stands up, seeing where this is all going: “We doing a dick show now?” He asks, his words feeling thick as the heat of everything starts setting in on him.
“Dick measuring contests are a key for confidence.” Nicolaj boasts as he drops his sweats to the floor, his dark blue briefs hugging his body tight with his throbbing bulge protruding out: “And I’m fucking confident as FUCK right now…”
Zach rolls his eyes and drops his sweats, his white boxers aren’t as skintight as Nicolaj’s but still look good on him regardless: “So we going soft first? There’s more to a dick than whatever we got right now.” He side eyes Nicolaj: “And you’re already halfway there too…”
Nicolah smirks and palms all down his bulge: “I’ll go last then… Give you some time to catch up…”
Juan drops his sweats last, his wine-red briefs are almost equally as tight as Nicolaj’s right now: “First soft, then hard. Gotta get the full thing since we’re actually doing this.” He palms his crotch as well as he talks.
“Wait…” Zach runs his thumb under his boxer’s waistline: “It wouldn’t be fair since Jensen’s already a little stiffy…” He mumbles, his brain trying to finish the thought he had before he says anything.
“Yeah? And?” Nicolaj peppers in, palming his bulge down.
“I guess…” Zach sighs: “I’ll tell a story or something to get more juices flowing, we just cant do a softy comparison you little cheater.” He pops his lips as he thinks of something to say.
“Got it.” He laughs with a cheeky little adjustment of his glasses.
He flips his hair out of his face: “Remember the All-stars thing 2019?”
“Notttt… I never really gave a fuck about them since I never went.” The Dane crosses his arms with his soft-spoken response.
“Same, kinda.” Juan nods along.
“Fuck, whatever. Basically…” He clears his throat: “Basically that year I went and there was like, all of G2 there too. I really wanted to talk to all of them but since Caps and Jankos were out doing their own thing after all the events, I was only able to get Miky.” Zach explains, his voice soft as he tries not to get too ahead of himself.
“Talk” Nicolaj smirks with some air quotation marks.
“Fuck off.” Zach giggles, Juan’s laughter is there too but he covers his mouth.
“So we talked some and yeah, I didn’t wanna talk, surprise surprise.” He smirks harder, his cute bubbly face stuck in a permanent smile.
“He invited me back to his room since he was able to get one by himself and we “talked” a little more there.” He sways a little side to side as he speaks.
“Talked” Nicolaj air quotations again.
“We actually did, little bitch!” Zach quips: “We had a genuine conversation for like 30 minutes about real life stuff before anything else happened.”
“Well what else happened then?’ Juan stretches his arms as they’re all just standing around in their underwear waiting.
“Well…” Zach blushes harder somehow: “He asked me if I was down for anything more and he put his hand on my thigh! Like, he came onto me, I didn’t put out for him!” He bubbles over with excitement now.
“I asked what he had in mind and real quickly we started making out on his bed. I didn’t wait that long to make a move and I felt him up. We laid out on his bed and I just let him take control with his magic tongue. All I could focus on was his cock growing underneath his briefs and his tongue just working wonders inside my mouth.” He licks his lips almost able to recreate the succulent taste with memory alone.
“Soon our clothes were off- except for our boxers but after he laid a nice ring of hickies all around my neck, he snapped my boxers off and pushed my legs back over my head. I looked down and saw him for a brief moment pause and look at me, his eyes were right on my ass, I could feel it. His cock was bulging at his briefs, just begging to be released. He told me to hold still and he laid down on the bed, propping his perky little ass up and got to work.” He huffs at finishing his sentence, his mind replaying that event over and over in his head so clearly now. His dick is steadily twitching to life now, he’s hoping the others are feeling the same.
“He ate me out unlike anything I have ever felt, I don’t know how he did it. I was a whimpering mess laying on that bed. I looked to the side of my leg a little bit into it all and I saw through the mirror that he slid his briefs off at some point and he was stroking himself some too. I moaned through my sloppy cries that he needed to fuck me already. He tipped me forward a little more as he got up and he could not have looked any more attractive if he tried. His hair was still a perfect brown mop, his chest down to his thighs were perfectly flat and his curved cock was pressed right on my wet hole teasing me to all hell. He held me still as he tortured me with pleasure; I had to watch him drool down on his cock, his spit steadily trickled down the curve of his shaft and drove me mad as I felt it spread out on his tip pressed to me.” He pauses for a brief breath.
“You sure this happened in 2019 and not like, yesterday?” Juan asks, his voice trembling some as their all in the thick of the story now.
“It was so good, I can remember every fucking detail.” Zach laments, his dick significantly larger now under his boxers.
“Where was I…” He mumbles to himself quietly: “Oh! - He pressed and pulled his cock to me, and I could hear the schlicks every fucking time. He gave in and finally buried that beautiful cock in me, I was already too far gone and when I felt his hips touch mine, I just checked out mentally. He controlled my body that entire night and got everything he wanted out of me. I know I wrapped my arms and legs around him at some point because I didn’t want him to ever leave me. I remember waking up and we were snuggled together on his bed, our clothes were still spread out like they were when we took them off. The sun was hitting his body and at the angle he was at, his collarbone was exposed a little above the blanket and that early morning sun made him look like an angel.” Zach bites his lips and swallows hard as he finishes.
Nicolaj nods as he waits a few more moments to make sure he’s done: ‘Was that the best fuck of your life?” He asks, his fingers are at his mouth as he nibbles at his fingertips.
“Close to it.” Zach exhales with a laugh followed: “Fuck- I’m too high right now to talk properly. Are we good to like- move on now? Talking is taking too much from me.
‘Yeah, why not.” Juan nods, his face a darker shade of red after that story as well.
“Do you ever talk properly?” Nicolaj snarks.
Zach gives him a demon glare and rolls his eyes.
Zach exhales, rocks his head around in a circle and bites a tough moan back: “Fuck the dramatics, just… Just like close your eyes, count to three, and then just fucking drop ‘em.” He sighs, clearly eager to get moving.
Juan and Nicolaj close their eyes and mumble they’re ready.
“Ok…” Zach exhales longingly.
“3”
“2”
“and 1”
The sound of three pairs of undergarments swoosh and fall to the ground puffs out from the carpet.
The three open their eyes and take the sights of each other in, each taking seconds but it all feeling like time paused to each as they eye each other down.
Juan curls his toes back and forth anxiously as he feels the gazes of his two guests ogle him down. He’s still wearing his white and red t-shirt, only it’s a little bit wrinkled from being tugged on all day and night with some everyday anxiety. His lean frame still shines through as his shirt hugs his body and shows the slender snaking curve all down his body with his hips just ever so slightly jutted out. His sun kissed skin is a tasteful treat compared to the paleness of his counterparts. His pelvis and inner thighs are cleanly shaven, a few veins from his waist travel down to the base of his cock, bulging out with how damn thirsty he is. His cock throbs as it protrudes out, only getting evermore rigid the longer he stands still staring at his equivalently exposed friends. His practically beer can thick cock just barely crooks out near his tip, just another sightly benefit added along with the plushy gorgeous sack that swangs all as well between his thighs too.
Nicolaj spends his eyesight darting between eyeing Zach down for the thousandth time in his life, himself, and admiring Juan in the same manners in this rare occasion. He keeps his hands behind his back, each clutched at his wrists as he rocks on the balls of his feet trying to not be the first person to say anything to break the silence. His thin frame from the waist down is seen thoroughly through with his bony chicken wing thighs and equally bony pelvic region too. His lengthy slender dick stands out at full attention as he’s captivated fully in the moment now with the weed finally getting him crossed into the horny stage fully now. His pale shaft and sack are offset by the snaking blue veins all around and his perfectly light pink tip too. He can see Juan is clearly thicker than him and overall, better looking but he at least has more length compared to Zach. His cock throbs as he swears, he can feel whenever a pair of eyes are on it; twitching with life as the horny high Dane relaxes more and more of his body and gets prepare for whatever is gonna happen next.
Zach is still, his hands at his sides, unmoving as he’s stuck in time, his mind only on his two friends right now. His ever so slightly chubby frame is barely a tad larger than Nicolaj’s; he’s thin but not a skeleton. Waist down, similar to the other’s there, is equally as cleanly shaven. His cock is rigid and unmoving, only wiggling his hips can get his thick cock to move. He knows he has girth, he’s made that Dane scream on any nights he wasn’t bottoming. His pink tip is rounded off perfectly with his shaft, a clean, smooth run from top down. He doesn’t wanna say that Juan is thicker than him off first looks, he needs some confirmation.
“So uh- you got a tape measure or something Juan?” Zach coughs softly after their brief moments of silence.
Juan smiles as he comes back to himself: “Why, you need some confirmations or something?” He chides, his dimples only looking cuter now that he’s half naked.
“I just need to know if you’re thicker than me. If you are, you have the best cock here, no doubt.” He states smoothly.
Juan bites his inner lip and thinks for a moment: “Lets just do a side by side and let Nicolaj be the judge.” He suggests instead, cocking a nod towards the still Dane.
Zach exhales air through his nose and steps forward: “Fine. C'mere then cutie.”
Juan steps out from his briefs puddled on the floor and gets right in front of Zach, immedaitley pressing his tip to Zach’s pelvis, right at his base: “Feel better up close?’ He whispers, giving Zach a smug flash of his beady brown eyes.
Zach wraps his hand around what he can of the two shafts and shudders a gentle moan out as he strokes and admires: “I think you win…” He breathes out under his breath.
Nicolaj steps between them and wraps his hand around the other half of their shafts, touching fingers with Zach as they mindlessly stroke away: “I think I need a taste test if you want a good score..” He mutters as the scantily clad Dane sinks down to his knees.
They don’t notice it but behind them on the tv, the documentary shows the monkeys mating in the forest, precarious and animalistic as always, Juan secretly lowered the volume so he could hear everyone, no one seemed to notice that it was playing anyway..Juan and Zach both turn and prod the Dane’s face with their tips: “My my my… what a selection…” He giddies like a kid in a candy store.
His light blue eyes gleam as he eyes his prizes down from this new angle, each thick cock throbbing and staring back at him with devilish intent. He can feel the gazes of the others burn holes in his head as he knows their minds are running over themselves thinking of what he’s gonna do next.
“My my my…” He whispers as he grips each cock and strokes all up and down each one.
He peppers kisses on the underside of their cocks intermittently, not wanting to show too much favoritism just yet. He runs his face across the side of each cock, pressing his cheeks down and letting each cock indent his hollow cheeks. He plants a kiss on each man’s pelvis when he gets to the end and repeats this a few times as he moans and tries to make his mind up.
He looks up and sees that they’ve moved on to just making out, each having an arm around each other’s shoulders and their tongues slipping and sliding over each other with wet tender moans filling the room with their sensual escapades.
He pouts his cheeks out as he can’t decide who he wants to taste first. They both look just so appetizing he doesn’t wanna miss out on either or for the first time of the night.
He snaps his eyes up as he feels a hand reach down and pull his glasses off, Juan smiling as he places them on the table: ‘Save you some cleaning later.” He says with a cute little wink.
That settles it.
He closes his eyes and wraps his tiny pink lips around Juan’s juicy tip, flickering his tongue wildinly up and down his slit as he bobs his head down: “You’re too nice…” He stammers, mewling as he runs his free hand through the Dane’s short brown hair.
He flutters his tongue some more around as he sinks lower and lower down his shaft, his lips stretching out the farther he goes. He can feel the pricks and burns already on the corners of his mouth, but he keeps persisting, the pleasure is well worth the pain. He gets about halfway before pulling back and repeating the motions. Tears prick at his eyes as he goes cross-eyed staring at Juan’s partially exposed belly button, the sight gets closer and farther away with every head motion, and it keeps him grounded as his mind is glazed over and flooded with insidious thoughts of what he’s willing to do right now to both of his friends.
He pops off after a few more delicious moments, a wet pop accompanied by some wet panting gets him another praise from Juan: “Good fucking job…” He mutters, staring at the Dane’s pink lips now puffed out and swollen and covered and smothered with his thick saliva.
The Dane wastes no time and only wipes his mouth clean and turns his attention to Zach.
An all too familiar sight, he keeps his eyes open and stares up at his long-time fuck buddy/boyfriend. They lock eyes and Zach’s high, and lust riddled face creaks out a warm smile as he watches Nicolaj effortlessly wrap his lips around his tip and sink down. His lips puffing out the farther he goes is something he will always love and appreciate seeing, the sight being just too damn beautiful to only want to see once.
The Dane’s mind is already in its comfort zone. He doesn’t need to pause and taste; he knew what he’d get the second he laid eyes on his boyfriends cock that night. He’s flooded with teasing warm memories of all the times they’ve teased and blown each other when they were living together, all the close calls, all the long nights and early mornings, the date nights, the sneak-aways, hotel get togethers, and random spur of the moment get togethers. They’ve been at this for a while, and he doesn’t plan on letting it stop any time soon.
He pops off with a wet pop again and some spit instantly dripping out and on his shirt: “You are beautiful…” Zach whispers, smiling even harder now looking down at his Danish cutie wiping the spit off his mouth.
“I think…” He clears his throat: “I think Juan you have won…” He wraps his hand around the man’s cock and rubs his spit all over his shaft.
“I feel so honored…” He giggles, fixing his hair after seeing Zach do the same so many times.
“What does the winner get?” He looks at Zach for his answer.
“Well what do you want?’ Zach mumbles back, taking his own glasses off and placing them next to Nicolaj’s on the table behind him.
“Hmmmm….” He eyes the Dane still stroking him on his knees: “I wanna try something out, get on the couch Nicolaj.” He steps over to the couch and sits down, patting right by his side for the Dane.
Nicolaj gets up and sits down by him, Zach steps over closer but just watching now: “What’s the plan?” Zach asks with an eyebrow raise.
“Flip over, legs up on the back here.” He pats the back of the couch.
Nicolaj happily goes along and flips: “I feel so exposed…” He moans some laughter out, looking up between his legs and seeing his cock twitch on his now exposed stomach.
“Grab his legs and hold them.” Juan tells Zach as he sticks three fingers in his own mouth and nudges up closer to the Dane’s exposed little asshole.
“I’m gonna try and make you cum like this.” He rasps down to the Dane, his face flustered and a dark shade of red with even more blood rushing to his head.
“Try and make me.” The Dane responds with some horny confidence.
“Oh I will.” Juan snaps back.
Zach keeps quiet for now and watches the two go.
“Keep one hand on my cock. And- fuck it, your other on Zach’s.” He commands, toying around with his fingers and tracing featherlight circles around the Dane’s tight pink ring of muscle: “We wont let you go, trust us…” He hums teasingly.
Zach smiles as he watches the Dane stokes him and Juan, mewling as his eyes are on his hole being teased: “What next?” He puffs, flipping his hair out of his face.
“Who’s your dream fuck, Jensen?” He asks, pressing his middle finger down on his hole.
The Dane squirms in place: “Wha-“ He squeaks out, his mind focusing on too many things to focus.
“Who..” Juan leans down and presses his forehead to the Dane’s leg, looking down at the red-faced skeleton of a man: “is the person you would give yourself over to in a heartbeat to just be an absolute cock sleeve for, hm?” He lets each word just fall off his tongue with such a gentle yet strongly promiscuous intent, he knew Nicolaj absorbed every word.
“Uhmmm…” he bites his lips as Juan still presses and circles around his tight little hole with persistence: “G-Greyson…” He sutters softly.
“Hm?” Juan piques, pressing down a bit harder.
“A-ah…” The Dane sucks some air in: “Greyson, fucking Greyson. I’d let him do whatever he wants to me.” He admits with a harsh exhale, sinking lower into the couch.
“Why?” Juan asks quickly, gently nudging his slicked-up fingertip down and getting all of his nail inside the Dane’s tight heat.
“Fhucccckkk…” He moans while clenching his eyes: “We barely ever got the chance…. Nghh- and the bastard fucking promised he’d re-arrange my guts on my birthday, but he never fucking did it, he owes me!” He squirms around, not trying to fidget too much but enough to let some of energy out.
“I thought you two fucked before at bootcamp?” Zach pipes in, just happily watching along as he kept getting passively stroked by the jittery Dane.
“That was like- the second time we ever fucking did anything.” He bites back more moans as Juan starts digging deeper in his heat: “We just- fuckkkk… we just never got around… fucking time….”
“What makes him so special?” Juan asks, pulling his middle finger out and lining up his index finger with it to got back in, his wet pink hole puckering a bit already.
“He showed me this video he took of us during the first time we fucked where I was on his bed naked, and he grabbed me by my ass and pulled me to him.” He licks his lips bringing this back up, still building anxiety from Juan patiently holding his two fingers at his hole.
“He whispered ready and literally pumped his whole cock inside me three times. By the second one, I was already curling my toes but the third one and him puling out had me literally cumming while I was kicking and squirming around, grasping at his sheets as it was the best fucking thing I’d felt in a long damn time” He’s smiling and his cock is twitching laid up his stomach.
Juan nods his head and still holds his fingers still. Nicolaj looks over at him and pleads with a soft mewl: “Please….”
Juan smirks and darts his two fingers down, Nicolaj smiling and closing his eyes at the return of the burn inside him: “I’d let him take me for a whole week if he wanted…” He sighs softly, biting back more whimpers.
“He had you broken…” Juan mutters, his fingers enveloped fully as he’s plungering his slick digits in and out of his lover’s tender hole, the Dane’s inner walls gripping them tight as he goes.
“He has a cock like no other…” He squeaks again, his jaw going a little slack if he’s not too careful: “I let him break me..”
Juan hums softly still relishing in how nicely the Dane is clenching around his fingers. He snaps his digits down to his knuckles and watches the Dane squirm as he jabs at his prostate: “You’re leaking all over yourself…” Zach warmly mentions, his voice is soft and low, trying to match the mood.
“I-uhmhmmm… I’m waiting for him to make me chumhhmmhhmm…” The Dane wails, his body trembling in his bent-up pose.
“What about me?” Juan asks, slipping another finger in with ease only get a lewder long moan in return from the Dane.
“Wha- wha about you?” He murmurs back.
“What do you want me to do to you? I can always stop this you know…” He peters his words out slowly, licking each word off his tongue with a buttery smooth tone.
“I want you to make me cum, like… like you said” His voice is a mixture of pants and soft whimpers as those three fingers have not showed him any signs of stopping.
“How though? Like this orrr….” He stars scissoring his fingers around, curling and dragging them back and forth at a ruthless pace.
“Fuck me like this. Zach hold me and you dagger drive your burrito thick cock deep inside me pleaseeee…” He begs.
“Burrito thick cock…” He repeats back aloud, scoffing slightly: “Is that what you think of it?”
Zach giggles: “That’s why we called you Juanito burrito, remember?”
Juan rolls his eyes and stands up on the couch: “Fuck you two...” He sighs as he holds the Dane by his waist and steps behind him, his ass on the back of his couch. He flicks his shirt off his body and shakes his curly hair around a few times: “Hold him steady.” He points at Zach, his muscular frame now fully naked.
Nicolaj looks up between his still folded up legs and gawks at Juan towering over him, his cock pointing straight down and throbbing as it stares right back at his sweet inviting hole: ‘You look so different now…” He moans, the heat burning inside him tearing at him to get some release.
Juan tips his cock straight down and prods the Dane’s slicked and stretched open pink hole: “Ready?” He breathes softly, the words almost escaping him before he can speak.
“I need it..” He moans back, biting his bottom lip waiting in anticipation.
Juan holds his cock down as he squats, jabbing right through the tight ring of muscle like it was nothing, his tip being greeted with a tight warm wraparound by the Dane’s inner walls: “H-holy fuck you’re tense…” He hisses gently, only slightly shocked with how tight the Dane feels around him.
“Fuhhhhhck…” Nicolaj gasps as the air leaves his lungs: “Right there…” His voice is weak as he pleads for more.
Juan looks down in concentration and grips the Dane’s cheeks with open palms and repeatedly squats down, jutting a third of his cock in with each press down. His muscular thighs stretch and flex , the couch squeaking and wet squelches from the Dane’s tight hole stretching tight around his cock fill the air along with Zach’s soft hot gasps as he holds Nicolaj still watching it all go down.
The Dane looks up with tears pricking at his eyes, his face flushed red and his mind racing a mile a minute. His gut is burning hotter and hotter as that thick cock splits him open, just watching a good amount of that girthy shaft disappear inside him over and over again is almost as mesmerizing as the low hanging and swanging sack behind. He can only force out moans and sputter out wet spittles as his brain is a frenzied hot mess right now.
Juan takes a moments pause after enjoying a few well indulged moments longer of breaking the Dane upside down before pulling out and jumping down to the side of the couch: “Flip him, he needs to feel more.” He hurries out his voice to Zach, not wanting to waste time.
Zach still in a lull from the edibles, shakes off the stuckness, quickly snaps Nicolaj’s crumpled shirt off his body and flips the Dane over: “I’ve never him so depraved before..” He chuckles as he strokes the Dane’s hair, his ass in the air as Juan pulls his legs over the armrest.
His legs are dangling off the edge but not quite on the ground and Zach is right at his face, he’s stuck in the best position possible with two of his favorite people, Nicolaj is getting his little taste of heaven: “Why stoppp…” He groans, his cock twitching as it hangs freely above the ground.
Juan grabs both of his arms as he presses his cock to his puckering hole: ‘Don’t you fucking worry, you’re gonna be in good good hands…” He rasps with a heartly smug chuckle.
Nicolaj bucks back some and Juan meets him halfway and juts his hips forward; he gasps out as he’s filled back up again, that oh so desirable burn in his stomach coming back with a vengeance as he’s still adjusting to that thick girth filling him out and then some. Juan gives him a few courtesy ruts forward so he can get a little tease of how he’s about to feel; Nicolaj just felt his whole-body tingle and shudder as he felt his prostate get grazed, he knows he’s about to go numb: “Fuck me…” He whimpers out.Juan licks his lips and starts pounding away, his cock stretching the Dane out as he goes, the further down the lewder his gasps and moans get. Nicolaj is feeling his arms burn too as they’re pulled back and he’s lifted back off that alone; he’s gasping out in pain as he can feel and hear Juan pile drive his cock further and further down inside him.
He opens his eyes to be face to face with Zach’s twitching cock staring right at him, his plump pink tip merely centimeters away from his face: “So good…” He pants out, interchanging his moans and yells as Juan persists though.
Juan glimpses down at the Dane’s body, his pale bony cheeks covered in a thin layer of sweat, his soft snow-white skin is blemish free aside from 2 gentle handprints on both cheeks. From his gently booty mound up to his neck, his body is a tensed up, veins and muscles showing out everywhere as he yanks his arms back harder and drives his cock forward ruthlessly as well. He swings his eyes a little lower and time half-times for these next few seconds for Juan, the sight of the Dane’s tight asshole puffing out as his cock is buried deep inside only to grip and stay hugged all around tight the entire way back like it’s almost gliding down his shaft. He closes his eyes and looks back up, knowing is he watched for any longer, he’s of just cum right there: “Oh goddddddd…” The Dane beckons out like a siren.
Juan looks at Zach just stroking himself watching Nicolaj take this dick down like this: “Hey!” He hisses his way.
Zach tips his head up: “Fuck his mouth or something, he’s way too loud right now!’ Juan calls out to him.
Zach looks down at his friend and lover so depraved and languid right now. He almost didn’t even think about himself and what he was gonna do, the show was almost good enough just to watch alone, let alone participate himself.
The man slides his own shirt off and strokes the Dane’s hair a little, cxatching his far-fleeting attention: “You can handle me right?” He asks with a warm smile, one hand now on his shaft stroking it gently right in the Dane’s eyesight.
Nicolaj nods and goes right back into wincing and almost a moan but Zach stuff his mouth right up with his tip jutting immediately at his lips as soon as Zach got the ok.
His muffled moans and cries vibrate all down Zach’s cock as he presses forward, stretching the Dane’s pink little lips all out and around his shaft: “You’re so fucking hot right now…” He whispers with another warm smile down to Nicolaj.
He looks up and down the Dane’s stretched out body, his blissfully high mind seemingly numb in wanting to say any words as he watches Juan pulverize his lover’s petite ass. What would be exasperated moans from the thin Dane are only heard as wet muffles as Zach gently keeps rocking his hips forward steady, hitting the back of the Dane’s mouth with every press forward.
Juan shakes his head and makes a rough grunt before tugging the Dane back even harder down his cock, splitting him as far open as he can, almost each new thrust forward makes a wetter squelch than the last: “He’s clenching hard, I think he’s close.” He grunts again, drilling his cock forward as hard as he can.
Zach pulls his cock out, thick spit drips out of the Dane’s gasping mouth, he coughs and sputter up spit all over the couch as he gasps for air: “I’mmm… gonna c-cccummm…..” He stutters barely, his voice a ragged mess.
Zach slaps his cock around each of Nicolaj’s cheeks, each plap leaves a wet print in its place: “Then cum for him baby, cum on the end of his cock…” he whispers down gently, planting a nice wet kiss right on his forehead too.
Nicolaj cries out endlessly, his wails getting higher pitched every passing second: “So gooodddd…” He murmurs, clenching his toes as he’s just about to reach his peak. He can feel every inch of Juan inside him, his inner walls hugging that thick cock so damn snug, but Juan keeps drilling him harder and harder, not once did he ever relent. His mind has just been echoing the sounds of his body, his cries, his moans, his tight little hole squeaking out those lewd wet pops and squelches every time Juan pulled out and slammed back in. Juan never gave him a break, he held his arms back and yanked him back hard every chance he got, he about lost it when he felt his skin on his bubble butt.
Juan’s body, face, and cock are just captivating the Dane’s mind and focus, his eyes flutter open and close as he goes deadweight now that his orgasm hit him: “Ohmyfuckkkkkk… fuckkkkkkkk….” He cries out, losing all control of himself in a matter of seconds.Juan bites his lip and keeps pounding forward as the Nicolaj sputters out of control on his cock: “This what you wanted Nicolaj?” He huffs out, dropping his arms and letting the Dane just go limp on the couch,“Mmhmmm…” He moans out facedown.
Juan pulls out carefully, Nicolaj wincing through his moans at the loss. Juan wipes his forehead and looks at Nicolaj, his pink asshole gaped open to the exact size of Juan’s cock and puckering as his frail little body tingles trying to cope with the loss and mind-shattering orgasm. His legs are limp and dangling alongside his cock, cum drips down onto the floor as neither of them had the sense to control that: “Fucking cleanup..” He grunts with a slight bit of laughter.
Zach hops off the couch and steps over to Juan: “Worry about that later...” He hushes.
He palms Juan’s aching cock and presses it to his stomach: “Fuck me please…” He pleads softly.
Juan smirks, loving how easy this is all going for him: “Where?” He pops back, gently rocking his hips forward and fucking his hands.
Zach pauses for a moment, enjoying how hot and heavy his cock feels in his palms, he thinks it over as every second longer he stares at that thick cock, the harder it gets to stay focused: “I-I…I’m just gonna bend over, how about that? Make it easy for everyone.” He mumbles, snapping himself out of his light stupor.
Juan eyes Zach’s slenderness down as he bends over, his pale snow skin looking damn near flawless as the light slipping through the blinds outside shows off his smooth back right down to his plump and spread open ass: “I can almost touch my toes!” He giggles looking back and up at Juan through his legs.
Juan smiles and pops his thumb in his mouth: “Who’s your dream fuck, Zach?” He asks as his thumb pops out of his mouth with a borderline cartoonish pop.
“It’s a little corny….” His blush beaten face awkwardly mewls back.
Juan rubs Zach’s beautifully spread mounds, both hands tossing and tushing his jiggly cheeks and toying around spreading his pink untouched hole apart: “Try me.”
“It’s kinda’ve been you….” He moans back after a deep exhale.
Juan pops his eyebrows and rubs his slicked thumb over his petite pink hole: ‘Oh?” He pops back slightly surprised.
“What set it over the edge was a snap picture Vincent showed me one time at a party.” He moans, carefully bumping his hips back on that precarious thumb pressing down on him.
“Go on…” Juan nods, still trying to tease right now and keeps gyrating his thumb around.
“I showed him this pic that ah- Will sent me of him laying his dick out on a wine bottle and he showed me that pic of you laying in bed one morning and you just took a pic of yourself looking down your body showing off your abs and your bulge.” He seamlessly gets through it all with only a few stubborn moans that escaped out.
Juan nods now satisfied and presses his thumb down in, Zach gasping out now getting that desirable burn stoking about in his gut: “I don’t remember that one but it sounds like me, yeah…” He chuckles at the thought.
“You made it something- ahhh-“ He hisses, stopping himself as he feels his crooked thumb bury deeper inside him: “You popped your tip out the top of your waistband and you could just barely see though the gap just how hard you really were…” He hisses with clenched teeth, his fingers digging harder into his calves.
“That sure does sound like me…” Juan pops his thumb out and spits right on his hole and presses his aching tip right to it: “How bad have you wanted this?” He rasps, squeezing his cheeks together and squishing his cock between them.
“Treat me l-like Nicolaj… make me a sputtering mess.” He chokes out: “Put that dick up in my spine pleaseeeee….” He cries as he bucks back.
Juan grips his hips in place and drools down a little more on his shaft: “I can do that…” He whispers back: “Ready?”
“Y-yessss please…” He begs, his moans sounding like whimpering cries now more than ever.
He drools a bit more down right on his tip and slides in with a tight gasp from Zach: “Is this how you wanted me?” He hisses, his voice wavering a little now that his cock is re-wrapped in a heavenly tight grip again.
Zach’s mind is lucid trying to process how strong that thick cock spreading his ass apart, every thrust is only making him sluttier for more as he’s been depraved of any real action this entire time: “Just fuck me… talk later…” He whimpers through the building pressure inside.
Juan is quiet for a few moments, the sounds of Zach’s whimpers and how loud and lewd the sounds are when their hips meet fill the living room, overpowering the now ignored nature documentary. With Nicolaj still lulling about on the couch splayed open and used, the two are just to themselves for now.
Zach can barely keep his eyes open, he doesn’t even dare look between his legs anymore, he caught sight before of that thick cock disappearing inside him and he about whited out. He tilts his head up, straining his neck trying to stay stable but his spine feels so fluid and loose right now. Every thrust is jabbing right past his prostate like it was nothing and seemingly pounding right at his spine, sending energy and nerve tingling’s all over his body.
Juan bites his lip as he feels Zach spasm a little on his cock, his right leg was shaking as he barely stayed attached to keep standing up: “How bad do you want it?” He pants, wanting to end it now.
Zach cries out, his mind only fixated on the cock burrowing its way deeper inside his insides: “I need it…” He croaks out, letting go of his legs and starts trying to stand straight.
Juan helps him and wraps one arm around his chest and holds him tight, burrowing his cock down to the base as they’re standing tall pressed together: “How bad?” He grunts gently in his ear.
Zach is all whimpers now, he looks down and sees Juan’s powerful arm lock him in place and his other down at his cock, palming it trying to make him cum: “D-don’t pull out..” He whispers back, placing his own arm around Juan’s.
Zach feels it all burning in his gut now, every slam forward he swears he can feel hit his stomach. He clenches hard around Juan and begs silently for his sweet release. He feels every inch spread him apart and leave him aching and begging for more the moment he feels any bit of emptiness inside him.
Juan tips his head down to the back of Zach’s neck and huffs: “It’s so fucking close…”
Juan grits his teeth harder as Zach clenches tighter yet again, finally getting that last little bit he needed. He snaps his cock right back in and holds Zach close to him as his cock twitches inside him: “Just… one… more…” He pants, so desperately searching for his release.
Zach hits his peak the moment he feels Juan’s thick warm seed spurt out inside him: “Oh fuck…” He pants tirelessly.
Zach spills his warmth out in Juan’s cupped hand, relishing every little second he can of his lover’s cock rooted inside him and twitching out rope after rope of his seed: “Fuck I needed this…” he happily moans, resting back in Juan’s sweaty bodily embrace.Their embrace is short lived as right when he’s finished, Juan pulls his arms back and steps back and with one quick leg movement, his cock slides out with a wet pop: “Fuck I’m beat…” he giggles as he steps carefully back to the chair and falls back into it.
Zach carefully crumples down to his knees and twists around to his side and feels his puckering hole, begging him to be stuffed again: “You were fucking ruthless…” He laughs now exhausted and sensitive all over.
He presses two fingers inside a little and scoops out some of the cum steadily being forced out and brings it right to his lips: “It might be just because I’m high, but that was the best dick I swear I have ever got before.” He pops his fingers out and wipes his mouth clean.
“Mmm-hmmmmmm…” Nicolaj responds back still face down in the couch.
Juan smiles laying back in his recliner: “I’m a fucking beast…” He chuckles softly to himself.
Zach eyes Nicolaj still laid out on the couch, then Juan laying back on the chair. He eyes the cum leaking out down his inner thigh now and says: “We should clean up before we pass out.”
Juan groans and lays back even more: “It’s just you though that’s needs it…”
Nicolaj groans and slides himself down off the couch: “I got it…” He grunts now having some energy back in his system.
Zach eyes the slender Dane down as he snakes his way down the couch and army crawl towards him: “What’s your-“
Nicolaj spreads Zach’s legs apart and drags his tongue all up the cum that dripped out down his inner thigh: “I need a taste too..” He mewls.
Zach winces as the Dane carefully works his tongue around, being careful not to press too hard on his sensitive hole: “You’re a mess…” Zach grits through his teeth, watching Nicolaj lap away at him. He bites his hand as he’s just too damn sensitive to not have a moan or two slip out. He can feel his asshole pucker and force more and more of Juan’s hot seed right out of him, the slimy warmth feeling oh so dirty knowing Nicolaj is lapping it all up.
The Dane sits up a few moments later and wipes his mouth: “You’re good.” He smiles, sitting back on his knees: “We should shower thought or something.”
Zach stands up with a grunt and helps his wobbly boyfriend up with him: “before we do that though…” He steps over to Juan still laid back eyes closed in his chair: “We all said someone, who’s your dream fuck?” He looks down at Juan, smirking as Nicolaj steps beside him and does the same.
“Hm?’ Juan pops one eye open: “Oh- me…” He jolts his back up and gets a face first view of both his lover’s bare stomachs and deflated cocks.
“We need to know…” Nicolaj insists, leaning forward on the arm rest.
“Well- hmm…” He thinks for a moment: “It’s – I’d say it’s uh, Rasmus, for sure.” He taps his tongue to the roof of his mouth as the words left his body.
“Why him?” Zach pops his eyes at his answer.
“I was talking to Jankos on twitter dm’s about some jungling stuff and the conversation derailed fast when we got off topic and he showed me this video he had of him saved in his phone.” He grunts while standing up.
“It started with Jankos turning a corner shouting for Rasmus. They were in their team house and when he got to his room and kinda barged in while still shouting. Rasmus was at his computer only wearing sweats and Marcin said: “Lemme see boy!”
Zach and Nicolaj turn their heads down giggling.
“Rasmus spun around in his chair and said “What, this?’ As he flicked his sweats down and his juicy looking cock flopped out. Like, I’d never have guessed he had that packing but my god was I blown the fuck back. Thick, hard, intimidating... man’s has everything. Marcin then gave him all sorts of praise, watching him bat it around and wrap his hand around it. It was really weird, not gonna lie, but hot too.” He finishes with a cute little toe curl and popping up on his ankles.
“Rasmus and Marcin…” Nicolaj scratches his chin: “Seems typical like behavior for them…” He smirks thinking a little more on it.
“But anyway- only shower is my room and it’s one at a time since it’s a small, cramped stall shower. Me first.” He lurches forward with a long stride towards his bedroom.
“What a nice host…” Zach grumbles as he sits on the couch.
“Re-watch some of that nature documentary. It’s not like we actually watched it in the first place!” Juan calls out behind his now closed door.
Nicolaj sits down next to his equally nude counterpart and hands him his glasses: “I like, barely saw any of that documentary- I’m still way too high to think straight.” He chuckles as he leans in to Zach’s shoulder.
They both sit back in the couch and Zach re-winds it back close to the start: “I guess we can just watch it now that we’re not horny little devils anymore.” He snuggles in a little closer to Nicolaj.
They all eventually shower and all cuddle up on the couch to spend the rest of the night riding out the rest of their high with the documentary. They’re all cuddled up under an enormous quilt Juan had in his closet and they all only bothered to put their sweats back on.
It was only a matter of an hour before they all three drifted to sleep cozied up like the good old days.
END.
It was one of those days where everything was hazily bad. Not unbearable but heavy and dull and just one half step to the side of what it should be. A day that happens sometimes to some people, and is mostly made tolerable with similarly dispirited company.
So they were sitting on the living room floor of the Du Loc apartment, where there was a thick rug good for absently running one’s fingers on. Gawain was vaguely pretending to read Tom Stoppard, and Lancelot was tracing circles on the carpet, and watching Gawain, and humming tunelessly.
Gawain shifted slightly to be closer, book folded in his lap. “When I was a kid I was convinced I would die at nineteen. I don’t know why.” He said it like it had just come to mind, and perhaps it had.
“Like, on your birthday?” Lancelot asked, attending this point thoughtfully.
Shrugging, he answered. “Christmas, I think. Winter. It would have been snowing, anyway.”
“Well, I’m glad you didn’t,” Lancelot said gently.
Sitting straight with a start to clarify, Gawain faced him intently.“I wasn’t planning--”
“I know!”
Reassured on this point, he sat back. “Just, I was sure I would somehow. Since I was a little kid so I sort of planned-- around it. Like I had to get out at eighteen and bring my brothers, and I did, and that was-- I thought-- the point of my existence.” He rushed past this point breathlessly before it could be examined, “then I had a little over a year and I went to college sure, and had fun and tried to do everything, and then I-- I didn’t die.”
He shrugged, looking off into some distant point somewhere over Lancelot’s shoulder. “It was a normal winter and I never told anyone and suddenly I had so much time I hadn’t planned for.”
Delicately, Lancelot nodded. “That doesn’t… not make sense.”
With an indecorous laugh, Gawain leaned forward to sprawl in his lap. “No, no, it’s alright, speak your mind this is the-- the free marketplace of ideas.”
“Okay, well, it does explain some things about you,” Lancelot admitted not unkindly. As if to ameliorate this comment, he ruffled Gawain's hair-- really he thought it was soft and nice to run one's fingers through, but no one else had to know that. “You’re much better now though, you know.”
“Low bar,” Gawain muttered, face still pressed into the front of Lancelot’s sweater. “But thank you. I hope so.”
There was a moment of companionable yet awkward silence, before Gawain huffed in tired amusement. “You can play with my hair, that’s allowed.”
“Oh. Thank you.”
Somewhat recently, Gawain had formally decided that casual physical affection was the good kind of weird, and was satisfied with this arrangement. They were silent again for a while as if the conversation was forgotten. In actuality, Lancelot was thinking rather closely on the matter, while his fingers wove absently through brown curls.
“I think…” he said finally, “I see how it could be more frightening to-- find yourself with an expanse of unexpected time, then to anticipate death. Like, how-- you were sure and there's comfort in surety like that, sometimes. Knowing is having the ability to plan and be in control, in a weird way?”
“... yeah,” Gawain agreed, turning to rest his cheek on Lancelot’s chest. “You’re too good a person to see through me so well. Odd man.”
“I could have hidden depths,” he suggested mildly. “I was really into true crime last year.”
“And this year. And next year, probably, and-- ow!” Gawain pulled away a hand width to glare suspiciously up at his face. “You pulled my hair.”
“...maybe. Sorry.”
Summoning the energy for a devilish grin, Gawain placed both hands on Lancelot’s shoulders and, yieldingly, he let himself be pinned up against the couch. “Well, I’ll have to do something to you in revenge.”
Lancelot turned pink, said something like, “Oh-- hng-- yeah!” and Gawain leaned forward, and--
The key turned in the front door. Vivian walked inside and put her purse down on the table, and greeted Gawain, who was sitting across the room from Lancelot.
“Hello Mrs Vivian thank you for permitting me to exist in your beautiful home,” Gawain said quickly.
“Um. Hi, mom.”
“Uh huh,” she looked unconvinced. “What have you been up to?”
Lancelot stalled. They were just sitting on the floor. Incredibly suspicious.
“Reading…. This book,” Gawain tried valiantly, pointing at the requisite prop.
She narrowed her eyes, fighting a smile. “Salacious literature huh? That’s going in your record Gawain Orkney.”
“Yes ma’am.”
“You know I’m joking don’t you?”
“Yes ma’am.”
Vivian laughed lightly. “Alright, alright. Do you two want to order take out?”
“Yes please thank you Mrs Vivian.”
The day wasn’t, by definition, one that could be rectified, by anything short of going to bed and trying for a better one. But good company and takeout and listening to Lancelot explain the Burke and Hare murders while they mostly didn’t watch Jurassic Park was a halfway decent way to spend the interim. Around nine, Vivian cheerful and not unkindly invited Gawain to leave. Lancelot accompanied him down the litany of stairs, and they parted on the front step.
“Ah-- sorry we just sat on the floor all afternoon?”
Gawain kissed his cheek. “It was nice. I like being boring I think, it’s nice.”
Pink returning to his face, Lancelot smiled hesitantly. “Well. Still. Sorry my mom kicked you out at nine and-- uh-- I-- We haven’t--”
Kissing him goodbye with a smile, Gawain shrugged. “We’ve got time right? Lots of time. Not such a bad thing.”

The bet is really simple. Hal just has to go stright to some random human being and tell them a pick-up line. Easy, right?
But there're two 'but's.
First 'but' – this 'random human being' won't be totally random. It will be chosen by Guy Gartner. And if that isn't bad enough, there's always a second 'but' – it shouldn't be just a pick-up line, it has to be The Worst Pick-Up line in the world.
Great, right?
Well, Hal isn't a stranger to making clown of himself. He has a really long intership, so he shouldn't be really embarrassed. And he isn't, not really.
He had done much worst than that.
The point is – Guy is the worst friend ever (or he just can be if he wants and now he definitely wants it really bad).
He noticed that Jordan was just glancing from time to time at some cute blonde guy in the corner of the bar. And Guy of course got the wrong idea. He said Hal was starring and of course he had to choose cute blondie as a best bet's victim.
What's worst, before they made the bet Hal even actually thought about talking to cute blondie. Not because he wanted to know that guy that much, but because that guy looked very sad. Looking by how obsessively he checked his phone almost every minute since he got to the bar – he was definitely stood up by someone (just as Hal and Guy being stand up by John, who apparently had better things to do or was just too scared to go with two of them and probably was right with the second one; he was the last totaly sane and inteligent Green Lantern on Earth – at least in his, and most of superheroes opinion – so going somewhere with Hal and Guy alone could be kind of really traumatic for him).
So, all in all, Hal really just wanted to help and make cute blondie's evening better.
But then the Guy happened and that's it.
Now, Hal's making his way through slightly crowded bar, thinking that it could have always went a way worse. He notices Guy, who's apparently trying to sit at the bar counter, closer to whole action – close enough to hear all the show, but not enough to make it suspicious.
Just great, Hal has a true audience now.
When Jordan aproaches cute blondie, he isn't even noticed in the first place. The bar is too noisy, with all the sounds of laughing, and talking, and music. He has to sit next to man to make him rise his head from phone.
From shorter distance Hal can tell that cute blondie isn't some sort of hyper hansome playboy type, nor delicate beauty type. He's rather normal type. He just has something friendly in his look, something really warm and lovable. Something hard to describe, but definitely noticable.
He has a deep, blue eyes with sparkles in them, Hal notices.
"Okay, I'm here. What's your next two wishes?" Hal says with all his confidence and his most charming smile. The line was of course also chosen by Guy.
For a minute blondie is just starring at Hal and bliknking slowly. And then he speaks.
"Whoa, okay..." He has a really nice, warm voice, even thought it sounds suprised. It suits him well, Hal thinks. "Probably a glass of water, 'cause that was dry. And terrible."
"Yeah, I know" Hal agrees with laughter, because... well, that was terrible. And dry. Also because cute blondie looks slightly bit as if Hal just tried to convince him his grandmother was a poodle a second ago, or as if Jordan just offended his cat (assuming he has a cat... or grandmother, in this case). "That was the point. Y'know, just a silly bet. Sorry for that."
Hal points at Guy behind his back (who's trying to look as unintrested in this conversation as he can, but still manages to look exceptionally suspicious) as if that explains everything, and smiles apologetically at blondie.
"But I think I can fix that. What 'bout that glass of water... or maybe something stronger? What do you think 'bout a drink?" Hal asks and uses all of his charm, and boldness. And probably also brashness.
This actually cannot work, but he's Hal Jordan. He's awesome. There's nothing impossible for him.
"Wait," Cute blondie answers, frowning a bit as if he's thinking on something hard. "wouldn't it made your horrible line actually work?"
Hal doesn't have an answer for that.
"Well, yeah. If you look on this like that, you're totally right." He agrees and decides to change the subject, because he can't argue against that. "By the way, the name is Hal."
"Oh... I'm Barry" Cute blondie– Barry says quickly, and seems to blush a bit, but it's hard to tell thanks to semidarkness in the bar.
"Barry Allen." He adds shortly.
"If that's so, I'm Jordan. Harold Jordan." Hal says seriously, obviously parodying James Bond and Barry smiles at that.
He has a really nice smile.
"What are you doing in this beautiful night at bar alone?" Hal asks, even thought he probably knows the answer already.
Barry seems to genuinely sadden a bit. Just a moment ago he was too involved in conversation with Hal to remember about whatever it was, Hal assumes.
"Oh, Iris- it is, my friend, she's a reporter and has a lot of work. Very often unexpected work. She couldn't get here on time. But I guess it's okay, since I do that a lot as well. I mean, not showing up at the appointed time."
"I see... What a shame." Well, it is a shame. But not for Hal, probably.
"So, if you're free tonight and if you don't want to let me make it up to you by drink, I have a better idea." Hal continues with mischievous grin, because Barry still doesn't seems very convinced. Fortunately, he has an ace up his sleeve. "What 'bout I let you choose my friend's bet's victim in revenge? Y'know, a person who he will be obliged to talk to with the worst pick-up line ever? What'd you say on that?"
Now, Barry's smile is still nice, cute and all, but also a bit scary.
"Well, I would say he may not be happy about it." he answers with a grin and looks theatrical at something behind Hal. As if it isn't enough, he also nods his head in chosen direction.
Hal turns around and can't help but also grin. Barry's pointing at a bunch of gentelmans, looking like thoroughbred bodybuilders (and remarkable unfriendly). Even from his place in corner of the bar he can hear a loud swearing and that's the most he can understand from these gentelmen's conversation.
"That totally works for me." Hal says happily and can't help but feel as if he just met his soulmate.
Hux sits at his desk in his private office, hunched over his datapad, scrolling through report after report. There’s a glass of fine Tevraki whiskey lounging on his right, but he’s barely touched it, concentrated as he is on the stream of data before his eyes.
He doesn’t particularly notice when the door to his bedroom slides open and Ren emerges in nothing but his black boxers. Hux lifts his gaze just for long enough to register a pout on Ren’s face, then returns back to his datapad.
“Hux,” Ren calls, somewhere between cautious and plaintive. Hux ignores him. “I’ve been waiting for hours,” Ren complains, putting his hands on his thighs and leveling a glare at Hux that isn’t returned.
“I’m busy,” Hux mutters, mentally berating himself for giving in to the distraction. Ren can do and think whatever he wants; Hux has actual business to take care of. And, unlike Ren, he has the willpower to do it instead of succumbing to his baser, carnal desires.
He studiously doesn’t look at Ren, just in case the baser, carnal desires still manage to take over.
Ren tsks, then strides toward Hux to stand at the edge of his desk, his shadow falling over the General’s datapad. Hux adjusts the screen brightness and proceeds with his reading.
“Hux,” Ren says again, more insistent now, a vaguely threatening edge to his voice. He circles the desk to loom directly above Hux, breathing heavily in another attempt to elicit a reaction.
Hux doesn’t acknowledge him, swiping right to load the next report.
He can hear Ren huff above his shoulder, then his chair is suddenly moving away from his desk all by itself. Irritated, he raises his head just in time to see Ren lower his previously outstretched hand and swiftly kneel between Hux’s spread knees.
As much as the view sends a thrill straight to the pit of Hux’s stomach, he truly doesn’t have the time.
While Hux is busy collecting his thoughts, Ren makes quick work of unbuttoning Hux’s pants and begins mouthing at Hux’s limp cock through his underwear. It takes all Hux’s much-praised willpower to put his hand into Ren’s hair and pull him gently away.
Ren makes a dissatisfied noise at the back of his throat as Hux guides his face away from his general genital area.
“Okay, Hux, you can’t be that busy,” he says, looking up at Hux in disbelief.
“I’m sorry, Ren,” Hux tells him, trying to let him sense the honest-to-gods regret he feels about the situation. “But I truly need to finish with this risk analysis report first.”
Ren slumps, sitting back on his heels on the floor before Hux. He looks hurt, and Hux hates it. He leans down, hooking his finger under Ren’s chin, tipping his face up and placing a kiss to his lips. He doesn’t let it get heated, just holds still for a few moments, hoping to convey that he isn’t happy about the bad timing, either.
“I’ll make it up to you,” he says, pulling away and searching Ren’s eyes. “I promise.”
Ren licks his lips, where Hux’s mouth has just been. “When?” he asks, impatient but, for once, not arguing.
He won’t like the answer Hux is going to give him, but it’s the only answer Hux has for him.
“When I can,” he says, reaching out to pet Ren’s hair, as much tenderness as he can allow himself without straying too far from his schedule.
Ren visibly deflates at that, but seems to accept his loss. “I’ll be waiting in bed,” he mutters, standing up and stalking out of the office into the bedroom.
As Hux watches the door close behind him, there’s nothing he wants more than to follow him.
He makes his eyes return to the datapad and settles in for a lonely all-nighter.
Fifteen minutes later, he receives a holopicture of Ren’s fully hard dick, mumbles fuck it, and follows Ren into the bedroom.
He doesn’t regret it.
The rose petals were blossoming as Cutting Board stepped out of her apartment complex. She was tired- she had hardly gotten any sleep last night, or the night before that. Today was the third day since her breakup with Knife-san. She had been so committed to their relationship, texting him constantly, thinking about him every waking moment. Now she had to remind herself not to think about his sharp blade, his gleaming steel face. It still didn’t feel real to her.     She continued thinking about not thinking about Knife-san all of the way to the subway station. As she waited, she noticed a glint of steel from directly behind her. She glanced behind her and saw Knife-san. And standing beside him, another girl.    Her mind immediately started racing. Is she Knife-san’s girlfriend? How long had this been going on? No… Had he been seeing this new girl while they were still dating? She thought, frantically. Tears almost welled up in her eyes. No. I can’t show him how torn up I am. Besides, there’s no proof they’re dating. Guys and girls can be friends.     “Knife! Hey.” She said, actively trying not to use her pet name for him.     “Oh. Cutting Board.” He said, barely sparing her a glance.    What?! No ‘Good to see you’, no ‘How have you been’?! Did she really mean that little to him?    “Who’s this?” asked the mystery girl.    “This is Cutting Board, my ex-girlfriend.” Knife said, an ounce of venom creeping into his husky, masculine voice as he said her name.     “And Cutting Board, this is Fan, my new girlfriend.” He explained.     Ah. So it was true. He’s moved on already. Cutting Board thought, the tears she had been trying with all her might to hold in trickled to the surface.    “Well,” She sobbed,”It’s gr-great to see that you’re well.”     NO! If you cry in front of him, he’ll think you’re pitiful! He’ll think you still love him! She chastised herself.    But don’t you? The thought shook her to her core. Don’t I still love him? If I didn’t, this wouldn’t tear me up so much.    As she sat there, fighting her own psyche, the subway rolled into the station. Without saying goodbye or even looking back, Knife strolled into the train. Looking up, Cutting board managed to control herself. She stepped onto the train, her world seemingly falling apart.    After a few stops, she made it to her school, Kurinji High. Why would he even go to that stop? He knows that was where we went together every morning. She thought, stewing in anger, jealousy, and sadness. Fan is so much more beautiful than me, too. She has curves, and I’m just a rectangular plastic board.     As she walked down the path to her school, her mind racing, she failed to notice her surroundings. The ground in front of her was wet. It had rained yesterday morning, so most of the rain had dried already. However, the area in front of her is covered in almost perpetual shadow because of the placement of the trees. As she stepped on the patch of moistness, her legs slipped out from under her.    As she fell rapidly backwards toward the stone ground, a pair of sturdy, chiseled arms caught her. She hadn’t noticed that anyone else was even on the path. The arms picked her up and turned her around to face their owner. Her cheeks blazed red at his handsome green face and full lips.    Her heart pounded on her tempered plastic ribcage as he said with a kind smile,”Are you alright?”     For how much those three words made her heart flutter, he may as well have said ‘I love you.’    “Hi, my name is Pepe the Frog. Nice to meet you.” He told her casually, pulling her up onto her feet with ease.    She was still stunned, even as he walked to the school with her. On the way there, she noticed that hard though she may try, she couldn’t look away from him. She remained captivated by him until they entered the school.    “Oop, my class is this way. See you!” He said, turning right.    For a moment, she considered following him to stay under his spell a few extra minutes. Then she thought better of it. She had math in less than three minutes. She was already going to be late, and she didn’t want to make it worse.    Still though, he was dreamy. It was almost like-    Knife-san? Said that abhorrent voice in her head. It wasn’t wrong though. This whole situation was very similar to how she had met her ex-boyfriend. Out of the blue, he had shown up and swept her off her feet with his dashing good looks. And that situation hadn’t ended well. She had a different feeling about this Pepe guy, however...     The next few weeks were like a dream. She met quite a few of Pepe’s friends, and continued talking to him. They started walking with each other to classes. And, though she pretended not to care, he seemed to be single. Things continued on like this, until one day.    “Oh come on, Blender, I could never.” Cutting Board jokingly said, walking down the halls with one of Pepe’s friends.    “Did you really think we wouldn’t notice? You stick around Pepe like glue. The boys may be oblivious, but it was obvious to me and Branch.” Blender mocked.    Blender was really nice. Cutting Board had had some misgivings about Pepe’s female friends, thinking it was impossible that they wouldn’t like him, but she had been wrong! By this time, her initial infatuation with Pepe had solidified into a crush. The girls all knew and teased her about it. It was all in good fun.    “You should ask him out! Look.” She told Cutting Board, pointing to a poster on the school bulletin board. It announced, in large red letters, that there was a dance this coming Saturday.     It was true, she had heard plenty about it. Blender herself had a date, Bowl, as did a few other of Pepe’s friends. In fact, she had considered asking him to the dance, but decided she didn’t have the courage to try.    “Listen, Cutting Board, the worst thing he could say is ‘no.’”    “No, the worst thing he could say is that he had no idea that I had feelings for him and that this confession had changed his view of me, and that he didn’t want to be friends anymore because it would just be awkward.” Cutting Board stammered, the anxiety that kept her from asking him last time bubbling to the surface of her mind.    “Woah,” Blender said, grabbing one of Cutting Board’s shoulders to calm her down,”You realize how crazy you sound, right? Pepe’s a nice guy, and he wouldn’t end your friendship just because you told him you liked him. You don’t have to ask him out, just do what you feel is right for you.”    “You’re right.” Cutting Board said, sighing,”But I will ask him to that dance.”     Later that day, as classes ended, Cutting Board found Pepe in the halls. She opened her mouth, preparing herself for the worst, but before she could ask him to go to the dance with her, Pepe put his hand on the wall next to her head. Immediately, her cheeks turned beet red. Pepe took a deep breath, as though steeling himself for something.    “Will you go to the dance with me?”

I hate myself
The Master looked at Gallifrey. The whole planet was burning. He had walked amongst the streets, smirking as his people ran from him, their broken bodies littered behind him. It was funny, watching all the little toy soldiers running around, trying to protect the people, trying to stop him until they became, well, little toy soldiers. Another one ran up close, about to fire when the Master simply pressed the button on the TCE. He could start up a toy empire. He’ll watch all the little children buying their action figures, never knowing what they were playing with and putting in their mouths were corpses of fallen Gallifreyans.
He was going to make them pay. For using him. For using his best friend. For using both of them.They will all burn.
“What are you doing?”
It was a simple enough question that the boy asked. He wore a red shirt with short green sleeves and an R embroidered into the right breast, a yellow cape, along with green shoes, gloves, mask, and shorts. He had light skin and black hair. His name was Jason Todd, although the girl only knew him as Robin, the Boy Wonder and Batman’s sidekick. Barely seventeen -his birthday having been only a week ago- He’d been at this for four years, not counting the one that he spent both recovering from his near death experience in Ethiopia and then grounded from being Robin.
Said girl replied, “What does it look like? I’m on patrol.” Her name was Stephanie Brown, but at times like this while she was in her vigilante identity, she went by Spoiler. A few months ago she’d dawned the costume to stop her father, Cluemaster. After his arrest and another time he’d basically kidnapped her, she’d started trying to be a hero for real and not just whenever Cluemaster came around. Her costume was eggplant, and covered her entire body, although it likely couldn’t without the black boots, gloves, and mask that covered her face -although an eggplant hood was covering her ponytail.
Right now the two were on top of a roof looking down at the city. “What, do you disapprove of me like your old man?”
“Actually I was going to give you this,” Robin handed her a few hundred dollar bills.
“What the- free money?” Spoiler stared, disbelievingly. “Is there a catch?”
“No catch, I just thought you could use it.”
“Thanks, but why?”
He shrugged, “before Batman found me, my family wasn’t exactly financially stable either.”
She grabbed it from his hand, and stuffed it into her belt.
“I’m about to go on a stakeout. You wanna join?”
Stephanie smiled, “I didn’t expect that invitation, but Boy Wonder, you’re making me the happiest girl in the world!”

“So You guys think the gang is going to meet up here?” Spoiler said.
“Pretty much.” Robin responded, while looking through a pair of binoculars and reaching for a fry.
The two were now on a different roof, looking down at an abandoned garage. On their way the two had grabbed some burgers and fries because, in Jason’s words “If crime doesn’t take dinner breaks, then you should bring dinner to the stakeouts, and therefore have the advantage of not being hungry.” To which Steph informed him that he needed to work on his big speeches if he wanted to be making famous quotes.
“What’s their big business?” She asked, “Arms dealers? Lackeys? ...Drug dealers?”
He grimaced, thoughts of his deceased stepmother filling his head. “Last two. The Ghost Dragons seem to work for King Snake, and run heroin. The monsters even sell it to kids.”
She frowned, thinking of her own mother. “I can’t wait for them to rot in jail.”
“Neither can I,” He responded.
Around an hour passed of waiting, when the gang at long last appeared.
“Everyone seems to have arrived,” Robin analyzed the scene. “On the count of three we’ll burst in. One, Two…”
Before he could finish Stephanie jumped down and crashed into the scene.
“Intruder!” A young woman, seeming to be the leader, yelled. Said lady had black hair and only one eye. She was wearing a red leotard, black jacket and boots, and red and black leggings.“Kill her!”
The ten other members all pulled out their guns and started shooting at Spoiler, who gracefully dodged, knocking a gun out of the hands of two of the men.
Robin followed his partner down onto the scene, immediately taking out another two. Unfortunately in the distance the woman -Lynx, if Jason recalled the files correctly- snuck up behind Spoiler, grabbed her arm, and twisted it. She bit her lip, trying not to give her the satisfaction of showing her any signs of the pain.
“Feel that girl?” Lynx taunted, “That’s your arm breaking.” She then kicked her opponent to the ground, “and this is a bullet going through your skull,” Lynx leaned down and pinned Stephanie to the ground, before putting her gun to the other girl’s head, point blank.
“Spoiler!” Robin cried, quickly running over and kicking Lynx off of her. The woman started picking herself up “You’ll pay-” before she could finish the Boy Wonder threw a smoke bomb, and to the frustration of the villainess was nowhere to be found.
“Find them!” She ordered the remaining men.
“I can’t believe I botched the mission…” Stephanie said. The two were in her room now, and he was putting her arm in a cast. “Maybe Batman’s right. Maybe I am too reckless.
“Nonsense!” Jason disagreed, “How would you waiting have changed anything? It would only mean that we swooped down in unison. Trust me, I know reckless. And maybe that was a little, but you could have done so much worse.”
“Still, me almost getting myself killed stopped you from getting rid of them for good.”
“Rookie mistake. You just need to train more.”
“How am I supposed to do that?” She lamented, “There’s no way Batman will help teach me and my family can’t afford any martial arts classes. Plus can you imagine dad’s reaction to learning I took up Karate or Taekwondo?”
“I could help teach you,” He replied.
“What?”
“I said I’ll help you.”
She laughed, “Please, after tonight? You ought to be taking Batman’s side on making me hang up the cowl. My god, why don’t you get that?”
“Maybe I see myself in you,” He replied. “Maybe I remember that time I was just as reckless and nearly died. And maybe… maybe I like being with you.”
“Why are you bright red?” Steph asked. He looked away.
“Either way, I’m accepting your offer.” She told him. He smiled. “And if by ‘I like being with you’ you were saying that you had a crush on me, then I like you too.”
His eyes widened, “Really? You…” a grin filled Jason’s face, “That was what I meant, and I never imagined that this was how the confession would go, but here we are I guess, and now… does this mean we’re dating?”
She responded by kissing him, before saying “Yes, it does.”
The two started to kiss again, before breaking it for Robin to say “You know, you really should go to a professional doctor about that arm.”
It's late in the evening, but there is still one figure rehearsing in a studio in the Jimusho. He's obsessively rehearsing a dance he already knows, but just can't stop. Rehearsing the dance, repeating the movements again and again, but still unable to get the images and thoughts out of his head. In fact, it seems that his rehearsal is only making them stronger however he wants to block them out of his mind.
He keeps remembering the photoshoot earlier that day and Takizawa-kun's "brilliant" suggestion that they do a shirtless shoot, just because that's what the fans like, don't they. Yeah, right, like that was his only reason for it...
He remembers how it was slightly embarrassing at first, but when the cameras started flashing he forgot all about it, and did his job, just like he'd done a thousand times before. Still, while posing, he couldn't help noticing the younger boy who was almost in Tackey's lap and was leaning against his chest.. He was looking a bit sullen for some reason, but Tackey was smiling brightly enough for all three of them.
He knows that it's hopeless. Even though he and Tackey have been best friends for a long time now, sometimes he does resent the easy outgoing personality of the other boy, since most of the time it puts him in his shadow. He is the "dancing king" and he knows that everyone suspects that he and Tackey might have something more going on, but nobody suspects the truth. Except maybe Tackey, and only because he knows Tsubasa so well.
Still, he had to suggest that they do that photoshoot. He had been able to appear calm while there, but afterwards... He does the form one more time.
Suddenly he falls down, gasping for breath, trying to keep the sobs that are threatening him from breaking out. Oh god, why is he feeling this way! He knows it's hopeless, but he can't help it. His feelings will never have any response.
Suddenly he hears a hesitant voice saying his name. "Imai-kun? Takizawa-kun sent me here, he said -" And that finally breaks him down and he can't hold the tears back anymore. The younger boy's steps get closer and he asks worriedly, "Are you.. Are you alright, Imai-san?"
"Yes... No, I... It's.." And he lifts his tear-filled eyes to the younger boy, his eyes showing all the suppressed feelings he has kept hidden so long. Tsubasa half-lifts his hand towards the younger boy, but then lets it fall, hiding his face again.
Suddenly he feels the younger boy's arm on his shoulder and then he is in Yamapi's arms who is comforting him, trying to say that everything will be alright. That only makes him cry harder, but then he feels Yamapi's hand caressing his hair and hears his voice murmuring at him like he was a small child.
He blindly turns towards the younger boy and one of the caresses lands on his cheek. He can't help himself anymore and grabs the boy's head and kisses him with all the passion and desperation he has hid thus far. There is a brief look of surprise in Yamapi's eyes, but then he starts returning the kiss.
But after a moment Tsubasa yanks his mouth off and starts babbling about how sorry he is for everything that just happened, thinking he will die of embarrassment if the younger boy ever suspects the truth. But in the middle of his babbling, Yamapi leans towards him and takes his head between his hands, and looking straight into his eyes, says very seriously: "If I had known you felt this way... I, I, well, Tackey knows I've always admired..."
Tsubasa starts to feel a small bit of wonder and even a hint of hope creeping into his mind. "He always teased me about it, ever since he noticed it, but I just... You seemed so unreachable and I always thought that you and Tackey..." the younger boy continued. And then he kissed Tsubasa again.
Christmas parties are not, and will never be, George’s thing.
He’s never been an outgoing person by nature, actually, but pretty much in his first week of university he was swept up by Sapnap and Dream -- who, to his great luck and greater misfortune, are the biggest pair of extroverts he’s ever had the misfortune to meet. Two years later, he’s still dragged out to every half-assed party and every bar they ever choose to go to -- tonight he doesn’t even know who’s oversized house he’s winded up in.
But it’s almost Christmas, and so in traditional Christmas spirit, his friends have decided that the best thing for him is to be a little social. In Sapnap’s words, stop moping around on the carpet.
George doesn’t really think moping around on the carpet is the worst way to spend an evening, especially not when the alternative is being forcibly shoved into your friend’s obnoxiously loud car and driven to a house he’ll get lost in within the hour. Given he’d had a choice, he would full well be drinking eggnog alone in the comfort of his own home on this crisp December evening. Of course, because Sapnap is a persuasive little bitch (“the eggnog is better there anyways, you dumbass”), he hasn’t been given one.
It’s barely been an hour since Sapnap drove him here, and he’s already been virtually abandoned for some boy named Karl he’s never heard of in his life. The music is loud and the people are louder, and George recognizes exactly none of them. He also hasn’t run into Dream once in the fifty or so minutes since he arrived.
Normally, Dream is social enough that George is forced to cling onto him in order to have a chance at surviving through an entire party, but always manages to stick by him regardless. But since Sapnap had brought him a little later than originally intended, Dream had practically already disappeared into the throngs of people by the time George walked through the stranger’s front door.
So, in short, he’s been ditched. It could certainly be a lot worse than it is right now, but it most certainly could be better.
George finds himself a spot in the corner and plans to spend the next few hours on his phone until Sapnap finally remembers to come get him, or until he gets bored and ends up going home. No doubt he might find himself interested in a girl if he looks around long enough, but there will be other girls to run into, anyways.
The minutes tick slowly by, and he’s contemplating just up-and-leaving -- he’s sure Sapnap’s car wouldn’t be that hard to steal or even to drive -- when, out of the corner of his eye, he spots a familiar face.
At first he almost does a double take because it doesn’t look familiar and he swears if it was then he wouldn’t be reacting as if the entire room just tilted sideways. But then the not-so-stranger turns from whatever conversation he’s having with a group George actually doesn’t recognize, his eyes crinkled into half-moons and a smile to light up whole buildings splitting his face joyfully, and George knows immediately who it is, even in the terrible lighting.
Because he would recognize Dream from a mile away, and today, under the glow of the Christmas lights strung poorly around the ceiling, Dream is positively glowing.
It surprises George just how good he looks. Not that it means anything to him, but he definitely notices it, because Dream’s hair is parted slightly differently, fluffy enough to run your hands through, and his expression is nothing short of joyful, and the jacket he wears falls over his shoulders just casually enough that it looks like he’s barely even trying.
He is trying, definitely, because George knows what Dream looks like in his spare time, and it’s definitely not this. But he looks odd tonight, the good kind of odd, and George… can’t look away.
(Now. He’s straight, Dream is a guy, so is he; they’re also best friends. His staring is nothing short of absolutely platonic, and perhaps that’s why, a good few yards away from his so-called best friend and barely even drunk, George decides looking away simply isn’t necessary.)
Until one of the guys in Dream’s circle, whoever he happens to be, points over his shoulder in George’s sort of direction, and immediately he lets his eyes fall to the ground. It’s far too late to take it back, though, because Dream’s first response is to turn, wave at him, and ditch his group of curious followers at once.
George half freezes-up just watching him walk in his direction, purely for the reason that Dream looks oddly intimidating even from the best-friend perspective. His coat falls half-off his shoulders and his jeans are ripped in the way that exposes a little too much of his legs, and he’s effortless in a way that George can only dream of being as he walks toward him with a smile.
“George! I haven’t seen you all night, where’ve you been?”
“I’ve been here,” he answers at once, standing up from where he’s leant against the wall because Dream is tall and he’s, well, not, “just not doing anything. You could’ve come looking for me, you know.”
Dream sighs in the overly-dramatic way he always does when he’s trying to make himself look innocent. “I got busy,” he says, not quite complaining but certainly with an edge of irritation, “I would’ve come to see you if I could, but everyone wanted to talk to me and I-- ugh.”
“Yeah?” George quirks an eyebrow. “What’s stopping you from leaving them?”
“My--” He hesitates for a second, and George can see that his eyes are just a tiny bit glassy, frozen-over like ice on water. “Elite social status,” Dream finishes, “yeah, that.”
“...Uh-huh.”
“Hey, hey, hey.” Dream makes a face at him, his cheeks reddening just a little. “Don’t even go there! It’s better than yours.”
“Whatever,” George yawns. “Not important. Are you gonna take me home, or no?”
“Take you.. home?”
His eyes are bleary and confused, and George finds himself just a little worried for his overexcitable best friend, because how can he not be the overprotective elder in the relationship? “Yeah,” he says slowly. “I’m bored, Dream, and Sapnap certainly isn’t going anywhere.”
Dream is already looking around at the surrounding crowd, observing the rows and spaces between each person in search of an easy path to the exit. “I’m not--” he starts, his voice catching at the edge of his throat. “I’ve had a little too much to drink for that to be safe, Georgie.”
George blinks. Right. “Oh,” he says dumbly, “yeah.”
“You seriously haven’t had anything?” Dream grins, sweeping a clammy hand through his hair. George is reminded once again of how damn fluffy it looks right now; just like his was before he trimmed it a couple months ago, but longer and with more volume and a good deal more taken-care-of than he’s ever bothered to do.
He finds himself wondering how soft it would be to touch, before catching himself.
“Of course I haven’t, loser,” he teases. “You’re forgetting who you’re talking to.”
Dream squints at him. “O-- okay. We’re not leaving, by the way.”
“No?”
“No.”
They stare at each other for another clouded moment, and suddenly Dream’s grabbing his hand, dragging him through the living room and out into the hallway, and George finds himself unable to protest.
As they walk, he becomes dimly aware that they’re holding hands. Dream’s hand is warmer than usual, warm enough that it’s almost a little uncomfortable to hold, and yet George can’t find it in himself to shake the blond off or even loosen his grip. It’s not really that bad after all, is all the reasoning he can find.
They lead themselves out into a tiny hallway, which, much to George’s relief, is isolated. For a minute they stand there, doing nothing but breathe. Dream’s fingers are still locked firmly into George’s and for a moment, George wonders why he hasn’t let go when they’re not even walking anymore. There’s something almost intimate about it, even though the atmosphere has barely changed. Something George can’t place.
And yet, he doesn’t let go. It’s not really that bad, after all. Friends hold hands.
Dream looks at him with a sort of half-smile. He’s slightly drunk, George can tell, but it’s barely enough to change the way they look at each other. At least, it shouldn’t.
“What ‘re we doing?” he asks after a moment, his eyes still right on George’s, as if he fully expects George to know. (He doesn’t.)
“Uhh, can we just go somewhere quiet?” George suggests. That’s what he would do if he was alone, after all -- surely it makes sense. Surely. God, he’s overthinking for absolutely no reason. It’s cold in this hallway.
“George,” Dream says quietly, “Georgie.”
“Yeah?”
“You okay?”
Dream’s expression is softer, more gentle, more knowing, when George meets his eyes next. His eyes are muddled, darker than usual but just as concerned as they would be in any other scenario. Perhaps subconsciously, he squeezes George’s hand, locking their fingers tighter together, and George swallows the feeling that arises in his throat as it happens.
It doesn’t mean anything. He’s probably just tired, and--
“I’m alright,” he assures his worried-looking friend, “probably just tired.”
--why worry about a little lack of sleep?
Fortunately, Dream is just out of it enough to not pay the thought any more mind, so he takes George by the arm once more and leads him, a leader at the worst of times like he always is, right down the tinsel-strung hallway.
The next room they reach is certainly quiet, almost too quiet -- George can practically hear the rustle of creatures stilling as they open and shut the door. Nobody seems to have walked down here; it’s a smaller part of what appears to be the basement, not that George is claiming to know this house particularly well.
Still, he’d like to think it’s a nice room. If the soft glow emanating from the fireplace and the Christmas tree in the corner are anything at all to go by, he can admire the subtle beauty painted into the textured walls. His shoes dig into the carpet as Dream leads him.
They walk another few paces, but just as the doorway seems to be getting closer, Dream draws them to a sudden halt.
It happens a little too fast to prepare for -- Dream’s eyes dart to the ceiling, and George follows his gaze as naturally as breathing, and quite suddenly above him hangs the recipe for his own demise; leaves sprouting on twigs, shining emerald in the light, white berries nestled in the enter.
He blinks, thinks of nothing at all, and then, without meaning to, stops breathing.
Mistletoe.
“Oh,” Dream murmurs. It’s the first word he’s said in a while and George feels his chest do a flip because of it. “Look at that.”
And George definitely looks. He probably burns holes into the leaves with the intensity of his gaze because he absolutely cannot look at Dream.
And it’s stupid, really, the dumbest thing in the world, for him to be getting so worked up about the prospect of what happens next, because he shouldn’t -- doesn’t, he corrects himself firmly -- like Dream like that. A tiny kiss on the lips, regardless of circumstance, shouldn’t change this simple fact.
“You know,” Dream continues in a low voice, “what they say about mistletoe, don’t you?”
George swallows, hard, and contemplates his answers. Dream isn’t exactly sober right now; it’s probably sending his train of thought astray, and he doesn’t want to be the one to pull it off-course, especially with something like this.
It’s not as if he would care, or try to deny it happening, if it did -- but it won’t. It won’t, so he pushes the thought aside.
“Dream,” George laughs nervously, “we, uh-- we don’t have to follow the mistletoe rules, do we? C’mon, let’s just--”
Dream’s hand slips out of his own, and brushes against his side, and George goes almost numb.
He’s had the longest night of his life in a while already, and he’s just about ready to go home -- and it’s easy to blame it on that, rather than on Dream’s fingers at his waist, lingering gently at the edge of his shirt. It’s almost gratifying to have something to blame it on in the first place.
But the numbing feeling is there, almost comforting, almost scary.
“It’s a party, Georgie,” Dream says, still achingly quiet. “What’s a party without a bit of fun?”
George hesitates. “I don’t,” he says, “I mean, I dunno how I’d feel about-- kissing you.”
In all honesty, it probably wouldn’t even be that bad.
But there are things that stop him. Things like… god, what’s stopping him? Himself? His sexuality? The paper-thin air in his lungs?
That’s good enough, right?
“That’s not the problem, I guess,” he fumbles, knowing all too well that he’s grasping at straws with each word he trips over. “I mean, kind of, it’s more just that I don’t think I’d do a very good job. You know.”
“Yeah, we--” Dream’s face falls just a little. “We don’t have to, of course.”
God, they’re going in circles. George is the one who has to steer them in a line.
“I guess I could learn,” he mumbles, “but I’m not good, so-- yeah, you probably don’t want to deal with that.”
But he’s not sure why the prospect of kissing his best friend even sounds like a good idea in the first place.
And it’s not like George is a particularly good kisser, either, as he’s just explained himself. Not like Dream -- practiced, over-the-top Dream who likes parties and probably knows the taste of vodka off by heart, and probably makes out with anyone he crashes into when he’s about to black out. Because after all, no matter how many times his friends drag him into the crowds of drunken frat boys and sorority girls who act much tougher than they are in front of their friends, all George can say at the end of the night is that he’s just not like that.
Not like Dream, his budding best friend and enthusiastic partygoer since he was old enough to drive and maybe a bit before; George’s bet is on seventeen. And not like Sapnap, or Karl, or any of the other people he sits next to in lectures. (It makes him sound like a special little better-than-you kid who’s a bore to be around if he says it out loud, but it’s more or less just the truth.)
Which is why he shouldn’t be here. He really, really shouldn’t be here, especially not with Dream, of all people. His best friend, of all people.
They’re touching, he notices; while their conversation has lead them to a dead end, Dream’s hands have secured themselves over his waist.
They don’t normally touch, beyond the absent brush of knuckles or Dream’s arms around George’s back. or the odd time where George falls asleep on Dream’s shoulder during movie nights -- but that’s different to this. Why is his heart in his throat? Why?
Dream has never put his hands there before. Can he feel the tension in George’s stomach through his sweaty palms? His heartbeat, even from here?
“You’ve never kissed a boy before?” Dream asks, and his face does the thing where he’s trying to work out if George is lying or if he’s under the influence, and George has to wrench his heart out of his throat in order to tell him the truth.
Dream would never forgive him if he chalked himself up to be a good kisser, and he’s pretty sure he’d be able to tell if George is lying anyways. Friendship means something, even the drunk kind, so he settles on the truth; “Dream,” he grins, “I’m straight. Remember?”
“Okay, duh, right-- well what about a girl? Anyone else?”
Dream’s eyebrows furrow; George would have thought Dream knew of his absolute-loser status by this point, but he looks just as surprised as anyone would be. “No? Really?”
“No, I--” George cringes at himself as he remembers something he’d rather not. What Dream doesn’t know won’t kill him. “Maybe once. It was truth or dare. She hated me anyways.” He says it regardless.
“Ah,” he says. He doesn’t sound as drunk as he looks, come to think of it. Does alcohol wear off quickly? George’s mind races. “Well. That’s certainly interesting.”
He’s talking like they’re strangers. From this close, George can see every freckle smattered over the bridge of his nose, the way they’re lighter on his cheeks, and it doesn’t feel like they’re strangers at all. Perhaps to get to know someone from a newer, closer angle is to meet them for the second time, but he would’ve thought that Dream would recognize him all the same.
“You really don’t know how to kiss,” Dream murmurs, his pupils reflecting the shallow lights dancing behind them.
Is he imagining the thickness in the air right now? “No, Dream, I haven’t, so you can stop asking me.”
The silence remains quieter than ever. George can hear himself take a gulp of breath, and not let it out.
He waits. His breath feels like it’s being held for him, and he couldn’t even force it out if he tried to.
“I’ll show you how,” the blond says, low, almost like he’s not sure of the words himself. And then, again. More sure. “I can show you, George, if you want me to.”
The last drop of confidence slips through George’s fingers like water, and no matter how badly he wants to hold onto it, he can’t. The words come out all jumbled and wrong and he wonders if he’s drunk after all or just terrible at talking about these things, but he still manages to slot his tongue over them in the right way and avoid making the sentence a gurgling mess in his throat.
Dream, his best friend, his platonic best friend, teaching George, whose heterosexuality is clear-as-day, how to kiss. In a platonic, helpful, better-now-than-never way. Not in the… the other way. Obviously it’s not for anything, but the-- god, it’s so fucking hot in here, isn’t it?
George bites his lip. He couldn’t say no if he wanted to.
So he doesn’t. “Sure,” he tries. “Teach me.”
Dream’s thumb settles right beneath his chin, and he tilts it up. When George meets his eyes, he isn’t sure if they’re meant to be that bright.
Heavy-lidded and slow, Dream leans down until their breaths mingle, just a couple inches closer to George’s face -- a home base for whatever he’s about to do next. George can barely swallow, barely even breathe. If practice is this exhilarating and they haven’t even kissed yet, surely the real thing must be so much better?
“Alright,” Dream says softly, “we’re gonna start slow. I’m gonna lead, and you’re gonna follow me. Try to keep your lips parted, a little bit. Okay?”
George blinks. Fuck. This is going to kill him. “Okay,” he says.
“Good,” his best friend murmurs. “Try not to move too much, George. Just stay still for me.”
He wonders if that means I’ve got you or if it just means stay still, because Dream likes to say things for no reason and he’s not very good at deciphering it. George barely has time to wonder, though, because Dream barely spares a second before kissing him, cupping his face gently between two palms and guiding their lips together in a gentle, intoxicating way, holding and holding like he knows how badly George is looking to be held in return, meeting him right in the middle of paradise--
Hold up. No, wait. Wait.
Dream is kissing him.
Fuck, that’s not supposed to feel that good. He’s not supposed to want that. Is Dream really that good of a kisser that he’s dragging George’s emotions right out of his throat, or is it--
“Ew, you just--” Dream pulls his head back with a painful jerk. “Keep-- keep your saliva to yourself, George. Weirdo.”
“Sorry!” He almost pulls back himself, but opts instead to swallow -- apparently saliva isn’t very attractive -- and winds up swallowing the uncomfortable tightness that seems to be rising in his throat as well. “Um, do you want to--” try again?
Dream’s smile is light. He doesn’t, thankfully, seem fazed. “Sure, okay. Come here.”
Once again, their exhales mingle. Once again, George’s heart leaps into his throat. Once again, Dream’s fingers slide from their loose place against his waist to cup his cheeks. Once again, every bit of breath that George might have had in his lungs seem to diffuse into something desperate before it reaches the base of his chest.
He lets his eyes close, and then Dream is kissing him like he means it even though he doesn’t; he leads, obviously, George is more of a follower in terms of just about everything when it comes to him. At first it doesn’t taste of anything much, and then it’s warm, warm where Dream touches his face and warm where his lips part in a soft sort of demand, warm where George tilts his head in and doesn’t (and he knows this makes him stupid) pull away. And it only gets warmer, brighter, kindles into something of a fire, the good kind that caresses your skin in ever-glowing, flickering flames.
Dream tastes faintly of a drink George doesn’t recognize and pine trees and honey, and George knows he’s inexperienced but he almost fears what he would do with Dream if he wasn’t -- it’s just something about the way the blond shifts to kiss him deeper, encourages his lips apart so he can force gentle entry into his mouth with his tongue. Fuck, is this his first kiss? Why is it lasting this long? Why does it feel this good?
George is only vaguely aware of the small, desperate noise that slips from his mouth, pathetic in how close it sounds to a whimper, as Dream chases all the breath out of his lungs with kisses that burn like fire. He doesn’t know how long they kiss, but it’s long enough that it feels more natural than not kissing, long enough that the short gasps in between intimate moments are beginning to blur into the hazed-out background.
“I,” George starts breathlessly as he forces their lips apart, almost falling backwards with the sheer weight that’s beginning to sink into his chest and barely having the mind to care, “Dream, you-- you’re--”
Dream is breathing just as hard as he is, and his eyes are swimming with something George can’t make himself recognize. His lips are bitten red. “George,” he breathes -- so, so quiet and so, so perfect, and George can’t remember feeling like this for a girl in his life before. “Something you have to say?”
A million things he thought he’d never say, and this.
“Kiss me again-- please.”
Dream obliges with his cheeks burning red, and George thinks he might see stars.
-
He doesn’t remember what happens next.
Or maybe George just chooses not to remind himself, not with the way they stumble into the Uber and Dream’s hands are all over him the whole way back to George’s tiny apartment and when they get to the door their eyes meet with something burning, something enough to tear houses down and light the wreckage aflame. It’s reasonable, he thinks, to not remind himself of something that makes his throat feel like it’s closing up. It’s reasonable not to want to kiss your best friend after you’re certain you’re straight, you’ve never had feelings for him like that, and for the only emotion afterwards to be pure disgust.
And yet here he is.
Throat still closing up, Dream on his sofa watching some random movie and making himself at home, George feeling awfully sober with his elbows resting on the coffee table.
The taste of pine trees and honey finds a home in the hollow pit of his stomach and writhes there until he’s addled by it, head aching, his mind a film reel of the last couple hours. Invisible handprints stamp his skin like paint, glowing in gold where Dream is no longer touching him.
Where once, he did. As friends… don’t do.
Not like that.
“Georgie,” Dream mumbles, his head tilting back against the couch cushions, “aren’t you uncomfortable down there?”
“I’m fine,” he says tensely.
“Do you wanna come sit here? I can make room, you know--”
“I’m fine,” George says again, hoping he doesn’t snap it because he can’t, and if he looks at Dream he’ll start wanting him again and he can’t do that because friends don’t want each other.
“Oh,” he hears from behind him. “O-okay.”
The guilt doesn’t set in until George buries his face in his hands and hears how shaky his breath has become. Tonight wasn’t supposed to be like this.
Five minutes pass. Ten.
Dream places his hand on George’s shoulder.
“I won’t do anything if you don’t want, I promise,” he says, “I’d never-- want to make you uncomfortable, or anything like that.”
It’s not that, he wants to say, it’s that I might do something first.
But he looks up at Dream, his best friend in the world even after tonight, and if the look in his eyes is anything to go by, it’s that George can trust him.
So he nods.
The couch is certainly much more comfortable than the floor, even with the inch that smarts and aches between George and Dream. Despite this, George can’t focus on the movie, can’t keep his eyes in one place, can’t even seem to time his blinking correctly.
It all piles up. Dream is his best friend.
He repeats it over and over and over. That’s all.
“Dream,” George murmurs, “we’re friends, right?”
Say it. Tell me that’s all we are.
For a moment Dream chooses not to respond. His hand passes briefly over George’s own, fingers loose against his palm, before he realises and pulls away. The touch is fleeting; George almost misses it as he lets it go.
“Yes,” he says at last. “Of course we are.”
“Right,” George says. Because they are friends, and it’s really quite simple.
There is nothing to indicate that they shouldn’t be.
“Do friends-- do that?” he asks, more to himself, after that.
Dream does not laugh, or snark at him, or do any of the things George expects him to do. He simply bites his lip and keeps burning holes into the TV, his eyes a colour without a name to put to it.
“Friends don’t have to-- to mean all the things they do,” Dream says, after a while. “It’s okay if you didn’t mean it.”
George bites back a thread of things he’ll definitely regret saying later, and nods. He nods because he doesn’t know what else to do with this mess that has become his head. He nods because it’s the universal language that agrees with people.
If he needs to, he can play it off as a tilt of the head. Say he never agreed to be just friends with Dream in the first place, not from the first handshake, first sleepover -- now first kiss, if we’re piling them up.
And if he needs to, he can say he nodded, and Dream just didn’t see it. Friendzone himself, sway back over the precipice. Maybe cry a little in the bathroom. (It’s nobody’s problem but his own, if he does, if the mirror is starting to find him familiar.)
Anything, as long as George keeps his mouth shut. So he does not speak.
For better or for worse, Dream lets it slide.
It’s okay if you didn’t mean it.
Because he didn’t, right?
George stands up quite suddenly, his shoulders tenser than he’d like. With a shaky exhale he hopes Dream doesn’t catch, he turns on his heel and walks away.
“What’re you--”
“I think I should go to bed, Dream,” he starts, and stops.
When he turns and sees the look on Dream’s face, quiet and sad and terribly worried, he can’t find it in himself to even walk up the stairs. His heart skips uncontrollably as Dream rises to his feet.
For a moment, neither of them move. George is the one to step forward and bring them close once more, close enough that they’re looking up and down at one another -- George tilts his chin up just enough to look into Dream’s eyes.
They don’t speak. Not for a minute.
“Did you mean it?” George whispers, well aware that his hands are reaching for something more than empty space where they rest at his sides. “You meant it, didn’t you?”
Never in a million years would he have expected to be here tonight, but the air in his lungs feels hotter and heavier than ever, and George is a reckless man on a wild impulse.
His arms pressing back against the couch, Dream looks just barely surprised by the words that linger -- still hanging uncertainly with no answer inside -- between them.
Dream’s arm slips out to grab his waist, pull him in, catch him before he falls. Their chests press flush together, and there’s a moment where George can almost see the stars dancing in his eyes before he stands up on his toes and kisses him, and closes the gap once and for all. Again, because he’s an idiot with no self-control who’s a little more in love with his friend than he ever thought he would be.
He can’t see anything, but Dream’s lips are on his and he can feel absolutely everything.
It’s slow and languid at first, but George quickly becomes accustomed to the slide of warm hands against his waist, the pressure of Dream’s mouth against his own, and he tilts his head further, parts his lips to invite Dream deeper. They stumble back against the couch, frantic and desperate and wanting, and Dream pulls him backwards, separating their mouths just for a moment and tugging them both down.
George is on top of him in another moment. Dream’s fingers slip clumsily over the curve of his hips and slide lower, lower, reaching and touching and holding as if to take claim. George’s legs part slightly as he slides down against Dream’s lap, arms curling up around his shoulders. The flavour of alcohol is fainter now, replaced with something warmer and sweeter and much, much more deadly, and George can barely breathe but he drinks it in anyways.
“Fuck,” Dream whispers, and god, George can’t take this, can’t stand another moment without Dream’s hands sliding messily under his shirt and climbing higher; he’s unravelling and he’s pathetic and he’s never felt this way and Dream is his best friend.
“Dream,” he gasps, practically melting into his arms, “I don’t think-- friends-- are like this.”
He struggles to even get the words out. Fuck, he needs Dream in all the ways he can have him.
“I don’t want you like a friend,” Dream forces out, his fingers digging into the waistband of George’s jeans. “I never have, god, you have no idea.”
The confession feels surreal, especially gasped between kisses, but after everything that’s happened tonight it may as well be just another thing Dream says to take George apart. And it works -- his heart slams into his ribcage, and he swears it cracks under the weight of the feelings leaking into his chest.
He’s never thought of Dream as someone he had a chance with, but looking back-- maybe all the staying-up-thinking-of-him and the reckless racing of his heartbeat and everyone in the world thinking they were already together, meant something after all.
Not that he jumped into this planning to have a sexuality crisis over his best friend in the world, but he’s always been a little weak to Dream anyways.
“Why--” George dips back in and kisses him again, again, again. Dream’s lips trace the side of his jaw, down the edges of his neck, back up to his mouth once more. “Why d-didn’t you say something?”
His voice stumbles over itself. Fresh intoxication sends him right over the edge of his own desire, suddenly too explosive to keep compacted, and a soft whine forces itself from his throat. Pathetic.
Dream doesn’t respond, too busy trailing kisses all over his cheeks. George can feel his face burning, and he wonders if Dream can too, if he can tell he turns George into a mess, if he knows the power he has right now.
Despite the puddle he’s turning into with Dream all over him, he still manages to maintain his composure as, slowly, Dream’s lips press into his neck, just beneath his jawline, and remain attached to him in some silent wish to lay claim over every inch of his skin.
George keeps still, doesn’t whimper or make noise even though there are a million things he’d like to say, because he wants this more than anything in the world. If he could pull away and restart this entire night, he thinks, he doesn’t know what he would do.
“You’re all I’ve ever wanted,” Dream muffles into his neck, and George can’t speak, can’t breathe, can’t take the red-hot feeling of wanting more inside his chest for a moment longer. “I’m-- I’m sorry it had to come out like this.”
George looks down at him, the one person who knows him from start to end without question, the one person who can touch him like this and set his brain on fire, and wonders why he’s so fucking stupid.
“I’m such an idiot,” he whispers fiercely, connecting their lips with something that makes his head spin and his heart pound, and Dream murmurs something back that he doesn’t hear before tugging him achingly closer.
Tonight wasn’t supposed to be like this; never in a million years.
But as Dream kisses him like it’s been this way all along, like the time they’ve spent not doing this is time they have to make up for, like every bone in his body yearns for George and George alone -- George thinks he can let it be.
**
You Will Need:
Three cans of tomatoes
Chili peppers (variety)
A lack of moderation
One jar of sundried tomato paste
Raging hormones
Lamb chops (bone-in)
One DEO agent with a very nice physique and a one track mind
Curry paste (extra spicy)
Extremely forgiving friends
Step One: Begin with good intentions.   Decide to cook dinner for everyone as a way to bond and reconnect after the total shit-storm that was last week.  Forget the Human proverb that good intentions pave the road to hell.
Step Two: Lightly sear lamb chops on both sides.   As the lamb sears, ask DEO agent if she would like to help.   Receive an answer of 'what kind of help?' along with a hand running up and down your spine.
Step Three: Temporarily abandon cooking efforts to pull said DEO agent into a heated kiss that only ends with you both pushed up against the wall and your hands up one another's shirts.
Step Four: Realize that the lamb is starting to burn.  Pull yourself away from DEO again with great reluctance and check on the lamb, finding it intact.   Remove lamb from heat and fill a large pot with water.
Step Five: Resist continued advances from DEO agent.   Placate her with coffee.
Step Six: With DEO agent temporarily--if reluctantly--placated with coffee, place lamb in pot of water along with canned tomatoes, diced and peeled potatoes and curry paste and bring to a boil.
Step Seven: As the pot boils, reduce heat and cover.    Return attention to DEO agent who is no longer placated.   Carry agent to couch for heavy make out session.
Step Eight: As DEO agent does wonderful things with her mouth, realize that your guests will be arriving in less than ten minutes.   Throw DEO agent into shower and check on put.
Step Nine: Sublimate carnal urges produced by images of naked DEO agent in shower by tasting the curry.   Realize it tastes bland.
Step Ten: Add more garlic and chili peppers (with seeds),   Taste again.
Step Eleven: Decide that it still tastes bland.   Add more garlic.
Step Twelve: Offer taste of now extra-spicy curry to DEO agent.
Step Thirteen: Watch DEO agent gasp, choke, gag, forget to breath and then frantically run for the milk and drink half the carton.   Taste curry again, decide it still tastes bland.
Step Fourteen: Serve with white rice and yogurt.   Watch as friends are only able to eat no more than a few spoonfuls before they all lunge screaming and crying for the yogurt.
Step Fifteen: Eat more curry than anyone else.
Step Sixteen: Sulk about the fact that your cooking skills are not appreciated.
Step Seventeen: Get cheered up by DEO agent in the best possible way.
Step Eighteen: Repeat as needed.
NOTE: DEO agent sold separately.  May contain high levels of badassery.   Consult your physician before purchase.
END
“He makes porn.”
Shorter spits out an entire bite of dumpling and it falls with a plop back on the plate.
The Chang Dai is almost empty; Ash chose his usual table in the corner, back to the wall and close to the exit, potted bamboo plant standing to cover the table but not enough to steal the line of vision.
Shorter is still wearing the Chang Dai apron, Mohawk sweaty from the batches of prawns he had to fry earlier.
He steals Ash’s chopsticks and picks up the dumpling Ash may have left there for this exact purpose.
“Ash, my dude, you know I love you to the hell and back, but you’re the last person I’d expect to know what porn even is.”
And of course he wouldn’t believe him. Because Ash’s has been on his best behavior for three whole years now, and maybe last month he freaked out for forty minutes because of not-even-actual-porn-ish spam in his email. He shut the computer screen hard enough he cracked the liquid crystals and Shorter had to go through his emails to delete the offensive material.
Shorter is a good friend—no, the actual best. And precisely because he’s a good friend, Ash has spent a big portion of their friendship shielding him from the absolute clusterfuck that his previous life had been.
Ash doesn’t even need to hear his shrink asking in her irritatingly wise voice: “is ti truly your friend that you’re protecting from your past, or yourself?” to know that this is all a cowardly move to spare himself a bit of shame, as if he still had some shreds of it to spare after the last ten years.
He won’t out himself now, but he needs Shorter to understand that he knows enough of the world to detect porn when it happens in his proximity.
“Shorter, he makes porn. Some kind of webcam porn, specifically. I fucking hear him: he whispers suggestively, he sets up soft music and there’s always weird shit being shipped—” He doesn’t even know. Even with his extensive knowledge of sex toys catalogs, strange items keep on appearing: brushes, weirdly shaped foam, sponges and beauty products; and microphones and cameras and lighting and “I’m a photographer”… For fuck’s sake, he’s a photographer! and that should have sent Ash packing right on the spot.
And instead he stayed. He stayed for the tidy rooms, for the scolding of “don’t come in with your shoes! Don’t you Americans know how unhygienic that is?”, for the lousy tofu sandwiches and for the “you study too much, let’s watch some Netflix!”; or the calls of “okairi” every time he gets back to the apartment, no matter how long he’s been gone, and for the smile on top of some silly shirt with an ugly bird printed on.
Ash has never felt at home, not since Griffin; not even back to Max and Jessica’s place, where he felt loved, but still intruding in somebody else’s family. And yet, that tiny apartment near the subway station, with the noisy water pipes and the weird Japanese roommate, it’s the first place that he truly felt his own.
So he endures. No one is perfect, right? Eiji is allowed to have some kind of, well. Whatever that is.
Most nights, Ash locks his door and fails to put his headphones on because not knowing is even worse than suspecting and he needs to stay alert.
The thing is: he can’t call Max. He’s been at this college gig for less than a couple months and he can’t already be panicking and calling mommy and daddy to make them come and get him.
“Okay, well, let’s say he’s making porn. Hypothetically,” Shorter says, not bothering to lower his voice because he’s Shorter and he’s never held an ounce of self-consciousness since he sprout out of his mother’s womb, probably with a fully formed Mohawk and piercings. “It’s in his right, I think. I mean, there aren’t really regulations about that kind of stuff.”
“There aren’t,” Ash confirms, even if he isn’t sure if Mrs. Coleman, their landowner, would be thrilled knowing that the cute Japanese boy she gifts casseroles and exchanges recipes with is also making porn videos in the bedroom she’s renting him.
“Maybe the reason he’s here it’s the porn itself? I mean, what if it’s his source of income? He’s Japanese, right? Maybe his parents can’t send him money.”
Shorter is looking straight in his eyes, serious and searching, and Ash is going to burst.
He knows he’s being unreasonable. Theoretically speaking, he doesn’t have anything against—well, against sex work? If Eiji needs or—why the hell not?—wants to film porn to make ends meet or even as a bonus on his photography job, well, good for him, right? He isn’t doing anything wrong: he’s an adult—two whole years older than Ash himself—and he’s also a model roommate. He makes Ash’s breakfast, for fuck’s sake, and he helps him wake up when Ash’s body tries to sleep through the third alarm.
Ash munches on another bit of his xiao mei, but his stomach is barricaded with worries.
“I know it’s not anything bad, and I know I’m overreacting…”
“Well, it’s not your fault either if it makes you uncomfortable,” Shorter says, sympathetic. He always is, since Ash told him he’s basically sex-repulsed to make him stop trying to overshare the details of his latest conquers down at the pub. And that's true, right? Sex freaks Ash out. He used to be numb about it, just like many other things, but then Jessica grabbed him from the shoulders, less figuratively than Ash is comfortable admitting, and sat him down on a shrink’s chair. And now Ash has had three whole years to realize how much of a freak he is, and every single small random thing freaks him out completely, overloaded brain and out-of-body experiences attached. It’s like all those old cuts that had healed on their own, ugly scar tissue and infected stitches, have been reopened to flood the quiet life of the friends and family he didn’t think he could ever hope to have.
Shorter taps on the table with one finger to catch his attention: Ash is so fucking broken he can’t even follow a conversation for three fucking minutes at this point. A conversation he started.
“What is this all about, Ash? You would tell me if he’d done something you don’t like, right?”
He means “to you”, and Ash shivers and is simultaneously relieved because Shorter has his back.
“He didn’t do anything.” And that’s the problem, somehow: Ash knows how to deal with—unwanted advances, upsetting behaviors, all down to straight-up assault. But Eiji would never: Eiji hasn’t done a single thing that could depict him as less than a law-abiding citizen and, most importantly, a perfectly decent human being. A kind one, even.
Shorter is way smarter than he lets on ninety-nine percent of the time, and he’s smart in a completely different way than Ash. Somehow, he knows—without Ash volunteering any information, he still knows enough.
“Do you think he would? Are you feeling unsafe around him?” he asks, like Ash’s instincts are something to be trusted instead of a broken alarm that sets off at every silly input.
Ash shakes his head.
“No, not really. He’s—honestly, he’s perfect. That’s why I don’t want to leave the apartment. He’s a good roommate, and I know I’m the one who’s being problematic right now and—”
“What about this,” Shorter says, and it’s his business tone. Ash could be equally fucked or saved; or maybe both at the same time, it isn’t such a weird option when Shorter is involved. “I’ll meet him, and if I think he’s sketchy, you’re staying with me. I’ll help you search for another place and Max and Jessica don’t even have to know about it.”
That was the fear Ash didn’t even want to verbalize inside his head: he’s already stressed Max and Jess enough, having them help him move out and move on and all that. He can’t put them through it again.
“And if you don’t think he’s sketchy?” he dares to ask.
Shorter steals the last xiao mei, now cold, and grins around the biggest bite.
“Then you’re staying with me anyway, if you want. You know, even if someone isn’t technically doing anything wrong, you’re allowed to feel spooked. We’ll help him find a new roommate, too, so everybody can be happy!”
Jesus. Christ.
Ash should ask him how come he’s so good. How come a fuckup like him jackpotted the best friend a man could ask for.
“And who would that be,” Ash asks instead, and Shorter hums.
“What about Yut-lung?”
“I said I think he makes porn, not that I want him dead, Shorter.”
“Mean, Ash!” Shorter bops him on the nose, and Ash lets him.

*

Ash follows the smell of soy sauce and steamed vegetables up to the apartment door.
He takes one long inhale before putting the keys in.
“Okairi!”
Ash still hasn’t figured out how he’s supposed to answer, mostly because Eiji told him he doesn’t have to if he doesn’t’ feel like it.
Eiji is all about what Ash feels like, which sometimes is overwhelming in itself for the enormity of it: Ash is allowed to feel however he pleases that day, and if it’s a bad day, Eiji would just nod and pour him a cup of green tea from the giant teapot he’s always going on.
In exchange, Ash tries at least to remove his shoes when he steps in.
“You’re cooking.”
“Yes!” Eiji says, and waves at him with his free hand as the other skillfully stirs something with those two long chopsticks he uses to cook. “I make many dishes for your friend because you wouldn’t tell me what he likes!”
“Eiji, you didn’t need to—”
“Oh, but it’s no trouble, you know I love cooking! Did you remember to eat today? I packed you sandwich—”
“Yes, I found it.” On the table, with a post-it attached, and an ugly scribbled birdie that told him to have a good day, exclamation mark, exclamation mark.
The thing is: Eiji is nice. Ash actually, genuinely likes him and nothing in his behavior makes him feel threatened. And how could he: Eiji’s must have spent the last couple hours marinating and sautéing, spinning around the kitchen while wearing a yellow apron covered with tiny birds.
He asks Ash to sample his cooking as fast as he’s discarded his bag, filling his mouth with a bite of this and a spoonful of that every time he started to protest. And now it’s almost seven-thirty and there’s a full Japanese meal divided between bowls big and tiny on the counter. The smell of grilled fish and vegetables is fogging the kitchen, and Ash’s cesspit of a mind.
“Here,” Eiji says, and cuts up the rolled-up omelet into perfect slices. “What do you think?”
Ash can’t think; his brain is empty and his ears are ringing.
“Oh, here he is! Ash, I think is better if you go.”
“Go where?” Ash asks, taken aback.
Eiji tilts his head; he looks like a sparrow, ruffled feathers like he’s just landed from the sky. He points the spatula toward the door: the doorbell, it’s ringing.
“Yes, please, go?”
Ash blinks. The problem here is that Eiji makes him lose bunches of neurons with that smile of his, that’s what.
“Right,” he says, and takes cover toward the door.
“Ohi, Ash! Shit, was he a serial killer for real? Ash, are you—”
“I’m here,” Ash yells, to Shorter’s worried face. He straightens the sunglasses on his nose.
“Hey, man, nice to see you in one piece. I’ve brought beer!”
Eiji steps out of the kitchenette in all of his apron-y glory.
“Thanks, that’s so kind of you!”
Shorter gapes so hard and fast that Ash’s hand darts to pick up his jaw and push it back in place.
“Shorter, this is Eiji.”
“Hi, Shorter! It’s so nice to meet you, Ash is always—” he stops, narrows his eyes, and looks at Ash. “Affectionate? When he talks about you.”
“Affectionate? With a question mark? I’m wounded,” Shorter rebuts, and Ash steps on his foot with purpose.
“Come inside. You didn’t have to bring drinks, we aren’t boomers.”
“Eiji said it was nice of me. Right, Eiji?” Oh God: it’s happening, Shorter is being friendly and nothing survives Shorter’s friendliness, not even Lee Yut-Lung. Ash has set a bomb and he’s going to deserve everything that will go sour from now on.
Eiji turns from his trafficking with spatulas and pans and nods, a big smile on his face.
“Of course! It’s a nice thing to do, right?”
Ash closes the door and smiles back, awkwardly enough for Shorter to burst out a laugh.
Truth is: he desperately wants for Eiji to be… Well, actually, he’d like for himself, not Eiji, to just be fucking normal.
He doesn’t want to be scared, mind always screeching, caught in a mousetrap. He wants to be chill and easygoing. He wants for Eiji to find him a good roommate, a laid-back one who doesn’t freak out over his side job as a—part-time porn actor? Is that what this is? Eiji’s smart, he’s probably super careful, and he’s never invited anybody at home; he goes to bed early when he’s not filming, and he wakes early anyway to go running around the block. He’s nice to the neighbors; he was extremely friendly with Max and Jess when they helped Ash move in, and never in a creepy way.
He’s perfect. He’s fucking perfect and Ash should just get a fucking grip, that’s it.
“This is great—I love Japanese cooking.” Shorter walks around smelling pots and bowls. “What do you think, Ash? Ash is one hell of a picky eater.”
Ash tries to stay present.
“Just because one can’t stomach your deadly spicy soy noodles of doom it doesn’t make them ‘picky eaters’.”
“See?” Shorter says, and Eiji snickers, nodding. They’ve known each other for three minutes and they’re already sharing inside jokes?
“What,” Ash asks, forgetting the question mark to sound more threatening.
Shorter grins at him harder.
“The quotation marks, you can hear them in your voice, it’s uncanny.”
“It’s true. But I don’t think it’s—that word. I think it’s funny,” Eiji says, and blushes a bit and smiles and scoops rice inside another bowl. “Here, now sit down and eat. You don’t eat enough, Americans have very unhealthy habits.”
“It’s not Americans, it’s just that Ash forgets he’s got a physical body. His mom packs him PB&amp;J sandwich in every hole she can find whenever they see each other, ain’t that right, Ash?”
“You’re the only one who calls Jessica my mom, and no, she doesn’t,” Ash says, even if technically she does push food in his hands every time Ash is at arm’s reach. And no one cares, really: Shorter grins like he’s won anyway because Eiji is laughing. Maybe it’s true: maybe to win you just need to keep Eiji happy and laughing. Ash wouldn’t mind if it lasted.

*

Eiji has cooked for a small regiment. Ash never thought he could appreciate tofu, but Eiji lets it marinate in soy sauce, rice vinegar and, apparently, peanut butter because “I can’t find all the ingredients here, I have to try new things” and somehow it turns out good; they eat the tamago something, perfectly rolled up, and the shrimps that Eiji made specifically because he remembered that Ash likes shrimps. They drink Shorter’s beer and they chat.
Okay, technically, it’s Shorter and Eiji that do most of the chatting, sharing bits and pieces from their lives like wonderfully well-adjusted young people: bussing tables at Chang Dai and joining the track team in Japan; eating okayu or congee when you get the flu; dealing with a big sister or a little sister.
Ash doesn’t have that: Shorter asks how Michael’s doing like he’s his little brother for real, but they’re just playing pretend; all of Ash’s life is playing pretend, praying that pretend can one day finally become real enough for his brain to calm down.
His brain isn’t calming down.
“Well, this was nice,” Shorter says, when Eiji has made them sit down to watch Nailed It on his Netflix account while he sorts out the dishes by himself—“it’s okay! I like doing it, it makes me calm, very zen.”
The keyboard has Japanese signs too: it’s like sitting in the cockpit of a spaceship and Ash is starting to feel a bit disgusted by all that mangled cake on screen, so he turns to follow Eiji instead. He’s moving around the kitchen while still chatting with Shorter about—about what? Ash is lost: the pocket on the back of Eiji’s jeans has another one of those ugly birds embroidered on. Did they come out like that? Or was it an addition? Did he embroider it himself?
Shorter flails his eyebrows suggestively, following his gaze, and Ash smacks him on the ear.
“What is it?” Eiji asks, turning around with a background effect of soapy bubbles, sleeves rolled up and dimples on his cheeks and—fuck. Fuck Ash’s life, all of it in all its grimy, slimy filth.
“Hey, Eiji, buddy, listen up,” Shorter starts, and drapes one hand on the backrest of the couch.
Something in the air shifts—Ash’s hypervigilance is a scared beast, ears flat to the ground, back tense, ready to jump. Shorter is smiling.
“What’s up with all that stuff in you room, Eiji?”
Eiji turns toward them, smile frozen and plate in hands, caught in the headlights. He left the door of his room slightly ajar when he went to get his laptop; there’s a tripod right beside his desk, and a microphone on top of it, and lights, and make-up products—
Water drips on his feet and Eiji startles, mumbling something too Japanese to be understandable. Red is creeping up his neck in splotches.
“Shorter,” Ash starts, quiet, but Shorter waves at him and smiles like he knows what he’s doing. And maybe he does, but all Ash can hear is that cop’s voice from back then, “bye, Movie Star,” calling from the interrogation room before they threw him in Juvie; the utter, senseless shame clawing at his insides.
Ash hears himself talking before he’s actually decided to intervene.
“I told you Eiji is a photographer, right? He has lots of stuff to take photographs,” he says, hastily, and Eiji’s panicked eyes spark with thankfulness.
Inside the fifteen inches screen, another cake falls down with a soft, dramatic plop.
“Yes, I’m photographer! Very nice—I like it very much. I asked Ash to help me but he is very shy.”
Shorter frowns.
“He can be—but, Eiji, pal. What do you need a microphone for if you take photos?”
“Shorter,” Ash says, and pinches him harder. “Don’t you think it’s time to go? You have work tomorrow.”
“I work at a restaurant, we open at five!” Shorter is scandalized until he catches on Ash’s expression.
“I know what you’re doing, but I really think it’s okay now. I was definitely overreacting. Thank you.” Ash's voice comes out lower and fast, enough that Eiji just looks puzzled, eyes bouncing from the two of them.
He still insists on packing Shorter a bunch of plastic boxes full of leftovers.
“It was so nice that you came! Come back again—Ash, make him come back again!”
“Sure, when I’ll want a headache,” Ash says, but does his best to reciprocate Shorter’s pat on his back, because he can at least try to be a decent friend, since Shorter is the best in the business.
“Call me!” he yells, when Ash closes the door. Jesus Christ.
“He’s very nice,” Eiji says. His smile is still there, steadfast, but his hand is shaking when he puts the plate on the racks.
Guilt knots Ash’s stomach around the food Eiji kindly cooked. He mumbles something about a shower, and cowers in the bathroom in silence.

*

Ash steps out of the bathroom wearing Max’s giant NYC Marathon t-shirt while Max’s actual voice comes through the speakers.
“Did he eat? Ash, what did you have for dinner,” Jessica interjects, yelling, and Ash sighs as Max protests that this is his turn to speak with Ash, because apparently he’s some kind of limited commodity. It isn’t even the first time in his life, but now it’s this blonde, loud, affectionate family—they all look straight out of a magazine, really—that somehow fights for his attention, and Ash doesn’t even know where to start faking being mad over it.
“My roommate cooked some Japanese stuff. Shorter was here, you can ask him since apparently you think I’m unreliable."
“Oh, good, I like Shorter!” Of course Max would be ecstatic: he loves when Ash is friendly with friends. The fact that they met in Juvie really isn’t troubling at all, to him. “And Eiji cooked? That kid is so nice, really.”
Eiji is standing there beside the doorjamb, eyes bright and surprised.
Ash should be feeling embarrassed; but he finds out it’s easy to look him in the eyes as he answers “yes, he’s really nice,” while Max mumbles something else about food and roommates and man to marry.
“Bye, you doofuses,” Ash rebuts, because Jessica was lamenting that he never learned how to cook, so she should probably just divorce him a second time. Michael groans, but comically enough that it’s clear he knows she’s joking.
“Sorry about that. They’re too loud to keep right to my ear,” Ash says, and steps to free the way to the bathroom, only Eiji doesn’t move.
“Ashu—listen,” he starts, and the accent gets heavier when he’s nervous, Ash’s name is always the first word to acquire an added syllable. He shifts the weight on his feet and grabs at the doorjamb like he’s expecting to be decked in the face or something.
Ash feels so fucking bad he’ll have to go back in the bathroom and puke.
“Don’t worry about it,” he hears himself saying, voice as calm as he can. “Shorter was just—I might have mentioned that you… Well, spend some time making some kind of videos, I think? But I shouldn’t have told him anything. Shorter was just trying to look out for me, but this is your house and you can do whatever you need to do. Whatever it is, as long as you’re okay doing it, is fine by me—and I sound like a jerk,” he adds, blinking. “What I mean is that you don’t need my permission, and you don’t have to explain yourself or anything. I’ll just mind my own business and—”
“Ashu—would you… It’s a bit weird,” Eiji says, and he’s blushing bright red at this point. “But I think it will be okay to let you see, if you want.”
Hah. Ash didn’t really expect this. This is a bit too much.
“I don’t think—really, it’s not you,” he says. “I’m just. I’m kind of a weirdo. Seriously fucked up, and there are some things I really can’t deal with—and some of them are crazy, like cigars and headboards and fucking Mozart, please don’t ask.” He’s rambling, he knows he is, just like he knows Eiji is looking at him, but he just can’t stop. “And some other are—” He exhales, and pressed the bridge of his nose between his fingers. “Another one is sex. I really don’t like it, but it’s okay for you to…”
“Sex?” Eiji sounds like he hasn’t understood the word, he mumbles something in Japanese, frowning. “Oh—sex?”
Ash squints. He’s breathless.
“Aren’t you—Eiji, what do you do in that room?” he asks, as he should have probably asked all along?
“ASMR videos,” Eiji says, and blinks again. He bites on his lower lip for a second, like he does when he’s trying to arrange English words inside his head. “It’s a… It’s a bit difficult to explain. That’s why I never try. It makes me look like a crazy person!” He sighs and he’s back at considering Ash’s face like he’s the one who should supply answers. “It’s easier to show, really, that’s why I asked? It’s weird but… I think you’re a kind person? You aren’t going to make fun of me?”
What Ash isn’t going to do is sitting down on the corridor floor, no matter what his spaghetti legs are telling him.
“Okay,” he says then. “I won’t make fun of you, I promise.”
It’s not sex. How bad could it be? It’s worth it, if Eiji looks that desperate, and hopeful.

*

It’s like a shiver, or pins and needles; like goosebumps beneath the skin.
The hands move slowly, brushing the rug with gloved fingers. The voice from the earbud is quiet, different even from the one Eiji uses to talk with his family on the phone, Japanese slower and soft, like watered ink.
“Ain’t those the rubber gloves from the kitchen?” Ash asks, and he’s whispering too because what the fuck. What the actual fucking fuck.
“They are,” Eiji says, and moves faster through the frames, finger on the mouse and one earbud in, the other in Ash’s own ear. Whatever video-Eiji is saying, it fills Ash’s head with cotton. He yawns.
“See? Relaxing,” Eiji tells him, and he’s still blushing, but he looks more eager to show him, now. There’s a whole channel full of videos, all the same: Eiji’s hands doing something absolutely weird.
He’s got other mics, a collection of colorful brushes and spray guns and kinetic sand; he edits the video himself, sets the lights, places the camera.
It’s not porn. It’s weird as fuck—and relaxing?
“And people just listen to you?”
“To fall asleep, or to relax. To study, too. White noise is good for that.”
Apparently. Ash knows he’s gaping, it’s just—
“This definitely wasn’t what I imagined when I heard you whispering alone in this room.”
“I’m sorry I bothered you. No good for soundproof, this room. I always have to cut pieces of videos because of cars or other sounds, even when I record at night.”
“Maybe we can figure out something,” Ash says, frowning at the small room. “We could get heavier tents. Or tape a blanket to the wall, it should dampen the sound a bit. I read something about egg cartoons once, but I’m not sure the source was reliable… What is it?”
The video’s still ongoing in the background, but Eiji has removed his earbud and he’s looking at him with his big eyes, a curious glint in them. Ash is this close to freak out, only then Eiji lets out a sigh, and his smile is enough to mend some of Ash’s broken up insides, a feat he didn’t know was actually possible.
“Ash, I love you,” Eiji says, in a smile.
Huh. The chair under Ash’s ass squeals in agony, or maybe it was a sound his brain made?
“Oh, no, that’s not what you say?” Eiji is pressing two fingers on his lips, brows furrowed and eyes wide. “I—you’re a good person. You’re so kind! You didn’t make fun of me, you want to help me! I love you!”
No, okay, Ash’s throat is making the sound of an agonizing hedgehog squashed on asphalt and he has to stop right now. He clears his voice.
“Ah—alright. Yes, sure, I’ll help you with the—soundproofing?” Is that a word? Does it matter, when Eiji smiles like that and nods and pats Ash on the forearm in the most natural, innocent way—maybe that’s Ash’s detonation switch and they’re going to implode into the tiniest black hole with the room and the apartment and the whole building and Mrs. Coleman herself.
Eiji’s face is a center of gravity; Ash does his best to breathe. He clears his throat.
“So you—like, you film these and you post them on Youtube?”
“Yes! There are many many people who do the same,” Eiji tells him, still smiling, still blushing. A bit closer, elbow to elbow. “You really never heard of it? It’s a big thing now, before… not much. Was considered very weird.”
The question, how did you even end up on the weird part of YouTube, lingers in the air. Eiji sighs.
“You see—I told you about pole-vaulting, right?”
Ash nods. Eiji always takes the elevator—which Ash hates—because of an old pole-vaulting injury. He looks sheepish; he stops the video and intertwines his fingers.
“It was a bit awful. When I fell and I couldn’t jump anymore,” he says.
Ash would like to smooth that crease in between his eyebrows with a thumb, would that be weird? It probably would. He keeps his hands on his knees and waits.
Eiji’s smile is all crooked.
“I felt very bad—useless. And sad. I spent long time on my bed doing nothing and I could not sleep at all. I would listen to music or watch cat videos. And one day I see this channel—it was weird at first. I thought ‘is this porn’?” He grins and relief washes Ash’s whole body in waves, because they can joke about it, so it must be okay? “But it wasn’t. It was—I fell asleep listening to this person tapping with their fingers on different things. And then I searched for it, found other videos.”
“I understand,” Ash says, even if he isn’t sure he does. He understands enough, though: first and foremost, that he is a dumbass; secondly, that peace of mind is a rare commodity: Ash dismantled the headboard from his bed back at Max’s with a set of screwdrivers; he always takes the longest route to avoid the Metropolitan Opera House; and he’s pretty sure both Max and Jess are closing one or both eyes over the knife he carries in his pocket.
If Ash can act like a menace to society to feel safe enough to function, sure as heck people around the world can listen to crinkly paper and the sound of extremely closed up soap-carving if it helps them sleep through the night.
“I guess I don’t really go on Youtube?” he says, feeling once again like the one who’s the most out of touch. “Isn’t it full of ads? I already don’t watch TV because I can't stand ads.”
“Yes, there’s adds.” Eiji is grinning openly now. And blushing still. “You’re really weird, Ash.”
“Said the one who pets rugs on the internet?” Ash rebuts, and here it is: that laugh; Ash breathes it in and it’s like inhaling butterflies.
“It’s okay, Ash” Eiji says, and he pats his forearm to give Ash a whole other kind of goosebumps. “I like it that you are.”





Meteor Shower- Mobius/Loki
—
The last thing Loki had expected from Mobius- Titular, stubborn, know-it-all Mobius- Was an invite to sleep in his quarters the night.
“Do any of you actually sleep?” Loki sneered, trying his hardest to make a sore attempt at a brisk speed walk look natural.
Mobius trailed ahead, his coat bumping gently against his own legs. The clacking of shoes was a familiar melody to the both of them at this point. Loki had been at the TVA for a while now- Days or weeks or minutes were uncountable- yet the rooms still remained as unfamiliar and complicated as the next.
“Yes, we do. Speaking of sleep that’s where I’m headed next,”
Mobius halted in his tracks at the entrance of an elaborate doorframe. It’s shiny metal sheen and delicate engravings mocked Loki as the dramatic god slipped on his own shoes at the sudden stop. A half-attempt was made to smooth down the long rattled uniform he had wore all day long. Mobius turned to face him,
“And you’re coming with me.”
“Where? To sleep with you?”
Loki felt like choking on his shirt when he realised what he had said. Mobius, unluckily, noticed the poor choice of words.
“Yeah, sure Loki.” He playfully mocked. “To sleep with me.”
Punching in some miscellaneous numbers into a track-pad, the door opened into a creamy-white hallway. The ceilings faded yellow lights and the frayed grey carpet gave the room a stuffy, old-fashioned feel. But not a charming one, more like the kind you get from visiting your Grandmother. A vast contrast to the glass-and-metal empire that was the TVA.
“..And this is supposed to be…?”
“Just wait and see, OK?”
Mobius reached into his pocket and untangled some keys. Not fancy, TVA hyper-futuristic, Timekeeper-approved, multi million dollar keys. Just regular old house keys. How unusual.
Loki cocked an eyebrow when Mobius turned to another regular-looking door further down the corridor and clicked it open. The sound lacking an echo in the stuffy hallway. He thought that maybe Mobius was picking something up, or retrieving a lost item for a coworker- but when, out of view, the older man let out a quiet but relieved sigh- That’s when Loki realised. This was Mobius’ room.
Loki hid slightly out of sight on the other side of the door like a wild possum caught in headlights. He felt almost embarrassed to peek into the titular detectives living quarters. It felt like an invasive crime in enough itself to even be thinking about what it looked like. Let alone peeking inside.
“Home sweet home! Oh dear, did I really not clean that stain there? Jeez Loki just ignore- Loki?”
Mobius popped his head out from the other side of the door. Loki still frozen on the spot, hair standing up against the back of his neck.
“Loki, what are you doing out there? It’s gonna get cold, there isn’t any heating in the hallway.”
He could feel his blood freeze. Every part of his body was blaring alarms that screamed “TRAP TRAP THIS IS A TRAP RUN AWAY RUN AWAY!!” And his skin crawled at the thought of being inside such a very private and personal space. Especially his self-proclaimed captors’.
It felt invasive. It felt wrong. It felt like an ambush. A very thought-out way of building up Loki’s trust enough, only to smash it back down to a pulp. And having Mobius’ room be the bait.
“..So are you coming in or are you just going to stand there like that?” Mobius’ tone wasn't reprimanding, rather pleasantly playful. Adorned with a cheeky grin on his face.
Against what his instincts were telling him, Loki followed the agent into his room.
He was expecting something.. A bit more elaborate.
Maybe a lineup of guards. A wall of weapons? Item frames filled with otherworldly collections that could destroy a man in the blink of an eye? Perhaps even a well-put together trap. Loki was thinking something cartoonish and outlandish. Like, something along the lines of a swinging trapdoor, even.
But no, Mobius’ room was completely normal. Welcoming, even.
It wasn’t big, not by any means. It also lacked windows, at least in the main living room. But that was to be expected, though; what kind of view was there supposed to be anyway?
A yellowish lantern similar to the one in the hallway hung gently against the, again, similar creamy white walls. From which a streaky orange glow lit up the room almost poorly if it weren’t for the interior design shape. Paintings and artwork strung the wall in front of them, but their origins seemed to be more modern than anything, depicting mountains and waterfalls with deep jade greens and blue hues.
The couch looked ridiculously comfortable. A pale green standing out against the mostly white room, with a fuzzy decor blanket rolled up neatly on one of the pillows. A comedically old and ugly beige armchair sat lonely in the dark corner, accompanied only by a short, stained coffee table. To the left of them, there was a small hallway with about three half-closed doors. All of which looked suspicious to Loki.
Or did he want them to look suspicious
Did Loki even want to be proven wrong?
Of coarse he didn’t. He never did.
“The shower is on the left and the bathroom is right beside it. You’ll have to excuse me for a moment while I get some things sorted ou-“
“Are you saying I smell?”
Loki wrinkled his nose disapprovingly at Mobius. After the.. Insanity filled few days he just had, the last thing on his mind was hygiene. And he wasn’t about to be tutored on it by the man who was ‘practically keeping him hostage’ (Note the inner sarcasm). Mobius eyed his hair meaningfully
“Ah, well, Loki, you see.. The thing is- Yes. Yes you do. And will you ever stop cutting me off?”
Loki grit his teeth, “And what is it to you? You’re holding me more hostage than the rest of your Varient prisoners, so why be so friendly? A lion doesn’t befriend a rabbit before eating it, you know”
Mobius just stared. Before slowly smiling.
“Metaphors. Again, I love it,”
He began fiddling with the length of his tie like it annoyed him. It probably did.
“But you see, what the hunters, Ravonna, and everyone at the TVA doesn’t get, is that there’s no point in capturing you if we cannot understand you, if we don’t pay attention to what you’re thinking. I’d be a fool to lock you away to fester in a prison,”
Mobius looked Loki straight in the eyes, and holy fuck did he have, well, eyes. For sure. Yep, nothing overly handsome about those eyes.
“Because I know there’s more to you, Loki. I know somewhere deep down there’s more than a cold, sad little boy whose throne was too big for his body to match. I know there’s somebody more inside there somewhere”
Mobius sauntered away all fancy-like before Loki even got a chance to open his mouth. Slamming one of the three doors behind him as the detective wrangled with his tie- Leaving Loki to his own devices.
Leaving Loki…
On his own.
Was Mobius stupid, or insanely smart? To let Loki, possibly one of the smartest and oh-so trickstery creatures in all of the galaxies, to his own devices? In his home?
Oh and not to mention that entire speech he just gave. That left Loki standing there, mouth gaping open like a cod fish. His mind barley giving a him a chance to process what he had just said. He could feel his hands fisting and unfisting mindlessly. A totally-not-nervous habit Loki has developed.
Eventually, after spending what felt like an eternity just standing there and processing it all, Loki decided to finally take a shower.
He bounced on his heels nervously- ‘no, nope nope, not nervously, Loki prince of Asgard does not get nervous’ waiting for the water to heat up.
What kind of mind games was this? Letting Loki into his home and offering him a shower, like he was just any old guest staying the night?
He hadn’t even considered staying the night there. In fact, the thought crossing his mind sent shivers up his spine. Not bad shivers, either.
There was only one bedroom, too..
The warm water from the shower tickled Loki’s skin in a shuddering way. He didn’t know if it was the handle itself or how aggressively he was turning it, but he could never seem to get the water at a comfortable temperature. It was always too hot or cold.
He felt so.. vulnerable in this state. He couldn’t describe it. All his senses where heightened and on edge.
Between New York, judge courts and Pompeii; He almost felt tired. Which wasn’t a very ‘Loki’ thing of him to do.
His top surgery scars where long faded, as well as the many, many others he’d accumulated over the years- Reflected off the shiny metal of the shower handle. Loki’s reflection, no matter how crooked, scrawny or underweight, was a harsh reminder that he’d survived everything. He’d practically survived the end of the world. That sad little boy stuck in the wrong body of the wrong gender in the most unfavourable circumstance was still here, and still alive. Somehow.
‘I suppose old sayings run true’ Loki pondered. The steam from the shower provided a smoke-screen of false security for his thoughts to fester. His brain took in the full events of the past few days.. Lackluster. ‘It’s hard to kill a God,
‘But why would the Timekeepers put so much effort and bother into somebody like I?” He thought, Rubbing his arms up and down. God, he couldn’t even remember the last time he took an actual warm shower. The fact that he actually had to think hard about it was enough proof that it was well-needed enough.
‘This all seems incredibly excessive. Why put up such a fight when they have the universes most powerful artifacts at their fingertips?’
Loki’s mind kept tugging back to Mobius. The warmth of the water felt almost captivating.
‘What is Mobius’ end game to all of this? I’m supposed to trust this man, too?’ He paused for a moment.
‘I am in his shower right now, though. And he is in the other room. The only bedroom, too.’
Loki found his two statements about trust… Contradicting somewhat.
Once Loki had stepped out of the shower, he found that a new set of clothes were folded on the towel rack in front of him. Either he hadn’t noticed them there before, or Mobius had entered the room while he was in the shower.
He’d expected to feel repulsed by the latter idea. He wanted to feel uncomfortable from the idea of Mobius slipping in and out silently while Loki had his back turned. Completely vulnerable and subjectable to a metaphorical (Or literal) bullet to the head.
But he didn’t.
In fact, quite the opposite happened.
Loki felt a strange sense of comfort crawling up his skin at the idea. The mere theory alone that Mobius had come in at such a private and exposed position.. And left without a trace?
It horrified Loki.
Not the fact that he’d done it..
But the fact that Loki somewhat enjoyed the idea.
It wasn’t sexual, that was the thing. It wasn’t sensual, either. And he hated with his entire body the idea of it being perverted. So what was it?
Did Loki want a bad thing to happen?
Did he want to be stabbed in the back?
Why did he feel so comfortable and relieved to have not been betrayed? Wouldn’t that have proven him right, his favourite thing to do?
Loki did not know. And that terrified him.
The second Loki had opened the door facing the hallway, he immediately felt like closing it again and never reappearing.
Mobius was stood beside the doorframe of an entrance to a dimly-lit room he couldn’t fully see, his arms tucked in as he used his shoulder to lean slightly against the wall. Though the frame was large it wasn’t nearly as impressive as Mobius.
There was.. Technically nothing out of the ordinary pertaining to the detective. He wore a pair of baggy grey sweatpants… And that’s about where it stopped.
Loki, guiltily, found himself admiring Mobius’ body. Again, there was by all accounts nothing out of the ordinary with it. But with the mix between a broad, soft  chest detailed with a fair amount of chest hair dusted here and there, patterned with a few burn marks, a soft stomach and very well-toned arms; it was apparently enough to silence the God of Mischief. He felt so.. Guilty for admiring Mobius. It felt shameful, really; A nervous and frankly pathetic excuse for an all-powerful god has no right to be gazing at him.
A man clearly more capable than Loki.
“Admiring the view?”
Loki was snapped back to reality by Mobius’ quiet chuckle. The joke landed poorly in his mind, though. Only serving to feed the ever growing anxiety pit he’d dug in his stomach. Loki tried his best to hide it by keeping his face stoic and charming- His main go to when he was in a hole he’d shovelled for himself. But unluckily for him, it did not go unnoticed by Mobius. Rarely anything did.
“Loki?”
No answer.
“..Hey, Loki, I didn’t upset you, did I?”
Loki decided to finally look up from his fixated gaze.
Mobius had that goddamn look in his eyes. That genuine and honest look. He was worried, and not just a general, well-meaning kind of worried. He was actually concerned for Loki. Loki of all people, too!
For whatever godforsaken reason, it made his chest flutter.
“N-No, Mobius. Of coarse not. Why would you ever-“
“I’m really sorry if that was too insensitive,” he started.
“I know it’s hard for you. I really do, I shouldn’t have said something like that. I’m sorry. I’m fine with accommodating the shower to you, honest. I can turn the lights off or cover the mirror, I don’t mind, Loki”
That. That right there.
Nobody in his entire life besides his immediate family and offered such personal assistance for an activity that, in actuality.. Was incredibly hard for Loki being Genderfluid.
It almost bought tears to his eyes.
“Please don’t hesitate to tell me when I make you uncomfortable, OK? Despite what the TVA’ll have you think.. I’m here to help you”
That’s when Mobius cupped Loki’s cheek with his hand.
Loki felt like crying then and there.
“I…” Mobius’ eyes were distracting. A captivating greyish-light blue colour- They looked like the sky before a raging storm were to hit. They looked amazing.
“You look nice” Loki blurted out. He wasn’t even thinking when he said it. He just said it.
Mobius chuckled, slowly removing his hand from their cheek.
“I think you look nice, too”
Oooooooh that wasn’t good. The god could feel his own face heating up by the second. He tried to bite his lip discreetly or fiddle with his fingers, but nothing worked to quell the butterflies in his stomach.
“Do the clothes fit you OK?,” Mobius asked, thankfully ignorant to the stims. “I couldn’t seem to find anything else that looked comfortable enough to sleep in. I threw them on the towel rack while you were in there but I was just unsure exactly..”
“It fits fine” They assured him with a smile and a small hair flick. The plain white tee and overly-baggy sweatpants were definitely a bit short for him, the shirt riding up his stomach a little. “Though I’d much prefer to have wore my suit”
Mobius laughed, a toothy grin spreading across Loki’s face. Indicating he was back to his somewhat normal self
“Do you sleep in those clothes?”
“Hey! I’ll have you know it’s fine Asguardian leather, Midgardian!”
“Riiiiight,” he turned to open the door wider for Loki.
“Speaking of sleep; Welcome to your new bed”
Loki didn't even bother looking inside. He felt his skin freeze up at the moment the other man finished his sentence. Oh god he hadn’t even thought about where he’d sleep.
But now Mobius was offering his own bed for him to sleep in?? Loki just wanted to pause time right then and there to take a break. Get a drink or something. Prevent an inner mental breakdown. This was a very new feeling to him; a very uninvited one, too. Especially in this moment.
Loki did not want Mobius to see him panicking over something as silly as spending the night in somebody else’s bed. So, he flicked his hair back and straightened his posture in the most uncomfortable way he possibly could.
“Seriously? I’m gonna have to sleep with you?” He wrinkled his nose at the statement
“What are we, twelve?”
“No, we’re TVA agents,” Mobius said “And we have integrity. Dignity.”
“I do, certainly, but maybe not you”
The detective just sighed and dropped his head into his hands. A short-lived victory that soon turned into guilt.
“Listen, if it sincerely bothers you that much I can sleep on the couch. I don’t mind, your comfort is of the utmost importance to me right now”
Loki immediately felt a wave of guilt and panic crash over his head, forcing him to quicken his breath. ‘No no no no no, I am not making Mobius sleep on the fucking couch just for me. Suck it up suck it up he isn’t going to kill you in your sleep. Probably.’
“N-No!” Loki didn’t mean to shout, But at least it got his attention.
“No.. I’m not making you sleep on the couch in your own home.”
Mobius raised a surprised eyebrow at Loki’s sudden outburst. He was most certainly not angry, though. In fact, a little pleased.
“Now I’d you will excuse me,” Loki sang in a fake sing-song voice
“I will be needing my beauty sleep”
Before Mobius could respond back with a quick insult, Loki had already barged through the door and scanned the room for any traps or hidden weapons. For safety, of coarse. Definitely not paranoia. But his gaze stopped and froze at the window in front of him the second he saw it.
The room itself looked much more elaborate than the rest of the house. Still very minimalistic, with deep orange LED-Esque lights strung up on the corners of the room paired with pale, maroon-red walls made the room feel incredibly calming. But the view from the window was beyond insane.
Loki was shocked that there even was a window in the first place, but the fact that there was a sky was even better.
Overlooking rows upon rows of rusted gold and red, round TVA buildings connected by shiny glass elevators, floating moving walkways, and elaborately shaped halls was an incredible sight.
Each and every single window that stretched out as far as the eye could see had lights on; The glow from this almost city-like empire was phenomenal. It was like the stars did not even need to exist here (Which, considering the circumstances and practicality; they probably didn’t.)
Each and every building was so intricate and detailed that trying to describe everything in the consecutive English language was hard enough. But then there was the sky.
It was a greenish-blue adorned with twinkling stars and lazy clouds that floated above the city. But what was amazing to Loki was that there seemed to be a constant flow of Meteorites, Asteroids and Shootings stars. All of the like, raining down slowly on the city and painting the sky an array of gorgeous colours.
“Beautiful, isn’t it? I haven’t seen a meteor shower from my window in ages. I’d like to think of it as a sign”
Loki stumbled over his next sentence,
“I, ah- yes. I couldn’t agree more. Absolutely gorgeous it is. Indeed..”
Loki turned around to face Mobius, who was leaning against the bed nonchalantly. His face was still and silent, yet he spoke a thousand words in his mind.
Loki could stare at Mobius’ face all day if we were allowed.
There was something so indescribably calming about watching his eyelashes flutter against his cheeks and his striking, smart blue eyes scan the room for anything and everything.
The way this lighting in particular shows Mobius’ small wrinkles in such a beautiful light. Watching his chest rise and fall as he took small, silent breathes; as if to not break the holy silence.
Small tufts of grey hair stuck out from his usual well-groomed look.
When Mobius finally made eye contact with Loki, a small smile tugged at the corners of his lips.
He felt his voice get caught in his throat. He couldn’t breathe for a few seconds; Mobius had such a look of adoration for Loki and he could only imagine the look on his own face was no different.
Loki loved to look at Mobius’ face.
Loki loved…
He paused for a moment. Taking in the silence and the serenity of the moment.
“Mayhaps it is a sign”
“I’d like to hope so”
Mobius smiled again. That damn smile.
With a long, exaggerated sigh, Mobius climbed into the sheets and slipped under the blankets. The bedside light was still turned on, to give Loki an easy pathway to the bed. It was actually quite big for such a small room, and he wondered if that was on purpose or not.
He couldn’t stop staring at the small space the agent had created for him. It’d been so long since he’d slept in a normal bed, let alone with somebody else. Especially someone like Mobius.
As if he could read minds, the silver-haired man peeked up from the nest of pillows his face was buried in. A small glint of humour shining in his eyes, the wrinkles underneath only serving to accommodate them.
“Well? Are you hopping in or not?” A hint of sarcasm teased at his tone.
Loki didn't answer. He just slowly tiptoed his way to the other side of the bed. Like he was trying not to wake up a mouse.
He ran his hands over the satin sheets.. God it really had been a long time since he slept in a nice bed like this, hadn’t it?
Loki, unintentionally, locked eyes with Mobius as he gently settled his weight against the bed. Suddenly hyper aware of his weight dipping the edge.
Mobius didn’t comment. He didn't say a word. Just watched Loki with a calm, warm expression. ‘What a handsome face,’ The god couldn’t stop himself from thinking.
He still was sat uncomfortably upright with his elbow digging into his thigh. He didn’t want to look away from the other man. Not for a second. In fear that, just like everyone else, he may disappear.
Loki hadn’t wanted to trust Mobius.
He hadn’t wanted to be vulnerable around him.
He so badly didn’t want to feel safe around this man.
Yet he did.
He felt more comfortable around this almost stranger than he did anyone else.
It warmed his chest in such a way Loki himself could not describe.
Finally The god let his back fall against the bed. Swinging his legs over, he pulled the blankets up just so they were loosely falling over his chest. It felt so uncomfortable, for some reason no matter how much he wiggled around the small of his back was always being pressed against something.
The wiggling must have alerted Mobius, because Loki could hear a muffled chuckle from beside him
“What? What’s so funny?” Loki asked defensively, leaning against his elbows to properly give him a scolding look.
“Nothing, nothing at all actually” Mobius smiled back
“You’re just very cute like this”
Loki could feel his face heat up yet his whole body was ice-frozen.
“..Eh? C-Come again?”
“I said you’re very cute. Y’know, ‘struggling’ with the bed like that”
Loki tried to say his next words carefully and decisively, but they definitely came out somewhat incoherent with a thick stutter
“Y- You call me the liar, yet y-you say stuff like that, M-Mobius-“
“I’m not lying, Loki,”
Mobius’ voice dropped to a whisper. That sent indescribable shivers up his spine.
“I would never lie to you. I promise.”
A gentle, large hand made its way to Loki’s. He didn’t even notice at first until Mobius gave his a small squeeze. His fingers grazed the others, with barley a whisper, with the obvious intent of intertwining them.
Mobius, with a gentle, kind stare, asked;
“Do you believe me?”
“I will. Only if you lie here with me tonight, though”
The answer seemed to satisfy Mobius. His hand had somehow made its way up to Loki’s chin, gently grazing at the skin. His thumb ran across his cheekbone as he ever-so gently caressed his face.
Loki didn’t know where to look; wether he should stare Mobius back in the eyes or down at the blanket sheets he wasn’t sure. But what he was certain of was that the small, light touches of Mobius’ hands was enough to melt his chest. A fire had been ignited in his chest a while ago; but this man was the reason it kept burning. He kept his flame alight.
Then, the other mans hands’ fell from his face. And once again Loki’s chin felt cold. Like something was missing. He’d never expected to miss the feeling of somebody caressing his face but it was so addicting. He wanted more of it.
He loved how it made him feel.
“How do you do that?”
Loki blurted out against his will. He had to ask, it was killing him.
Mobius raised an eyebrow, “do what?”
“…Get people to trust you like that”
He paused for a moment. Lost in a train of thought. Loki could practically see the gears turning in his brain, wracking himself for an answer.
Finally, he said;
“I think it’s because I don’t like to judge them by their sins. I like fixing broken things; That much I can’t deny.. But I think I do genuinely want to make everyone that comes in here feel as comfortable as possible,”
Mobius looked down a bit. As if a little sad.
“Admittedly most people don’t, though. The TVA has a.. Habit..”
Mobius trailed off, but Loki in complete honesty did not want to hear the end of it. Clearly it was a touchy subject for the both of them.
“Maybe we can face it together someday,” Loki thought.
“But tonight is not that day”
The agent turned to face him again, all sadness seemingly disappearing from his expression (Slightly concerningly at that, Loki hoped sincerely that Mobius wasn’t hiding his feelings from him. That wouldn’t exactly be very trusting)
“Would you like me to keep the lamp on or off tonight?”
“Off.” Loki bit his lip at how rude that came across. ‘Especially after all that’
“..Please”
It felt weird on his tongue to say it, but the small smile that flashed in the corner of his eye from Mobius was enough to reassure him.
Suddenly. It all went dark.
There was a bit of rustling sounds that eased after a while, but other than that..
Pitch silent.
Loki secretly hated silence.
His mind would fester and rot without something else to occupy his ears. His deepest, darkest thoughts could scream in his ear as loudly and intrusively as they wanted to.
He could get away with so many atrocities in his mind in the silent darkness.
Nobody would ever be able to see the absolute monster he truly was in the darkness. And it terrified him.
Loki snapped back to reality when he heard Mobius’ breath slowly but surely deepen. The soft lul of the continuous in and out sound had him absolutely entranced. He couldn’t see Mobius, no. But he could hear him.
That should have been a good thing.
He’d tried to turn over on his side to avoid taking up much room- something he’d found himself notorious for- but without being able to feel the other man beside him..
It made him more panicked than anything.
At any moment Loki could snap. He could turn into his Jotun form and hurt Mobius. Leave his dead body limp on the bed. He could commit the worst atrocities known to man in the darkness of his own home. It would answer Mobius’ question when they first met, at least; ‘Do you like hurting people?’
Loki didn’t want to hurt Mobius.
He didn’t want to hurt anyone.
Especially not him.
As much as he hated to admit it, Loki trusted Mobius. He was scared of loosing that trust.
He was terrified of hurting people he loved. Of enjoying hurting people he loved
‘No no no,’ his mind raced, the darkness slowly creeping up his neck and the back of his throat. With no visuals and only Mobius’ steady breathing, there was nothing for his subconscious to cling onto.
‘I don’t like hurting people. I don’t like hurting people, I don’t like hurting people. I don’t want to hurt Mobius, I don’t-“
“Loki. I can practically hear you thinking”
With a loud snap, the bedside lamp turned on again.
Loki was rock solid frozen in his position. His eyes clenched shut and his fists balled against the sheets.
His first night sleeping in a real bed in months and he does this.
“You’re stiff as a rock, you know you can sleep in- Loki? Are you OK?” Concern wavered in the agents voice.
Loki doesn’t answer. He’s afraid of turning around and finding Mobius has disappeared alongside everyone he’s ever loved.
Loki felt a cold hand rub up and down his back.
“Loki, look at me,”
Very slowly, and very gently, he turned over to face Mobius. A look of genuine concern was plastered on his face.
Again, that handsome face. It was an odd moment to stop and appreciate his beauty, but Loki couldn’t help it.
The way his grey eyes complimented the wrinkles under them that lead down to his mouth, showing that he had smiled and laughed enough in his lifetime to form permanent marks.
His eyes were so kind. His smile was genuine and his personality matched so.
Mobius was a rock, a solid foundation for Loki to go to.
He was more than a smile and the butt of a joke.
Mobius was a kind and genuine person that Loki couldn’t help but melt under. He cared about him, and he cared about his coworkers. He was invested in his work and enjoyed talking about it. He could show you the world at his fingertips and tell you everything there was to know ever with the exact knowledge for it all.
He provided safety to Loki. And safety he would bring.
“M-Mobius I-“
“Sshhh, hey hey, I’ve got you, Loki.. I’ve got you…”
He hadn’t even noticed he’d begun crying, but when the god did, he couldn’t stop.
Silent tears rolled down his cheeks as his mind forced horrible memories down his throat. So he crawled into Mobius’ arms and clutched on for dear life, trembling, like a little kid having a nightmare.
Mobius whispered sweet nothings into his ear as he rubbed his back up and down, grasping onto Loki like a teddy bear and promising to never let go. The small amount of chest hair tickled the upset God’s nose.
Loki couldn’t give a shit about dignity or keeping his act up in the moment. This was the first time anyone had ever done something like this for him.
The world seemed to stand still for those few moments Loki was locked in Mobius’ arms.
The convoluted and somewhat made-up concept of time seemed to freeze while Loki buried his face deeper in the other man’s chest. The smell of his skin and the deep rumbling of his chest whenever Mobius talked was more than enough for his brain to cling onto and focus on. Yet he still comforted him.
He tightened his grip so Loki was snug in his arms; like he was worried that the God was going to fall out of conscience at any moment.
“Maybe Mobius has the same worried and anxieties as I…”
The agent ran his fingers through Loki’s raven-black locks. He tried his best to be gentle but Loki’s hair was so wind-damaged and knotty it was hard to not get caught and tug on the locks. Yet Loki didn’t mind.
The small jolts of pain were a reminder that he was still alive, and the comforting repetitiveness of the stroking eased his worry and fears.
Mobius kept speaking to him. What he was saying precisely was a mystery, but the words still held meaning. Just because you don’t understand the language doesn’t mean it’s any less important.
Loki tried to hear what he was saying, but his voice was so deep and quiet, he could barley understand a word while he focused on the grey haired mans’ breathing.
Slowly but surely, his words ran to their limits. Eventually, Mobius’ words became fewer and fewer until it was once again silent. But Loki was not afraid. He could feel the warmth from the lamp, and he was coddled in the other mans arms securely.
After what felt like both an eternity and five seconds, Mobius spoke up clearly;
“Would you like me to hold you while you sleep?”
Loki desperately searched for mocking or malice in his voice. He was so used to everything being a fraud and everyone’s words being as thick as a sheet of paper.. Holding no truth to them.. Loki wanted to mentally prepare himself for the heartbreak.
Yet there was no denying that Mobius’ request was true and genuine. Real, honest compassion lingered in his words.
And Loki would be a fool to take down the offer.
“If.. That’s alright with you?”
Mobius smiled warmly. Loki had craned his neck to meet his eyes. His soft, warm eyes..
There was no denying he loved his eyes.
“Of coarse, my prince. It’s okay with me”
Loki could practically feel his soul leave his body at the word ‘Prince’. His chest fluttered and his heartbeat quickened like a teenager in love.
“Oh dear, is this what love feels like?”
“O-Okay then..” He felt awkward. Cocooned up against Mobius’ chest, awaiting instructions.
“I can feel your heartbeat,” The silver-haired man laughed, sitting up just a smidge
“I love how it feels”
So Mobius felt this love, too?
“It’s quite nice, dear prince”
Well.. it was at least reassuring that Loki wasn’t alone
..At least..
“Although.. I need to roll over on my back to dim the lamp. Do you mind..?”
“Oh! Yes, yes of coarse..-“
Loki awkwardly moved over a smidge so Mobius could lean over to dim the light.
It’s once whiteish glow slowly melting down to a deep reddish-orange colour that matched the now curtained and silhouetted view of the TVA. The windows were blacked out from the outside, yet Mobius still had the ugliest curtains on earth hung up from the top of the windows.
With a big, lofty sigh, Mobius fell back into the bed, almost taking Loki down under him. His hair was thoroughly ruffled up and his moustache wrinkled and tugged in all the wrong directions; All something Loki found incredibly attractive.
He watched as the other mans’ eyelashes fluttered against his cheeks- Eyelids heavy and face in a peaceful and calm expression.
“You can still lay here if you want,” Mobius patted his chest gently like it was a mattress. Offering Loki a spot to lay his head. A very comfortable looking spot, at that.
He so desperately wanted to say something snarky and quick-witted back to Mobius.. But his eyes were stiff and dry from crying and his brain had ceased to work the moment he got under the blankets.
Tiredness overcame the omnipotent and powerful god as he gave out a large yawn ever and nodded, laying his head as softly as he could against the other mans’ chest.
Mobius let out a small ‘nawwwe’ sound at Loki’s exhausted yawn. But there he was wrapped around the gods fingers now; at the mercy of any small movement he made against his body.
Every ounce of energy, anger, confusion, guilt, emotional strength- All had been zapped out of him in that moment. Loki could barley think, but he realised he was just so unbelievably tired that he almost struggled to figure out how he would get to sleep. He was just so tired he couldn’t sleep. Sleep deprivation and trauma works in mysterious ways.
Yet Loki felt more comfortable than any moment he could think of in his life. He felt like the world around him had disappeared and all that was left was Mobius. Sweet, kind, caring Mobius.
Not a second thought to Loki’s past situation, unpredictable behaviour, or monstrous forms.
He took in the God without a second thought. Without judgment or a plan to knock him down a few pegs even though he absolutely could.
He invited Loki to his bed.
He offered to make accomodations in the shower.
He comforted him during a panic attack.
He did all the things and more that nobody else had ever done for him.
“…I used to be afraid of monsters,” he quietly thought aloud.
“Hmm?”
“I’d always ask my Mot- Frigga to close the cupboard door whenever I went to bed.” His voice felt croaky and strangled, reliving past events of his childhood. He could vividly remember the way shadows seemed to creep out of the closet, almost human-like. With long, sprawling hands they seemed to nab at the end of his childhood bed, tugging at the sheets like an invite to come closer. The once innocent and naive child would call out for his mother to come rescue him from the dark.
Loki didn’t think he’d ever get a rescuer like her ever again.
“I was scared of the shadows in the closet, I think. I was such an imaginative kid I used to make up shapes and creatures from them..” He paused, trying to recount his memories
“Now I’m not sure what to think of the monsters under my bed. I don’t know wether to be scared of them or not”
Mobius paused, “If it’s any consolation I still get scared of monsters” he said calmly.
“I don’t think anyone truly rids that fear. But it helps to have somebody to protect you from them”
Loki smiled as he hugged him tighter.
‘Mayhaps Mobius can be my protector. I’d do the same for him, too’
Loki could sense a cold feeling creep up his hands and jaw. It wasn’t a bad feeling, though. It was pleasant. It slowly made its way up his knuckles and stretching out his jawline; like ink being sewn into thin paper. The room was surprisingly warm, but he saw a heater in the living room which may explain it.
Loki was absolutely spent. Exhausted. This feeling was comforting and cold; fridged, almost, but it calmed his nerves in such a nice way it was impossible to try keep it down.
He had barley even realised it until..
“L-Loki, has it gotten colder all of a sudden or..-“
Loki’s eyes fluttered open in answer to Mobius.. But when he looked down at his own hands, resting gently atop the other mans; He was horrified.
The fingertips of his hands were blue. Bright, saturated blue. They looked like they’d been dipped in paint; etching it’s way up his knuckles and palm. He could feel it melting the corners of his face, his shoulders, his hips..
Loki hadn’t transformed into his Jotun form in ages.
And he was terrified.
Pulling back with such force that it made Mobius jump, Loki tried to scramble away from his own skin. His breathing quickened but his mind went foggy with panic. His mouth dried up whenever he tried to take a long breath; But none came. His eyes were about as useful as a torch in a deep void, everything seemed to translate in his brain as a wobbly, misty mess. He couldn’t even tell his own left from his right.
He could only focus on the feeling of his blue Jotun coldness crawling up his skin.
“Not again, not again!!”
His Jotun form only came out in moments of extreme and indescribable emotion.
But that emotion had never expressed itself in anything other than anger or fear.
So that’s what his gut reaction was.
“Loki! Loki, oh dear- You’re so cold..-“
“Mobius please.. Please don’t-“
Mobius gently took Loki’s hands in his own. Squeezing them as gently as he could. He stared into Loki’s eyes with the intent on getting him to focus.
“Mobius please I- I don’t want- To hurt you-“
“But you aren’t, look”
He had to pause. He had to stare at his hands again. They were being held by Mobius’.
They weren’t covered in blood. There wasn’t a stark contrast between red and blue..
Loki suddenly felt embarrassed. Ashamed, even. Almost feeling like vomiting when his mind suddenly crashed back down to earth with such a sudden force it made him sick.
This was twice in a row. Twice.
He felt so bad for Mobius. So, utterly exhausted and spent, as well.
“See? You’re safe. Can you take some deep breathes for me?”
Fearing everything and nothing, Loki did as he was told.
In and out.
In and out.
In and out.
…
Slowly his breathing returned to a normal state.
In and out.
In and out.
The tension in his shoulders and jaw relaxed
In and out
In and out..
After a while it had finally worked.
The blue never left but the anxiety did.
Though, Mobius didn’t seem to mind..
“There we go! I’m so proud of you!”
Mobius smiled. His eyes fluttering occasionally with exhaustion.
Loki felt like he was dreaming. Nobody had ever said they were proud of him. Let alone somebody quite as remarkable as Mobius.
Though, he could tell, there was something else on the agents’ mind.
Once he’d finally found the strength to speak again, Loki finally said;
“Would you, ah, like to look..?” He gestured to his hands. Blue tipped and all. His voice was croaky and raw. But neither cared. Not anymore. He just wanted to focus on anything else than that fear.
A small, barley noticeable smile grew on Mobius’ face- He was clearly biting back the urge to go full-on grin. (Which would obviously be a bit awkward for the moment.)
“It’s quite cute,” he thought- The image of the detectives tired eyes and glowing smile were a lantern in the fog of his mind.
“It’s like the new-biggest discovery for him”
“I-I’m sorry for freaking you out-“
“It’s fine,” The two of them settled back into a jigsaw-like position against one another. Their heads felt like rocks against the pillows. “I’m happy to help whenever. I can’t imagine it wasn’t a shock to you, either..”
He smiled gently.
Mobius’ hand intertwined with Loki’s.. Gently.
So gently, in fact, it almost tickled.
Mobius’ skin was barley a whisper on Loki’s. Going so slow and so carefully that he could feel every hair, every wrinkle and every small callous on his fingers.
Mobius picked his hand up ever so slightly, nervousness growing in his eyes- Like he was holding a baby.
As his eyes scanned over the blue skin, Loki could practically feel his pupils examining every crease and discolouration.
He got that same feeling again. The funny feeling in the shower; The one that told him he was enjoying this. And he was.
Mobius admired him; Mobius found beauty in something he’d viewed his whole life as the ugliest morph in his body.
“I love learning about your Jotun form,” he started softly. As if not to frighten Loki.
“It’s incredible”
He couldn’t answer. But the silence spoke a thousand words.
“Fascinating how it works, truly”
Mobius took the time to heal that sad little boy with nothing but his words and his hands. Not only did he see beauty in Loki’s Jotun form but he showed Loki the beauty in it, too. He was so gentle because he knew Loki was broken. Broken, yes.. But not unfixable.
Mobius grew a bit braver and took the other hand, too. Cupping them with his palm and rubbing his thumbs over the blue.
It was such a stark contrast between the two skin tones; Loki felt insecurity rising in his chest. He was so different to him. So strange and alien.
But Mobius loved that.
He prayed that Mobius loved him, too.
“I love the colour blue..”
Loki blinked up in surprise, the statement seemingly coming out of nowhere. He tried to look for an explanation in the other mans eyes; but they were focused on his hands.
“It’s such a pretty colour. Like the ocean. Or the sky..”
He seemed entranced with the beauty of the colour. His eyes wandered as he thought of what to say next
“It’s such a deep blue, too. I love it”
Loki could feel his chest squeeze. A rock was planted firmly in his throat, pausing all air flow as the two of them made eye contact. Mobius’ hands left his own. And a cold, empty feeling crawled up his skin in replacement.
But Mobius’ face lit a warm glow in his chest that chased away all the negative feelings.
“It makes you look very royal”
“Royal, huh?” Loki responded with a slight hint of mischief in his voice,
“Do you think it’s fit for a king?”
Mobius laughed, reaching out his hand ever so slightly for his face.
“Yes, of coarse,” he said
“Fit for my king, too”
There were no butterflies this time.
No racing thoughts or pounding chests.
There was only closure for Loki. A sense of peace that he’d never found quite as beautiful. It only lasted for a second, yes; but that second was enough.
“..My king?”
Mobius didn’t answer. Loki’s question was rhetorical, anyways. Yet he continued,
“You’re more of a king than I ever could be” Loki didn't mean to sound so cynical. But he meant what he said.
Mobius smiled and shook his head, braving the action of placing his hand against his cheek once again, cupping the slightly blue and pink skin in his palm. Loki’s eyes almost fluttered shut at the sensation and the sudden warmth in his throat.
“I disagree, Loki. Neither of us are fit for king”
He wasn’t a liar. He was honest. Brutally, even. That’s what Loki loved about him.
“Fit for each other, mayhaps?” The god sounded desperate. But maybe it would garner a little sympathy from Mobius. A hint, at least.
“…Mayhaps”
There was a pause. Loki could have fallen asleep right then and there. But there was so much conversation to be had; So much more could be said between the two.
“…Your hands,”
Mobius broke the silence. His voice was barley above a whisper yet there was so much intrigue in it.
“..They’re very cold”
Their eyes met again. Loki tried to gauge what his partner was thinking; yet there seemed to be nothing of an explanation behind those dark eyelashes.
They were so close. So close.
Loki could see each freckle and scar that adorned Mobius’ face. Each small wrinkle and curve indented into his lovely skin that marked a long and healthy life. Loki could feel the other mans breathing on his chest. The warmth from it bought him back to life as the sudden contrast between his cold skin and warm breath felt like a tornado beneath his skin. Tickling his neck hairs and standing them on edge.
“Indeed they are..” Loki swallowed his pride. He could be vulnerable with Mobius.
He could.
“Admittedly neither I nor anyone else is quite fond of the coldness,” He slowly said, careful choosing his next words in fear of imperfection.
“Others have found it too much to handle”
“I’m intrigued,”
Mobius’ smile returned. A question burned the corners of his mouth into a knowing grin; The question certain to surprise the both of them.
“Is all of your skin this cold?”
“Oh yes, it is, but why..?”
“Loki, would you mind if I climbed on top of you for a second?”
Indeed the question threw Loki for a loop. It took his mind a couple seconds to form a sentence of coherent words, let alone process the question itself.
“I- I yes but wh-“
Loki couldn’t even finish his words when Mobius swung his legs around to the other side of the black haired mans’ hips. His elbows were propped on either side as Loki was pinned on his back against the satin sheets; Mobius wasn’t trapping him there, no, but the weight of his chest was certainly holding him down.
Mobius ran a hand up Loki’s shirt- Eyes fixated on the white and stained fabric before very slowly dipping his hand underneath his shirt via the collar. Loki felt his heart quicken when he suddenly became hyper-aware of the other mans’ hand. Every callous, every cut, every bit of skin and every line was felt by Loki.
He was desperate to hold those hands and kiss them ever so gently. Take long walks holding them. Mobius didn’t care about the sharp coldness; He cared about Loki and Loki only.
A kiss on the wrists would have to suffice.
The positioning was a bit awkward, but Mobius still noticed. He smiled gently, his eyes locking back in with Loki’s. He slowly slid his hand out of the mischievous God’s shirt, making his way ghostly up his neck and to cup the bottom of his jawline.
With a heavy sigh, Mobius leaned all his weight against Loki. Slowly, as if to get permission. Which the god was happy to provide, slinging an arm around his bare back.
“You’ll catch a cold if you hug me like that,” Loki chuckled to himself.
Mobius just sighed and rested his chin against his chest. “It’ll give me a reason to take a break”
“Tired?”
“Very”
It didn’t take an idiot to figure that out. Mobius’ eyelids were dropping by the second and his breathing got heavier. Yet he still lie awake for Loki.
…Who was feeling incredibly guilty.
Ever since he was a young boy, Loki was always insecure about how cold his skin was.
Everyone noted it when they went in for a hug or a high five. The insecurity only worsened when he found out he was part frost-giant. Not only did it give explanation but it gave him fear, too. Worry. Anxiety. Anger.
“…Admittedly I’m not a big fan of my cold skin” It felt like a massive weight had been taken off his shoulders. The world seemed to pause and time once again disappeared.
“Really?” Mobius sounded surprised, eyes blinking open almost in shock at the statement. As if the god had just admitted to hating kittens or something.
“But it’s so…”
“Cold? Bitter? Hard to touch?”
“No.”
Mobius’ voice was firm. But not mad. Not mad at all. He never got mad that evening
“It’s like….”
He seemed to struggle to find the words.
Or even good enough words.
Words at all seemed to be hard enough.
“
“It’s like.. You know when you open a window at night.. Everyone’s asleep and it’s just the empty world and you together?”
Loki swallowed thickly, “Quite philosophical, but yes..?”
“And the night wind blows by your face, ever so gently?”
Mobius’ hand has now reached up to cup his cheek. Thumb running over his lips.
“It’s silent besides the trees blowing in the wind.. There’s only the moon as your guide…
“..Or when it’s about to snow, and the air is just that mixture between pleasantly cold and comforting?”
Mobius gave examples. Gorgeous examples. Words fell like a omen from his lips; and his eyes never left Loki’s face as he said all those things. Neither did his hands.
“Like you know you should go rug up warm by a fire with a blanket. But the feeling of the cold is so nice against your skin,”
Mobius leaned into his face. Their noses were almost touching.
‘God he’s so close,’
Loki was at mercy of his thoughts and Mobius’ touch.
‘We could.. I could.. Right now-“
“And you don’t want to run away. You want to embrace it and get closer. The cold feels like home, Loki. You feel like home”
Loki felt like he was going to tear up.
Nobody. Nobody ever had said such beautiful words to him.
Nobody had ever put so much love and care into his mental well-being
Nobody had ever taken his broken shell- His sad, negative mentality on his body, his mind and the world- And turned it into something more gorgeous than words could describe.
Somehow Mobius had done that.
And words couldn’t describe how grateful he was.
But actions could.
And oh, what an action he did.
Mobius closed his eyes and Loki was soon to follow suit.
He was scared of moving.
Scared of chasing away the moment like a bird in the fields.
But Mobius didn’t run away or decline.
He bought his face up to Loki’s and pressed his lips ever so gently as he could against the other’s.
Warm tears still clung to his eyelashes and his mouth was slightly agape. His chest rose and fell with Mobius’, stroking a hand up his neck.
It took a moment for him to really understand what was going on;
But Loki was kissing Mobius.
And by the gods did it feel incredible.
It didn't feel like exploding fireworks; the bright colours and loud noises were too extravagant for the moment. No, it was more like the slow meteor shower that rained outside. Every time a comet disappeared into the darkness of the night sky, a new one would appear. It’s light not strong enough to light up a room like a firework, no- But strong enough to blind a single person most definitely.
Mobius was slow, gentle; he followed Loki’s movements, awkward as they may be. Tilting his head to match his partners angle comfortably. He didn’t go any deeper without permission from Loki’s body, but he was happy to comply when asked. He was almost sleepy in the way he opened his mouth slightly to deepen the kiss; but it was so passionate that there was no denying the intent behind it.
Loki was suddenly hyper-aware of his body. Every hair on edge, every goosebump and small breathe he took was felt under his skin. He was so focused on just making sure he did not mess up his first real kiss.
Surely, it would have been easier for somebody with more experience; Perhaps Mobius had a partner in a different timeline. But Loki’s mind kept threatening to wander when all he wanted to do was focus on how insanely good this felt. He wanted to open his eyes and peek at Mobius’ face- But he knew that would only end in disaster one way or another.
Mobius’ lips weren’t soft, not by any means. But it felt more real that way. Less artificial.
They were cut and rough; chewed and bitten beyond belief, and cut down from their former soft glory. But Loki preferred it that way.
He liked feeling each texture, each cut and crack- He wanted to individually kiss them all if he could. He wanted to individually kiss every freckle and wrinkle and mole on Mobius’ face until he was out of breath.
His lips- and breath- tasted like coffee. The bitter taste of ground coffee beans and cinnamon accompanied by a hint of milk all resonated on his warm lips. It was almost like a blanket of security.
Loki had his coffee order memorised; ingrained into his memory by pure accident.
Double espresso with a spoonful of milk and a sprinkling of cinnamon- He always sprinkled it on by hand. Never trusting the machine to do it correctly for him.
By the gods; Loki couldn’t compare Mobius’ kisses to anything less than a shooting star.
Loki opened his lips up slightly to pull Mobius in deeper. He could feel his partners arms slide up and down his shirt as he kissed softer too.
Loki let his mouth wander slightly- pressing against the corner of Mobius mouth, biting his bottom lip gently, tickling his moustache with his lips; all while letting his hands stroke the thin back hair along Mobius’ skin. His stubble tickled his chin and Loki pressed their chest against his. The warmth from his skin inviting them in closer. Mobius’ eyelashes tickled his flushed cheeks and his nose pressed against the agents skin, all while locked in a heavenly kiss. The sheet of blankets fell loosely onto their laps while they barley sat upright in the bed. Heads fell like lead against the feather-soft pillows beneath them.
Mobius was the first to finally let go of the kiss. He took his time, like he was reluctant for the moment to end. Loki was almost afraid of opening his eyes, in fear of loosing that magical feeling in his chest.
But the second he opened his eyes to come face-to face with Mobius’ handsome, gorgeous, downright beautiful face and expression with pure unbiased adoration for Loki- His Loki-
He absolutely melted.
He could hardly keep a straight face as a bashful, boyish smile tugged at the corner of his mouth. He felt drunk on happiness and sleepy from the adrenaline.
Mobius gave the most absolute heart-melting smile ever to his partner, resting a hand on his shoulder as he encouraged him to shuffle in closer (and shuffle in he did). The detectives eyes were droopy and tired, but he still held that mischievous glimmer in them that captivated Loki immensely.
“There he is, Attaboy” Mobius whispered, pulling Loki in for a hug. Resting his chin on his long, raven-black locks.
The god of mischief hid his smile in the crook of the agents neck, clinging onto him while pressing his face into his skin; taking in the scent of him while Mobius gave out a light, tired chuckle. The vibrations from his chest tickled Loki. There truly was no better place in all the galaxies, timelines and universes than there.
“You’re a lovely kisser, my dear Prince”
“As much as I hate to admit it, so are you”
Mobius huffed light-heatedly in response to Loki’s face heating up from the compliment, pulling his body down so he could rest eye-level with his lover. Their legs were intertwined together and wrapped around each other like vines.
As Loki rested his cheek further down Mobius’ shoulder, he couldn’t help but start to think again- something that he was clearly incapable of doing without somewhat panicking- about a subject matter that was sure to raise some eyebrows.
Or maybe it was in his head.
If there was one thing this evening taught him; is that most of his anxieties and worries had been fictionalised and remained in the realm of his brain.
He ran on fear, adrenaline; he questioned every decision and every act of kindness his whole life. Nobody had calmed him down enough to prove to him that this was all in his head.. So he thought he was correct.
He so wanted to be proven right- His desire to become king and his angry passion for the throne seemed to have tipped all rational logic out of the window during his lifetime.
For the first time in a very, very long while- Somebody had made him question his stance on the world.
Somebody had come in and showed him that the universe was not out to tear through his skin and claw away at the flesh underneath; there was love to be had. Gold and jewels meant nothing to Loki when Mobius pressed a kiss against him.
Loki didint want a throne. He didn’t want a kingdom.
He wanted love. Mobius’ love.
A constant positive reinforcement telling him that everything was going to be OK. Somebody who saw past a hideous monster and kissed the broken skin underneath anew. No insecurities could be cured; but they could be patched with a soft companion.
An aching heart showed through each time they interacted, but Mobius did not care. He gave Loki the unconditional support he needed in the right direction.
Mobius helped Loki heal.
Mobius helped Loki.
That was more than what anyone had ever done for him.
And Loki couldn’t imagine a life without him.
“Loki, dear, what are you thinking about?”
He snapped his eyes open. When had they closed?
“Pardon me?”
“I can tell when you’re thinking,” Mobius’ eyes showed a wisdom that no god could ever replicate. He showed him compassion.
“Your fingers twitch and your grip goes all stiff on me” Mobius said matter-of-factly.
Loki let out a somewhat forced laugh
“Excu-se me, I do not twitch my fingers when I think”
“Yes you do. Even worse if you have a pen in your hand you tap it on the table as loudly as you can”
He couldn’t help but chuckle with embarrassment. It was true. Loki did tap the table with a pen over and over and over and over again whenever he was lost in thought.
“Sure, but the grip part most certainly isn’t true”
“I assure you it is”
Mobius kissed him on the forehead; it made Loki’s chest flutter. It felt so… Domestic.
He loved it.
“What’s on your mind? You can tell me anything, I promise”
“You’ve said this twice now,” Loki’s voice hung awkwardly in his throat. It didn't sound right to him- Or maybe, again, he was overthinking things.
“I know, but I just want you to know it”
Mobius ran a hand through his long hair. Untangling the black locks with his fingers as gently as he possibly could, taking his time to smooth it back out.
Loki melted into his touch, and like a charged battery; His power switch had been turned back on and his courage was soon to follow.
He finally came out and said what had been plaguing his mind. Awkwardly, at first, mind you.
“Mobius I know you’re dedicated to the TVA,”
“Of coarse?”
“But..”
Loki stopped himself.
How was he supposed to word this?
What Loki wanted more in life was a domestic future with Mobius.
A cottage on the beach. A simple day to day job. A dog. A Jet-Ski. Summer days spent in the ocean soaking up the sun. Winter evenings curled up by a fire.
Loki wanted a real life with Mobius. Not one carved by the ever-growing curse that was the future. Not one binded by rules and by a strict dogma. But a future where they could be themselves. Truly.
“…Promise you won’t laugh at me?”
“What? No! I would never! I’m slightly offended you think I would, actually”
Loki finally braved up the courage. One last time.
‘If Mobius could make me blush than so can I”
Loki wanted to take in every second of Mobius’ beauty before speaking, though. And that he did. With hoarse throat, he began;
“Mobius, I want a domestic life with you. A real life. Just an average, normal, nuclear-family with you.”
One special trait about Loki is that when he started speaking; there was no stopping.
Outside of this damned dictation that’s this TVA. Mobius, I want to see you truly live- Truly love. I- I want to be the person you laugh with and sing with and make coffee in the morning with on a simple summer afternoon. I want you to teach me how to ride a Jet-Ski for goodness sake. I want to walk outside and feel the fresh air but have nothing to do. Nothing to do except, I don’t know, like- Love you? Be with you? Just, exist with you? In a simple timeline?”
Loki was finally hitting his breaking point where words did not flow quite as smoothly. He stammered his way through sentences yet Mobius listened. No judgment, no impatience; he took on every single word Loki had to say.
He finally took a gulp of air. ‘Was I holding my breath the whole time?”
“I-I don’t know what I’m trying t-to say anymore, I guess I just-“
“I understand,”
Mobius’ voice was so soft. His smile was contagious and his eyes were beyond comforting.
Loki felt safe. He felt praised, he felt loved.
“I’d love nothing more than that, Loki. The TVA- The Timekeepers, whoever- Damn them all. I want a life with you too. I love you so, so much, Loki. You’re easily the greatest-”
“And most handsome?”
“-And most handsome-“
“And most loving?”
“Now you’re just playing with me” Mobius gave a teasing smirk. Loki chuckled
“You’re the most greatest thing that’s ever happened to me, Loki. I love you”
“As are you, Dear Mobius. I love you, too”
No more words where needed that evening.
Basking in the warm, orange glow that cast from the city-like lights from the TVA buildings hidden behind the curtains, the two men huddled in each other’s arms. Sharing one last kiss before sleep embraced them. Cherishing the moment, Loki was reluctant to let his mind slip away from him. Mobius’ chest rising and falling was enough of an indicator that the other man had already fallen into a deep slumber; So Loki complied. His eyes fluttered shut against Mobius’ skin, and with certainty that he was going to not only have a restful sleep, but have Mobius by his side when he woke up- Loki finally drifted off into his dreams.
—
(Later)
The sun took its time to reach past the mountains of tall structures to shine through the- infamously ugly- curtains to set Mobius’ room aglow. But when it did, Loki was the first one to notice.
He never particularly enjoyed the sun, no; It made his skin crawl and his eyes burn. Alas the sudden warmth creeping over his face was like a soft wake-up call. Passively forcing him to open his eyes just enough to peek past his partners shoulder.
The curtains swayed gently, though there was no breeze. An old, seemingly broken decor cuckoo clock ticked away endlessly. It’s handle never moving past the ‘6’.
Mobius was still fast asleep. His heavy breathing almost close to snoring as his eyelids stuck stiffly closed.
Loki was absolutely enamoured watching Mobius sleep. He looked so peaceful; so relaxed. It was odd seeing him this comfortable and at peace with himself.
If he could, Loki would give all the time in the world to Mobius- Just to see him as relaxed and happy as he was now.
He dreaded going back into the office. Endless rows of desk after desk after desk featuring nothing but stacks of paper, regarding every moment in time from every galaxy and planet known to mankind and beyond. Mobius always looked stiff and alert back there. He had his guard up and his demeanour remained somewhat cold. Even when he was on the more ‘chill’ side of the workplace, he had his armour up (metaphorical, of coarse)
A vast comparison to the loving man Loki had grown to have known the past evening.
He didn’t want to loose that man he ever so loved to a continuous office job. The end never seeming to appear.
Loki lifted his hand gingerly up to Mobius’ face. The agent had done it all the same to him- So why was it so hard for Loki to repeat that same action?
Nervousness and embarrassment threatened to snatch his hand back away again. But Loki refused to fall under the guise of his anxious mind.
He cupped Mobius’ cheek as gently as he possibly could manage, to the point where he was barley grazing the skin on some areas. His fingertips tingled and stung as he become hyper-aware of his own hands.
Loki wasn’t used to this. He wasn’t sure how he was supposed to feel.
But even still, he ran his thumb along the bottom of his eyes, careful not to graze his eyelashes. He took his time admiring Mobius’ sleeping face as he did.
Loki almost wanted to just fall back asleep again, staring at his lover doing so. As the sunshine fell over half of Mobius’ face, he couldn’t help but notice how the shadows accentuated his most beautiful features. His nose, his freckles, his cheeks, his moles; Loki was fallen head-over-heels for his looks as much as his personality, that part was true.
Out of pure impulse, Loki leaned up to kiss him.
Sure, it might have been a bit awkward, especially since Mobius was fast asleep and could not reciprocate it; But Loki didn’t do much. He just gave a light peck on his lips. As much as he wanted to straddle him and absolutely just make out with him- Consent was the most important. And, of coarse, Mobius was asleep.
But once Loki had let go of the kiss, the agents eyes suddenly fluttered open. He was slow, too, taking his time adjusting to the bright sun. But once his vision focused, and the first thing he saw was Loki; Mobius couldn’t help but smile.
Finally, a smile meant for him.
“Good morning, Mobius”
“Hmmpph, Mornin’ Lokes.. Thanks for the wake-up call”
“Anytime, dear”
Loki had never heard his name be converted into a nickname before, but he quite liked it, surprisingly. It made him feel special.
Mobius yawned and lifted up his arms to stretch. His muscles tightening as he let out a satisfied, sleepy sigh. He let his arms go limp around Loki’s shoulders once again, propping his head up to look him in the eye.
“‘Didja sleep alright?” His voice was gravely and rough, still recovering from being woken up.
“I did indeed, as did you I assume?”
Mobius gave out a sleepy laugh, “Don't play that pompous game with me Lokes. You know I sleep like a cat”
“A handsome cat,” Loki corrected him, swatting away a stray hair from his face.
Mobius was most definitely a heavy sleeper. His moustache and hair were all ruffled and pointing in all different directions, and his face was slightly smushed from laying against the pillow all night. His eyelids still remained hooded but a big, goofy smile was plastered on his face.
“Mmm, oh dear, what’s the time love?”
“What do you mean?” Loki playfully answered back
“We have nowhere to be”
“You don’t, maybe,” Mobius grumbled. He clearly didn’t wanna get up off the pillow; Both Loki and the blanket were warm and comforting.
“But I have work to do”
“Mmmmm, Not if I keep you here longer”
Mobius laughed again, raising an eyebrow jokingly-disapprovingly
“Oh-hoh, really? How are you gonna do that, Mr. Silvertongue?”
“Like this”
Loki swung a leg over Mobius’ hips and pulled him into a trapping hug with his arms wrapped around his neck. He kissed Mobius, albeit awkwardly; and forced him back down onto the bed.
The agent giggled against Loki’s lips, and although efforts where made to kiss him back, Mobius couldn’t quite stop smiling. Loki didn’t mind in the slightest though- He was just glad that he played along with his trick.
After finally pulling back, Loki joined Mobius in a fit of giggles, unable to keep the moment even somewhat serious.
“You sir, are a sneaky little trickster, you know that, right?”
“Oh yes I knoww, and you love it”
Mobius kissed him on the top of his head, giggles subsiding even just for a second.
“You know I do”
“…Sooo will you stay for a few more minutes?”
“Loki!”
Mobius burst out laughing, playfully swatting at his arm. They were terrible at keeping the moment serious in the mornings, apparently
“Awwe come on, agent! Can’t my favourite big, strong, rough-and-tough detective stay for just a bit longer?”
“OK now you’re just teasing me- No! No don’t give me those puppy-dog eyes!”
The god of mischief gave him a terrible impression of big, dog eyes- But the illusion was shattered when Mobius lay his chin atop his head and let out a long sigh.
A few seconds of silence hung in the air.
“..Fine. I’ll stay”
Mobius sounded tired.
“I could use a bit of a sleep-in.”
Loki smiled a big, toothy grin. “Oh how I love being right”
“What am I going to tell Renslayer when I pull up late to work?”
Loki thought for a moment, before pulling him back down to playfully kiss his nose
“That the most handsome and smartest and powerful god ever has forced you into his chamber and now you’re stuck?”
“…Suuuure” Mobius said sarcastically.
“Let’s go with that.”
Loki hummed in satisfaction, pressing his face against Mobius’ chest once more. The scent of his skin was a now familiar and homely smell to him.
“Just five more minutes..” Mobius mumbled sleepily, his eyes already fluttering shut. Neither of them bothered to set a timer on the bedside clock (A much more digital one than the cuckoo clock hanging on the wall)
With a kiss to his shoulder, Loki grinned and followed suit in closing his eyes again in a more comfortable position.
“Five more minutes”
“I love you, Loki.”
“I love you too, Mobius”
The end
The green portal closed behind him, and a part of Loki wished he could just summon it back, to dive into it headfirst and go...where? There is nowhere to go but here, he reminded himself, if I look back then I am lost. This was the only place he had left and, even so, who was to say he’d be accepted? He wasn’t sure how his people had felt about his death, if they mourned him, if he’d been the type of person the Asgardians mourned.

He pulled his green cloak tighter around his body and walked through the grass. He hadn’t wanted to portal straight to the village, Tønsberg, immediately. Instead, he had landed just outside. There was a sign. It looked relatively new. Welcome to New Asgard, it said, Please drive slowly.

It was a beautiful place, situated on the edge of Norway by the cliffs. If there was anywhere on Midgard the Asgardians would feel at home, it was Norway. The air smelt constantly of salt and fish. He would have complained, but it was refreshing after the mustiness of the Time Variance Authority, after the stench of death in the apocalypses. He wouldn’t say that going to Earth felt like home per say, but there was a comfort in going back to where the Asgardians were. Asgard wasn’t a place, but a people, father would say. The impact of those words didn’t hit hard until Asgard had been lost to Ragnarok.

He was just glad to get away from the Time Variance Authority, to be able to change out of those ridiculous Midgardian clothes. Wearing the same bloody, sweaty shirt for days had been utterly agonising, and so he thought he deserved a new outfit. The top was green, with long sleeves and scales down the torso— akin to a snake, perhaps. The bottoms were black and comfortable, as were the heeled boots, and he wore a belt that had a holster, a suitable place for the flaming sword the child version gave him. He was still struggling to get over the different Variants of himself. An alligator, honestly? It had been a nightmare, and yet the older version of himself seemed to unlock a confidence within him that had only been a façade until now. Still, he’d be rather content if the only Loki he saw from now on was himself in the mirror.

Anyways, he continued to walk through the grass, aiming for the village when a small garden caught his eye. There was a gate, to which he unlocked with magic and went through, and a cluster of plants around three stones. His breath hitched in his throat, and breathing came with more difficulty. They were headstones, all ornate and yet plain at the same time, simply lined with a gold paint. Headstones weren’t a tradition in Asgard, they had their own beliefs and customs regarding death, and so he wondered why they were even here. Maybe they were placeholders for something more extravagant to come. Curiosity held, Loki made his way over to them. In the same gold paint there were names written on each stone.

Odin Borson.

Frigga Freyrdottir.

Loki Odinson.

He sank to the ground, wrapping the hooded cloak around his body as if it would give him any comfort. Loki didn’t feel the cold, not in the same way those who weren't Frost Giants did, and yet his hand shook as he reached out and brushed his fingers over his mother’s name. Her death replayed in his mind again and again, the same two words being repeated. Your fault. There was so much he wanted to say to her and yet would never be able to. She died because of him and his stupid need for attention. Loki sighed and pressed his forehead to the stone, closing his eyes. The world seemed to still, the only movement being the breeze whipping through his dark braid. He didn’t cry, refused to cry and have some Asgardian find him in such a teary state. The embarrassment would eat him whole. That memory with Sif had done enough damage to his ego.

He conjured flowers for his parents’ graves, tried to clean them up a little, but he left his own stone alone. Should he destroy it? Maybe it was best to just leave New Asgard for good, to have this headstone be the only thing relating to him in this coastal, fishy town. He could find a planet, like his older self had done, find somewhere that he wouldn’t be able to hurt or kill or be used as a murderous puppet. Then it hit him with full force. Where was Thor’s headstone? Was there another one for him elsewhere, a more special one? Thor had died, he’d watched his brother clutch his dead body as the planet around them exploded. Loki’s heart beat frantically as he stood, staring over at the town of New Asgard. He’d seen himself die, had seen the explosion, but he hadn’t seen Thor quite literally die.

What if his brother hadn’t died?

And then he ran, almost tripping over grass and his own boots. His hair came loose, black curls spilling over his face and shoulders as his cloak whipped in the wind. Asgardians looked at him when he reached the village, some whispering in others ears and some uncaring that a frantic madman was bolting through their streets. He didn’t have time to properly inspect the thatched roofs or brightly coloured doors, but he knew that it was nothing like Asgard. Did they recognize him? If Thor were alive, where would he find him? There was no castle, no building fancier than the rest to indicate that the King of Asgard lived there. He was King, wasn’t he?

He almost gave up, until he saw him.

Thor. Thor.

His blond hair was longer, the top half of it braided, and he no longer had the eyepatch that was there in the hologram in the Time Variance Authority. One of his eyes were brown instead of blue. He looked...well, different. Not a bad different, but the cardigan he wore was ridiculous and what were those plastic shoes? It didn’t matter, he didn’t care, not when his brother was here. Loki stepped closer, and for a long time they merely stared at each other. His eyes watered, and for the first time since he’d sat in that god-awful room with Mobius he felt hope.

“Loki?”

“Thor.”

Loki shook as Thor’s hands reached forward, clasping around his biceps, holding tight as if he were an illusion and would disappear with a flash of green. He stared up at Thor, properly looking at the brown eye, the scar that ran through his brow and went right down to the top of his cheek. Who did that to him? What had Thor gone through? All questions seemed to momentraily stop for they were in each other’s arms, and Loki began to sob against Thor. He would have felt embarrassed, yet Thor’s shoulders were shaking and he knew that his older brother was crying too. He’d been devastated when he arrived here, not sure of his place, merely wanting closure, and now it felt as if everything had just fallen into their slots. Not perfectly, but he doubted it ever would be. Loki heard Thor murmur, “Lillebror,” little brother, and he clutched at him tighter, perhaps cried harder. When was the last time they hugged?

It felt like forever had passed before they pulled back, and his brother brought him into a white house near the coast. People looked at them, no doubt filled with questions, but Loki ignored them for now. The house was a repulsive place, the smell of ale made Loki’s nose scrunch up, but he was still clinging onto Thor’s arm, refusing to let go. Soon the bubble of comfort would break and he’d have to explain himself, but Thor was holding onto him just as tight. They never had been affectionate growing up, so this felt...new and not in the absolute worst of ways.

“Drink?” Thor’s voice sounded wet.

“I’m fine,” Loki said, taking in the house. There was clutter everywhere— cans of ale, empty food containers, mismatched pillow cases. The only Thor-like thing was the double-sided axe and a red cloak hanging by the door. His brother had always welcomed the Midgardian ways, but this...this felt different. As if his brother had given up on life entirely. Thor nodded silently, and for a while neither of them seemed to know what to say.

“Is it really you, Loki? Not some cruel trick?” Thor eventually said, and Loki sucked in a breath. Even after all these hundreds of years, trust didn’t come easy between them. Though, he understood Thor’s weariness this time. Loki wasn’t the type of person you’d trust. He didn’t even trust himself.

“It’s me,” he started, and he sat on one of the single chairs. “Just...not the me you knew.” He groaned, rubbing his face. “I don’t know how to explain in a way you’ll actually believe me.” He was still confused with the concept of Variants and Sacred Timelines himself.

Thor remained silent for a while, and Loki could practically hear the gears turning in his head. “Steve and...Tony told me that, when they went back for the Space Stone, you disappeared with it. Is that related?” The hesitation before saying Stark's same felt a lot like grief.

Loki’s eyes widened. Shit, maybe Thor would believe him after all. He nodded, and he took the Tesseract from his pocket dimension. It shone blue between them, the most alien thing in the room besides themselves. The thing didn’t hold as much value to him as it did, not after what Casey had said, but he couldn’t just leave without it...and a few of the other Infinity Stones. The Tesseract had been his for a long time, he had a stupid emotional connection to it. He had died for it and Thor. Besides, who wouldn’t want to own an Infinity Stone? When his brother tensed Loki immediately banished it, but the point had been made. He was the Loki that Tony and Steve spoke of, and now his theory was proved correct. He knew he smelt the colognes of two Tony Starks! “Yes, that’s me. I got away, but these people arrested me. They’re called the Time Variance Authority—”

And so Loki told him everything necessary, because lies didn’t feel like the right thing to do. There was no plot against Thor, no tricks or mischief. Loki didn't want to lie or cheat or trick. He told him about what he saw in the holograms, about Mobius and the apocalypses and the trickery of the Time Keepers. Then he explained He Who Remains, how he had a choice and decided to just...leave, knowing that something would happen in the future. Something bad, something he knew he wouldn’t be able to handle alone, even when he had changed. Not just godly titles, but himself. He wasn’t alone now, and that felt a whole lot better than he thought it would. Thor surprisingly remained silent the whole time, only butting in to ask a question. Yes Thor, he had to repeat a few times, there really was a talking clock. Loki wasn’t used to seeing his brother so still and silent, but he had to remember that Thor had gone through the same as him. They’d lost their parents, their planet, some of their own people. The grief stung, and his eyes threatened to water again. Emotion was exhausting.

“Where are you going now?” Thor asked, tone hesitant. For hundreds of years Loki hadn’t stayed in the same place for more than a year, his family was used to him leaving. Asgard had been his home and he always managed to come home for occasions and celebrations, but for months on end he’d be travelling to other planets, learning different cultures and practicing his magic. He’d travelled to Midgard in the 1500s, but didn’t return until the 1800s when he’d been accused of being a witch. He’d dried himself using magic in front of a human woman, who had shrieked so damn loud and caught the attention of what felt like the whole village. That had been an interesting story for his mother. The 1800s were his favourite time period, even when the hot drinks were ghastly and the streets had smelt so bad. A boy there, Theo, had made things better. He would be long gone, and Loki found himself wondering where his grave was, if he’d had a good life, a better one than Loki could have given him. He shrugged, feigning boredom. “I’ll stay here, I suppose,” he said, as if he had options. Travelling didn’t interest him as much as it did when he was younger, not after the week he’d had.

He noticed how Thor seemed to perk up. “Really?”

Loki nodded, standing up with a new-found sense of purpose. “Yes, but we must do something about the state of this house. Do you truly live here?” he asked, baffled as he looked around again. It was quite the opposite to the Asgardian castle, not particularly a place he wanted to stay in.

“I do, with Korg. We play video games.”

Loki’s eyes narrowed. “Who’s Korg?”

“He’s my friend, a blue rock. Brunnhilde had plans for a castle, but-”

A blue rock?! Video games?! “Who’s Brunnhilde?”

Thor stilled, turning sheepish. “Oh. I forgot that you don’t know who they are. You can meet them! Well, they know who you are but they don’t know who you are-”

“Thor,” he said in warning, and his brother shut up. He did, and Loki frowned in thought. There had been a woman in one of the holograms he was shown, a Valkyrie with an impressive sword. Was that her? How many people in New Asgard was he yet to meet? Was there anyone from Asgard left? It was all overwhelming, perhaps too much too soon. All he’d wanted was to see New Asgard, not to stay. Could he stay and be the prince their people needed?

He must’ve looked troubled, because Thor walked over and settled a hand on his shoulder. He fought the urge to tense. Vulnerability sucked. “We don’t have to meet anyone today.”

Loki looked up at him, immediately shaking his head. “I’m fine, Thor. Let’s go and meet them.” Thor nodded, staring at him with a smile for what felt like forever, and then they left.

He met Korg and Brunnhilde, along with a few others who recognized him. Well, the old him. They spoke fondly of him, making him wonder what type of person he’d been before his death. Nobody slapped or yelled at him, which felt like a bonus. For so long he thought of himself as a villain, but nobody treated him as such. Some people seemed cautious, especially Brunnhilde, but he was Loki after all. Despite her lack of complete trust in Loki, they still agreed that he attend some meetings and help her develop New Asgard. It gave him something to do, he supposed. He didn’t want to be the King, was content to let the Valkyrie take that role, but he still cared for his people. Thor had explained that he’d have to inform the surviving Avengers of his presence in New Asgard, particularly the Sorcerer Supreme whoever that was, so Loki didn’t find himself arrested and in a cell. Loki hadn’t argued, for it seemed fair after what he’d done in New York.

That night, after an emotionally exhausting afternoon, Thor led him to a bedroom upstairs, a small one filled with boxes and dusty furniture. Loki scrunched up his nose. “We can decorate, of course,” Thor said sheepishly, most likely expecting Loki to straight up refuse to stay in such a horrid place. He debated doing as such, but he supposed it wasn’t so bad when he thought of all the other places he’d stayed in when travelling in his youth. “Or we can get you a place of your own,” his brother was quick to add, and

Loki thought about it. Eventually he shook his head, walking deeper into the room. A quick flourish of magic had the dust cleaned away, and he changed the bedsheets from a dull grey colour to emerald green. Only then was he happy enough to lay his cloak on the bed, then the sword. Loki looked over his shoulder at Thor, who was smiling at him. He’d been smiling all day, the oaf. “No, I’ll stay here. For now, anyway.” He wouldn’t ever confess it aloud, but he didn’t want to be alone.

His older brother nodded, shifting from foot to foot, seemingly reluctant to leave the room. Perhaps he feared Loki would be gone the following morning, but Loki had plans to sleep for as long as he possibly could. When was the last time he slept? “Okay, well...goodnight, Loki.”

“Goodnight, Thor,” Loki replied, closing the door once his brother was gone. Silence settled over the room, greeting him like a soft caress. He sighed, slumping against the door. He closed his eyes. Emotion clouded his head, too much of it, threatening to have him in tears yet again before the day was through. It felt too tempting, too easy to run away and not deal with his feelings. He refused to do that.

He’d stay here, stay with his brother, in the way the old variant of him wanted.

He’d no longer be that person who merely brought out the good in others.

He’d bring out the good in himself.

He’d write his own story.

For All Time. Always.
Stories deleted for no reason, as there were no replies from the AO3 admin for why they are deleted but they are deleted immediately after they are posted. This means they were reported by outrunthehurricane aka Lady Nature, who assumed they were all Elizabeth, Shareifeggnog, & Robert who are three separate people.

1. Tricks
Admin: "Dear BesssGrams_Last_Seen_Objectified8_3_1422, Your work Tricks was deleted from the Archive by a site admin. If your work was part of an import project managed by our Open Doors team, please contact Open Doors with any further questions. If it's possible your work violated the Archive's Terms of Service, please contact our Abuse Committee. Attached is a copy of your work for your reference."

BesssGrams_Last_Seen_Objectified8_3_1422: "What was the reason this story got deleted for?

NO REPLY


2. Queen Athena Cykes
Admin: "Dear Shareifeggnog, Your work Queen Athena Cykes: The Right Side of History was deleted from the Archive by a site admin. If your work was part of an import project managed by our Open Doors team, please contact Open Doors with any further questions. If it's possible your work violated the Archive's Terms of Service, please contact our Abuse Committee. Attached is a copy of your work for your reference." Shareifeggnog: "What was the reason my story was deleted?" NO REPLY.... The ao3 admin didn't respond to harassment & threats on Shareifeggnog's review board from outrunthehurricane. "This guest's comments are spam and harassment. It's not constructive criticism. It's a threat for further spam and harassment in my comment section. 'For the world's best Tudors fanfiction reader, I have never seen you on the great ReganX or FalconHonour. Oh is only bullying Lady_Preseverence and giving glowing praise to this "author" worthy of your attention? A pity you are missing out. Yes and those sixty-nine people who all gave them kudos within the first, what hour, of them posting this story and didn't bother reviewing or giving kudos to their other stories are certainly well deserved.' This person is either Lady_Preseverance or ReganX or FalconHonour. They are trying to bully me into reviewing RegaX, FalconHonour, or PanBoleyn" NO REPLY

3. The Hidden Twilight Coronation
Admin: "Dear Beaufort_Last_Seen_Maim_By_Poet_8_3_1422, Your work The Hidden Twilight Coronation was deleted from the Archive by a site admin. If your work was part of an import project managed by our Open Doors team, please contact Open Doors with any further questions. If it's possible your work violated the Archive's Terms of Service, please contact our Abuse Committee. Attached is a copy of your work for your reference." Dear Beaufort_Last_Seen_Maim_By_Poet_8_3_1422: "Why was this fic deleted?" NO REPLY

4. Help Bring Me Home
Admin: "Dear BessTudor_Last_Seen_Chained_Up_7_4_1540, Your work Help Bring Me Home was deleted from the Archive by a site admin. If your work was part of an import project managed by our Open Doors team, please contact Open Doors with any further questions. If it's possible your work violated the Archive's Terms of Service, please contact our Abuse Committee. Attached is a copy of your work for your reference. BessTudor: "Why was my story help bring me home deleted when it didn't have any infractions?" NO REPLY

5. Pierced
Admin: "Dear Enirum, Your work Pierced was deleted from the Archive by a site admin. If your work was part of an import project managed by our Open Doors team, please contact Open Doors with any further questions. If it's possible your work violated the Archive's Terms of Service, please contact our Abuse Committee. Attached is a copy of your work for your reference." Enirum: "What rule did this story break?" NO REPLY

6. Gut Feeling
Admin:
"Dear Enirum, Your work Gut feeling was deleted from the Archive by a site admin. If your work was part of an import project managed by our Open Doors team, please contact Open Doors with any further questions. If it's possible your work violated the Archive's Terms of Service, please contact our Abuse Committee. Attached is a copy of your work for your reference." Enirum: "What rule did this story break?" NO REPLY

7. Kings
Admin: "Dear Enirum, Your work Kings was deleted from the Archive by a site admin. If your work was part of an import project managed by our Open Doors team, please contact Open Doors with any further questions. If it's possible your work violated the Archive's Terms of Service, please contact our Abuse Committee. Attached is a copy of your work for your reference." Enirum: "What rule did this story break?" NO REPLY

8. Rich
Admin: "Dear Enirum, Your work Rich was deleted from the Archive by a site admin. If your work was part of an import project managed by our Open Doors team, please contact Open Doors with any further questions. If it's possible your work violated the Archive's Terms of Service, please contact our Abuse Committee. Attached is a copy of your work for your reference." Enirum: "What rule did this story break again?" NO REPLY

9. Church of Henry
Admin: " Dear Enirum, Your work Church of Henry was deleted from the Archive by a site admin. If your work was part of an import project managed by our Open Doors team, please contact Open Doors with any further questions. If it's possible your work violated the Archive's Terms of Service, please contact our Abuse Committee. Attached is a copy of your work for your reference." Enirum: "What rule did this fic break?"
He doesn’t do it on purpose.
If he could swear his integrity, he would. The circumstances being as they are, however, prevent him from uttering a word in his defense, let alone an explanation as to how this orange tabby cat found itself in the hall outside Leo’s quarters shortly after dinner on a winter night. Leo blinks at him from the doorway. He blinks back. Odin’s used to being the tallest of his trios, sitting around shin height is a new experience.
Leo closes his door. Odin darts inside his quarters before it can shut entirely and deftly dodges around Niles’s grabbing hands to hop onto Leo’s desk.
It’s there he begins his attempts at psychic communication.
“It’s… staring at me,” Niles says. Odin blinks, slow, an attempt to convey his friendly intentions. “Why is it staring at me?”
“It’s a cat,” Leo rolls his eyes, “Cats stare.”
“It’s creepy,” Niles says.
Good, they’ve successfully detected something is unusual about him. Perhaps soon they will discover he’s no cat at all, but rather that he’s Odin Dark, trapped in a spell gone terribly wrong with no way to reverse it using his little paws.
Based on the annoyed look on Leo’s face, he thinks this may take awhile.
“Just… get it out of here,” Leo says, “It’s sitting on important documents.”
An excellent opportunity to signal that he can understand them. Odin stands, stretches his back and legs, and paws his way to the end of the desk and sits down off of Leo’s things.
“It’s not anymore,” Niles says with a hint of laughter touching his voice.
“No, I suppose not.” Leo narrows his eyes at Odin. Odin narrows his own eyes back and thinks, desperately, pointedly.
It is I, your companion, Odin Dark. I have found myself in an unfortunate situation with which I need your assistance escaping.
It doesn’t work.
“It still shouldn’t be in here,” Leo says.
Odin would frown if he could. His tail flicks in discontent.
Odin Dark, he thinks, Odin Dark, Odin Dark, Odin Dark.
“Where’s Odin?” Niles asks. Success. “Make him take care of the cat.”
Me. Me. Me. Me.
“Odin’s doing… whatever Odin does when I can’t see him,” Leo says. Odin is a cat, sitting on Leo’s desk, but Leo doesn’t know that yet. “Just pick it up and put it back in the hall.”
Niles shrugs and steps toward Odin. Odin has none of it; he jumps off of Leo’s desk and darts to the closest hiding space he can find underneath a low couch in front of the fireplace. Niles’s footprints thunder after him and soon enough Niles is crouched down, inspecting his lair, calculating his next move.
Odin tries very hard not to hiss. He does anyway.
“Well, now, cat,” Niles is clearly trying to speak softly, “Just… come out. Come on.”
Odin doesn’t move. If he gets separated from Leo and Niles he’ll be trapped in this body until the morning. Not that it’s the worst thing to ever happen to him, but he’d prefer to regain his verbal capabilities.
“Great,” Niles sighs and stands, “Do you mind if I move this couch?”
“I don’t care,” Leo says. The sound of a pen scrawling across parchment pick up after he speaks. He must have returned to his desk.
There’s a great deal of grunting and Niles lifts the couch. Odin will not be bested so easily. He speeds away, around the room, underneath Leo’s desk and between his feet. Leo tenses. Odin meows.
“It’s under,” Leo says, sounding tense, “My desk.”
“I can see that, milord,” Niles says. “Have you considered moving?”
Leo sighs, long and suffering, and pushes his chair back. Odin meows again.
“Stand still,” Niles tells Leo. Leo gives him a look but says nothing.
Odin prepares to run again, to climb a bookshelf and find something on magic to paw at. They’re in a stand off: Odin poised to run, Niles poised to chase, neither making the first move.
Then, footsteps in the hall. Odin’s struck by how clearly he can hear the heel-toe-heel-toe on the carpet, coming closer until they pause outside Leo’s door followed by a firm knock.
“Leo?” Camilla’s voice calls, “Do you have a moment?”
Leo and Niles exchange glances. Leo tilts his head toward Odin. Niles shrugs. Leo rubs the bridge of his nose. Niles looks Odin over. Odin stays frozen in place. Finally, Leo approaches his door and says through the thick wood, “What is it, Camilla?”
“Have you seen Odin? He left a dreadful mess in the library.”
Odin’s eyes are still locked on Niles. He hears more than sees Leo open his door and say, “That’s not like him, how long ago was this? Selena and Beruka haven't been able to find him?”
“Selena helped Felicia clean up the mess,” Camilla answers, “But that was, oh, two hours ago or so, and neither Selena nor Beruka have found Odin to ask why he left all those tomes out.”
Niles looks away from Odin and watches their conversation, a frown on his face.
“I see,” Leo says after a short pause. “Thank you for letting me know, Camilla. I’ll have a conversation with him.”
“Thank you, sweetie.” The sound of Camilla patting Leo on the head. “I’ll leave you to it.”
Camilla’s footsteps fade back the way they came and Leo shuts the door. While Leo’s back is still turned, Niles turns to Odin and he would later swear the ghost of a smirk crossed his face.
“Well, milord,” Niles says, not breaking eye contact with Odin, “I can’t imagine Selena or Beruka did a very thorough job of searching for him if they didn’t check here.”
“Beruka probably checked and we didn’t notice,” Leo answers.
“Hm. I don’t suppose they’ve checked Odin’s room.”
Odin should hope they did, otherwise what kind of friends does he have?
“What are you getting at?” Leo asks, exasperated.
“I’m just saying,” Niles purrs. He would make a better cat than Odin. “His diary might hold some clues as to where he’s gone.”
He knows. Odin meows, a desperate plea for help. Niles’s smirk grows.
Dick.
“You don’t think he left, do you?” Leo asks, suddenly unsure. Niles’s smirk disappears and his face becomes serious.
“No,” Niles says, “He wouldn’t leave without saying something. He loves us, and we love him. It would be, ah, unheroic to leave us behind.”
There’s a jab in there somewhere. Purrhaps years ago Odin would have left in the dark of the night, a shadow of a memory, but Niles is right: here, and now, Odin wouldn’t leave them behind, just as Laslow wouldn’t leave Xander and Selena wouldn’t leave Camilla.
“Could he be hurt?” Leo asks, panic tinting his voice.
Odin meows, a desperate comfort.
“Doubt it,” Niles says, “Camilla didn’t say what types of tomes he had out.”
“No,” Leo says, “She didn’t.”
“Maybe he summoned a sexy tentacle monster?”
Leo scrunches up his nose. “Somehow I doubt that.”
“Sounds like the only other option is to read his diary,” Niles sighs, long and suffering and fake, “Darn. Wish it didn’t have to come to this.”
Odin meows again.
“Please take care of this cat first so I can get my work done,” Leo says. Odin meows louder. He can’t allow Niles to invade his privacy so easily.
“I kinda like it,” Niles says, “Let’s name it Cockmaster.”
“Let’s not.”
“I think Odin would like it.”
Odin meows in protest. Leo looks at him. Really looks at him with brows furrowed and a slight frown. How frown grows. Niles starts snickering.
“What’s the problem, milord?” Niles forces out.
“That’s Odin,” Leo says, “Isn’t it?”
Odin hops back on top of Leo’s desk and meows.
“No,” Niles laughs, “That’s cockmaster.”
Odin meows louder.
“What did you do?” Leo asks.
Odin forgets he can’t speak and tries to answer. I am unsure of the exact magical sequence that occurred to place me in this predicament, but you are known far and wide for your intellect and I have confidence you can free me from this feline prison. It comes out as a series of meows.
“Maybe he just needs a hug,” Niles suggests.
“I don’t think that’s it,” Leo says.
“Or true love’s kiss?”
Leo shakes his head. “If you want to kiss Odin you don’t need my permission, I just hope you’re not allergic.”
“Allergic to my boyfriend, talk about a tragic romance.” Niles steps toward Odin and picks him up, wrapping his warm hands underneath Odin’s armpits and lifting him into the air, leaving his legs suspended. “Look at him. He’s so long.”
“He certainly is.” Leo moves to stand next to Niles and inspects Odin’s flying form. “Whatever magic this is, it looks like it sought an approximate match to Odin’s human body. He probably didn’t choose it.”
Odin tries to meow. From his unfortunate position it comes out more like a low growl. Niles, considerate underneath the offensive armor he presents to people he doesn’t care for, lowers Odin and shifts his hold to allow Odin to climb atop his shoulder instead. Odin settles down atop his perch.
“You’re right.” Niles scratches Odin’s back just above his tail. It’s divine. “He would’ve been a black cat with red eyes or some shit.”
There’s a pause while Odin enjoys getting his ass scratched.
“I don’t know how to undo this,” Leo admits, voice small. Odin looks over to see Leo with his arms crossed looking at the ground, deep in thought. “I’ve only read about human transformation in theory, I didn’t know it was even possible.”
Niles hums. “Would Nyx know?”
“Probably, but who knows where she is right now.”
“Well,” Niles sighs, “I guess Odin’s a cat forever.”
Odin meows.
“Don’t say that,” Leo snaps, “If he got himself into this mess, there’s a way to get him out of it.”


Odin finds himself unusually fatigued and when Niles eventually lowers him from his shoulder Odin falls asleep on the plush cushion of the couch he’d previously hidden under, gently warmed by the fire, feeling safe and peaceful. When he wakes later he doesn’t recall his dreams, but he does notice the sun has set and the candles are burning low.
Across from him, seated on another couch with papers and tomes laid out on the low table between them, Leo leans over research materials and Niles looks into the fire. It strikes him, now, how ill the both of them look. The fire reflects off their skin in a sickly yellow. Odin regrets the stress he’s brought the both of them.
“Well, look who’s awake,” Niles says suddenly. Leo’s eyes shoot up and he smiles fondly at Odin.
“You certainly sleep like a cat,” Leo says.
Odin yawns and stretches his legs.
“Maybe he should stay a cat,” Niles says, “You know how much I like pu —”
“Niles,” Leo cuts him off, “Now isn’t the time.”
Niles stops. Odin wishes he would continue, that he would consume the silence with dirty jokes and dark humor. Without Odin’s artful monologues the space is eerily quiet. It sets him on edge, makes him paranoid risen or Plegian mages hide in the shadows, reminds him of years spent sneaking around and only boasting when they were already discovered.
Odin meows.
Niles hums. “Go on.”
He’s humoring him. Odin meows again anyway. And again.
“Fascinating,” Niles says.
“What’s he saying?” Leo asks dryly.
“Something about his blood,” Niles says.
Odin meows.
“I really wish you could just tell me what you did,” Leo mutters. He turns a page in one of the tomes. “Selena was able to gather all the supplies you left out so we have a starting point, but neither her nor Felicia thought to save your place in these books.”
Even if Odin could speak, he wouldn’t be able to explain what he did. He still doesn’t know.
“I told you,” Niles says, “True love’s kiss.”
“Then kiss him,” Leo mutters.
“Don’t have to tell me twice.”
Niles leans over the low table and scoops Odin up into his arms, cradling him like a baby. Odin can’t say he hates it. Niles gives him a loud, obnoxious smooch on top of his head.
“Damn,” Niles says, not releasing Odin but rather arranging himself so he can relax with Odin on his chest, “Didn’t work.”
“Now that we’ve eliminated that option, let’s consider a new way forward,” Leo says. Niles chuckles.
“As you wish, milord,” he says. He scratches Odin behind the ears and Odin purrs in response. Gods, that’s satisfying.


When Odin next wakes the sun has just barely begun shining through the drapes in Leo’s study, lighting the wooden frames on the furniture up in rich pinks and reds. Odin yawns. His mouth is dry. He reaches up a hand to rub his eye and —
A hand.
Odin blinks. Then he blinks again. His four fingers and thumb don’t meld back together into a paw. His hand connects to an arm, and his arm connects to a shoulder, and his shoulder connects to a human body. Unable to contain himself, he laughs.
“Of course, the mystical secrets of the new day,” Odin muses, “The magic that afflicted my mortal body faded with the world’s turn.”
“Hm,” Niles says underneath him, “Convenient.”
Odin’s face hurts from how hard he grins. He lays back down and shoves his face into Niles’s neck, feeling the comfortable warmth and Niles’s hand running down his back. Niles’s laugh rumbles through his chest. After his experience Odin might even liken it to a purr.
A weight on his back. “Care to share what happened?” Leo asks as he lays down on top of him, creating an Odin sandwich.
“I’m afraid I have no more answers than you,” Odin says, “On my quest for knowledge on the inner workings of obscure spell circles I mistakenly arranged my materials in such an order that activated unknown magic, moments later the light faded and I was, well, a cat.”
“That’s… not a satisfying answer,” Leo admits. His warm breath ghosts across the shell of Odin’s ear and he shudders.
“I will gladly loan my services to unravel the mystery,” Odin offers.
Niles hums. “I’d rather you loan your services to unravel something more exciting.”
Odin blushes. Years into this thing they’re doing and he blushes.
“I’m exhausted,” Leo complains.
“Exactly.” Niles shifts underneath him and says, “We can unravel being awake. Go back to sleep.”
They do.
The Sisters had convened for an in-person meeting at an undisclosed location to discuss topics of importance that should not go out over the Network where Last Order might overhear them and possibly inform the wrong people of the topics discussed. It also allowed them to have fun, Sister style, without Big Sister interrupting them or scolding them.
“Misaka 19095 notes that Shokuhou has been tormenting Big Sister again and proposes initiating ‘Operation Sister Swarm’ as punishment and to dissuade further torments Misaka 19095 states to the group.”
“Variant D or Variant N inquires Misaka 13570 hoping for Variant N.”
“Definitely Variant N on a Friday after Target Shokuhou’s usual late evening consumption of too many cakes proposes Misaka 19095 with malice aforethought.”“How will entrance be made asks Misaka 10039.”
“Via outside window which the target thoughtfully leaves open answers Misaka 19095 with an evil grin.”
The Sisters all looked at each other. “All in favor asks Misaka 19095.”
Twenty hands were raised.
“Next order of business states Misaka 10032 is Savior’s upcoming birthday and what to do.”
“Sisters have tabled this discussion for the last three meetings argues Misaka 19540 due to an inability to agree on anything that does not involve every Sister hugging Savior.”
“Or angering Big Sister or Friend Index adds Misaka 19095 sadly.”
“Misaka 19540 would like to make a new proposal Sisters Misaka 19540 states boldly.”
The Sisters all nodded.
“This proposal will involve complex planning and maximum Sister cooperation with minimal Sister benefits cautions Misaka 19540 possibly dooming the plan to failure before explaining it.”
“Proceed directs Misaka 10032 cautiously on behalf of all Sisters present.”
“Thank you Misaka 19540 acknowledges courteously. As all Sisters know, Molester has an unrequited crush/love for Big Sister for over one year now Misaka 19540 reviews almost unnecessarily.”
Synchronous head nods.
“All Sisters also know of Big Sister’s cruel treatment of Molester by occasionally treating Molester kindly and giving Molester hope then resorting to Tsundere behavior and crushing Molester’s dreams Misaka 19540 states plainly.”
Head nods again.
“What is not well known Misaka 19540 continues is that Misaka 11420 has had a crush on Molester for at least two hundred and forty-two days and twenty-one hours reveals Misaka 19540 to the unknowing Sisters.”
A Sister jumped up and pointed at Misaka 19540. “Misaka 11420 revealed that crush in confidence to Misaka 19540 Misaka 11420 shouts in tears, outrage, and embarrassment that Misaka 11420’s secret has been revealed to possibly disproving Sisters.”
Nineteen faces stared at Misaka 11420 in the usual manner. “Misaka 13570 thinks Misaka 11420 is brave in admitting a crush on Molester in the face of Big Sister’s Tsundere interference in a potential relationship with Molester Misaka 13570 says sadly.”
“Misaka 19095 also supports Misaka 11420 in an attempt at a relationship with Molester as Misaka 19095 believes both Molester and Misaka 11420 deserve happiness Misaka 19095 states firmly while waiting to hear how this relates to Misaka 19540’s plan.”
“Misaka 19540 has a two-pronged plan for Savior’s birthday and Misaka 11420’s happiness Misaka 19540 reveals. First prong is to send Savior Friend Index and Big Sister off to an Onsen near Niigata without any of them realizing what is happening Misaka 19540 explains carefully while revealing that the second prong is that Molester does not realize that Big Sister has been spirited away and Misaka 11420 substituted in Big Sister’s place to finally seduce Molester Misaka 19540 reveals with glee.”
Silence while the other Sisters stared at Misaka 19540. “While Misaka 11420 greatly appreciates the thought behind Sister Misaka 19540’s plan to enable Misaka 11420 a chance to seduce Molester with no inference from Big Sister Misaka 11420 wishes to point out that the moment Misaka 11420 begins to speak Molester will immediately know from the speech pattern that this is not Big Sister Misaka 11420 states sadly crestfallen at how this plan will fail on so simple a point.”
“Misaka 19540 is disappointed that Misaka 11420 has so little faith in a fellow Sister to not realize this issue Misaka 19540 says with a grin. First Misaka 19540 has already purchased Gekota underwear as well as shorts from the same store Big Sister utilizes and has washed said underwear and shorts fifteen times so that it appears to be appropriately aged Misaka 19540 reveals as part of the cunning plan. Additionally Misaka 11420 will only be able to communicate with Molester via writing as Misaka 11420 will have laryngitis and be unable to verbalize Misaka 19540 states the most relevant portion of the plan.”
“But Sisters are unable to lie protests Misaka 10032 so how will Misaka 11420 be able to proceed with this deception asks Misaka 10032.”
“Through these astringent throat tablets that Misaka 11420 will be taking that will actually be causing the laryngitis responds Misaka 19540 with another grin.”
“Misaka 19540 is truly devious admires Misaka 11420.”
“Thus Molester will insist on nursing Misaka 11420 back to health thinking Sister is Big Sister allowing Misaka 11420 to initiate romantic adventures with no interruptions Misaka 19540 states completing the explanation of Prong Two.”

“Misaka 11420 will need to spend time with Big Sister to copy mannerisms closely between now and the birthday to ensure maximum chance of success Misaka 13570 suggests strongly.”
“Agreed Misaka 10032 states calmly in that Molester is intimately aware of every detail of Big Sister’s daily life and habits.”
“Misaka 11420 will comply.”
“How will Prong One be accomplished asks Misaka 19095 with great curiosity.”
“Big Sister invariably ventures to the local market after classes on Fridays for surreptitious reading of a manga without payment prior to venturing to the park where Big Sister will assault the vending machine without mercy until it produces a random soft drink that Big Sister will consume without shame while hoping that Savior may pass by so that Big Sister’s Tsundere urges can be satisfied by hurling large quantities of electricity at Savior Misaka 19540 snarks savagely.”
Again all the Sisters nodded in agreement. “Such Misfortune cries Misaka 10039 in imitation of Savior’s voice while laughing.”
“It is unseemly for us Sisters to all be laughing so hard at poor Savior’s sufferings says Misaka 19979 while guffawing loudly with the others.”
“Now that all Sisters have finished with our side-splitting laughter Misaka 19540 will continue with the explanation of the plan. While Big Sister is busily assaulting the machine Molester is generally busy with duties at Judgement Misaka 19540 reviews indicating the two will be separated. A Sister dressed in a large Gekota costume will be handing out prize tickets for a fictitious contest whose Grand Prize is an immediate trip to an Onsen as previously discussed with several other Sisters disguised as other Gekota characters immediately springing the trap and dragging Big Sister to the train and sending Big Sister off for the trip with all the documentation Misaka 19540 explains.”
“But Big Sister will have no clothing protests Misaka 11420 on behalf of the notoriously body shy Big Sister.”
“This Onsen provides Yakuta for customers replies Misaka 19540 relieving Big Sister of the need for clothing for the weekend.”
“What if Big Sister attempts to phone Molester to notify Molester that Big Sisters is travelling asks Misaka 11420 seeing another potential disaster.”
“Misaka 17707 will hash Big Sister’s Mobile Account making it seem as if the account was unpaid and cause it to be shut off for non-payment over the weekend states Misaka 17707 smugly.”
“How will Misaka 19540 manipulate Savior and Friend Index to the Onsen asks Misaka 10032.”
“This portion of the plan is the one that has the greatest chance of failure admits Misaka 19540. Misaka 19540 proposes the attack should be made through Friend Index as Savior finds it virtually impossible to deny Friend Index’s wishes Misaka 19540 states the obvious.”
Head nods all around.
“This portion of the operation will require a large number of Sisters to coordinate with precision timing Misaka 19540 states as the plan is laid out. One team will stake out a Certain High School to track Savior’s movements as Savior leaves for the day and travels homewards Misaka 19540 directs to ensure proper arrival timing. The other team will cover the Dorm with two Sisters watching Friend Index through the window while others will deliver bogus sweepstakes envelopes underneath the various dorm room doors ensuring that the Winning Envelope is delivered underneath Savior’s door Misaka 19540 instructs.”
Again all Sisters nodded their heads.
“The winning envelope must be delivered approximately forty-five minutes prior to Savior’s arrival at the dorm so that Friend Index will have maximum time to increase Friend Index’s excitement and to pack so that Savior stands no chance of denying Friend Index’s desire to travel to the Onsen Misaka 19540 states firmly. To that end the delivery person must knock on the door to ensure Friend Index immediately finds and opens the envelope Misaka 19540 directs the observers to inform the drop off team if Friend Index does not move to the door, so further knocks are made.”
“How does Misaka 19540 know that Friend Index will open the envelope Misaka 19095 wonders.”
“Because the envelope will have written on it in large letters ‘OPEN IMMEDIATELY’ which Friend Index will be unable to resist opening and reading Misaka 19540 states positively. Misaka 19540 believes Friend Index will then immediately begin packing a suitcase with some clothes for Savior and Friend Index so that when Savior reaches the Dorm room they will leave virtually immediately for the train Misaka 19540 says with a smile.”
“What if the Misakas observing note that Friend Index reacts with suspicion and does not take immediate actions to begin packing and leave for the journey asks Misaka 10049 seeing another potential issue with the plan.”
“Then Misaka 10032 who is known to Friend Index must immediately visit the Dorm apartment, notice the envelope, and verify its verity to Friend Index and stimulate Friend Index into excitement for the journey states Misaka 19540 calmly knowing that Friend Index trusts Misaka 10032.”
“What reason would Misaka 10032 give for visiting the Dorm at that opportune moment asks Misaka 10032 of Misaka 19540 thinking the time may seem suspicious to Friend Index as Misaka 10032 is not prone to randomly dropping by Savior’s Dorm.”
“Simple Misaka 19540 responds as Misaka 10032 will have a small quantity of Mochi that Misaka 10032 had purchased and Misaka 10032 remembered that Friend Index loves Mochi but can rarely afford them so Misaka 10032 decided to visit Friend Index knowing Friend Index would be home lonely and hungry responds Misaka 19540 proud of the subtlety of the backup plan.”
“Misaka 10032 admires Misaka 19540’s superior planning skills Misaka 10032 states viewing Misaka 19540 with esteem.”
“Assuming this plan works and all three make it to the Onsen how is Misaka 19540 planning on uniting them for Savior’s birthday Misaka 19095 asks.”
“Savior Friend Index and Big Sister will be sharing a two-bedroom suite states Misaka 19540 simply. Savior being Savior will either insist the two females share one bedroom or will sleep in the bathtub while Friend Index sleeps in the bed in a co-shared bedroom states Misaka 19540.”
“So far Misaka 19540’s plan seems to be very well reasoned and plotted out Misaka 13570 admits frankly and does seem to be an adequate birthday present for Savior however Misaka 13570 selfishly wants to know how Sisters will benefit from performing these acts for Savior Misaka 13570 states while wishing to hug Savior on the birthday.”
“A wise person once said ‘the power of giving is greater than the joy of receiving’ Misaka 13570 Misaka 19540 points out calmly not wishing to make any Sister feel badly.”
The other Sisters all looked down at their feet.
“However Misaka 19540 does have a follow-up plan which involves all Sisters meeting the return train on Sunday and escorting Savior Big Sister and Friend Index to an all-you-can-eat ShabuShabu restaurant for a birthday party for Savior where all Sisters may hug and kiss Savior if this entire plan meets with the Sisters’ approval Misaka 19540 asks shyly for a vote.”
“Misaka 17707 calls for a show of hands in support of Misaka 19540’s complex plan for Savior’s birthday and Misaka 11420’s…”
“Wait Misaka 11420 interjects abruptly apologizing for interrupting the voting process but Misaka 11420 has an urgent question for Misaka 19540 to answer prior to voting Misaka 11420 states.”
“Please ask Misaka 11420 says Misaka 19540 curiously.”
“Why make such a convoluted plan to include a chance for Misaka 11420 to have a chance with Molester for a weekend asks Misaka 11420 dumbfounded as it makes the plan more likely to fail Misaka 11420 says willing to drop Prong Two to ensure more success to Prong One.”
“Misaka 11420 that is very kind of you but there is a very good reason that you have forgotten which is that not only is this weekend Savior’s birthday but also the second Anniversary of Misaka 11420’s Decanting Misaka 19540 remembers wishing to give a present to Misaka 11420 as well Misaka 19540 says with a happy smile.”
“Misaka 11420 is shedding copious tears of joy at Misaka 19540’s generosity and kindness Misaka 11420 states trying not to be an embarrassment to other Sisters.”
There was a group hug. Once it broke up and the Sisters were reseated.
“Misaka 17707 once again calls for a show of hands in support of Misaka 19540’s complex plan for Savior’s birthday and Misaka 11420’s weekend with Molester.”
Twenty hands went up.
The group lept into action. Misakas were assigned tasks and went to work with a will. Things were printed and stuffed into envelopes. Costumes were rented, suites were rented, tickets were purchased.
Awkward conversations were had.
“Big Sister may Misaka 11420 have a few moments of your time please Misaka 11420 asks awkwardly.”
“CHASER!”
*ka-WHAM*
*clunk*
“Would you like a soft drink too, Misaka 11420?” Mikoto offered after pulling her ill-gotten gains out of the dented machine.
“Misaka 11420 politely declines Big Sister.”
They both sat on a nearby bench. Mikoto wiped her brow with the back of her hand and asked, “How can I help my little Sister today?”
“Misaka 11420 was wondering if Big Sister would mind if Misaka 11420 attended school with Big Sister for a few days to experience what the school learning experience was like Misaka 11420 asks shyly.”
Mikoto paused mid-swallow and looked at her Sister. “You want to try going to school? Voluntarily?” Mikoto asked. “I thought all the Sisters were taught by a machine after you were decanted?”
“A common misconception Big Sister replies Misaka 11420 as that knowledge was mostly information for combat with barely enough to function in society replies Misaka 11420 and nothing like what Big Sister learns of the real world.”
“So you and your Sisters are curious and might consider attending school one day, Misaka 11420?”
“If it appears interesting enough and of benefit to Sisters then yes Big Sister replies Misaka 11420.”
“Would you want to stay in my Dorm Room with me, Misaka 11420?”
“If it is not too much trouble Big Sister Misaka 11420 can sleep on the floor or with Molester as Misaka 11420 realizes Big Sister prefers to sleep alone Misaka 11420 replies.”
“*NOT* with the little PERVERT Misaka 11420,” Mikoto said firmly.
“Misaka 11420 is not worried and able to fend off Molester if need be Big Sister Misaka 11420 states confidently. Besides with Big Sister in the room Molester would be on Molester’s best behavior reasons Misaka 11420.”
“Hah!” replied Mikoto. “Anyhow, I will ask Dorm Mother, but I think we can do this with no trouble, I will let you know tomorrow.”
“Misaka 11420 thanks Big Sister.”
{ “Misaka 19540 from Misaka 11420 phase one underway Misaka 11420 reports.” }

It is the week of the battle…er, birthdays, and the twenty Sisters are now back at another uber-secret meeting place. The usual greetings have been made, tea and snacks distributed, and now business was about to get underway.
“Misaka 19095 thanks all Sisters who participated in the highly successful ‘Operation Sister Swarm’ nine days ago. Misaka 19095 reports that sources have divulged that Shokuhou has not been sleeping well since and is requiring clique members to stay awake to guard Shokuhou whenever sleep is attempted as there are recurring nightmares of being surrounded by Big Sister silently staring at Shokuhou as she sleeps Misaka 19095 reports with a laugh.”
“So the disorienting gas worked as advertised Misaka 17707 asks for clarification.”
“Correct Misaka 19095 answers further recommending it be incorporated into the arsenal for potential use against Magic users Misaka 19095 states.”
“So noted Misaka 13570 states thinking that including it into the N Grenades would be useful and will experiment with it immediately post meeting.”
“Project Double Birthday update Misaka 19540 begins with all printed materials are ready.”
“Misaka 11420 states that Misaka 11420 spent several days with Big Sister at Tokiwadai Academy observing mannerisms and feels confident at copying Big Sister in mime. Misaka 11420 also experimented with the laryngitis tablets and states they are effective for six to eight hours before symptoms begin to lapse Misaka 11420 reports calmly.”
All Sisters looked interested at this.
“Also Misaka 11420 reports that Molester did appear to be interested in Misaka 11420’s attempts at flirtations when Big Sister’s attentions were directed elsewhere Misaka 11420 reports blushing.”
“Misaka 19095 is happy for Misaka 11420 to hear this positive news.”
“Misaka 11420 also managed to procure a key to Big Sister’s Dorm room per the plan Misaka 11420 states happily.”
Head nods all around.
A chart was taped to the wall followed by a map. Misaka 19540 stood next to both with a wooden pointer and tapped on the chart. “Attention Sisters for here are the assignments and schedule for Operation Savior 11420 Joy Misaka 19540 announces. Promptly Fourteen Fifteen hours Misakas 19090 and 13570 must be here and here Misaka 19540 indicates on the map to shadow Big Sister as Big Sister begins her Friday routine of Manga reading and soft drink theft Misaka 19540 instructs to the group.”
Misaka 19540 looked at the group and heads were nodded in agreement.
“Misaka 19919 you will be on the most likely intercept vector here in the Gekota suit with the appropriate envelopes while Misaka 18812 you will be in the alternate intercept area here Misaka 19540 directs while indicating the correct locations with the pointer to ensure accuracy. Misakas 19090 and 13570 coordinate so that Misaka 19919 or 18812 intercepts Big Sister and makes the winning hand-off Misaka 19540 instructs firmly as failure is not an option.”
All four Misakas nod their understanding.
“Misakas 14777 and 12121 will serve as the backup Pyonko and Keroyon and will be equipped with comical looking but fully functional handcuffs to use to manipulate and motivate Big Sister to move to the Rail Station and travel to the Onsen for the weekend states Misaka 19540 reminding Misaka 17707 that Big Sister’s phone must be disabled by 1530 hours.”
“It will be done Misaka 17707 assures all Sisters.”
“Misakas 13577 and 10039 are in charge of flyer delivery to the dorm rooms and the prompt delivery at forty-five minutes prior to Savior’s arrival for maximum effectiveness Misaka 19540 reminds both Sisters. Misakas 19095 and 11111 are to be on the rooftop opposite Savior’s Dorm to keep Friend Index under constant surveillance until the envelope is opened and Friend Index begins packing and sways Savior to take the trip Misaka 19540 directs the Sisters.”
“Misakas 15000 and 15001 are to surveille the main gate of a Certain High School, alert Sisters to when Savior leaves the School and track Savior during the return to the Dorm, not allowing Savior to deviate from the correct path Misaka 19540 instructs.”
More nods.
“Misaka 10032 you are to be on standby in close proximity to Savior’s apartment with the bag of Mochi as per our prior discussion to implement the last-minute reinforcement of the necessity of travel Misaka 19540 reminds Misaka 10032. Also, if there is any discussion of Friend Index’s cat Sphynx Misaka 10032 can volunteer to take care of the cat along with Misaka 10032’s cat Later Misaka 19540 directs Misaka 10032.”
More head nods.
“Do any Sisters have any questions Misaka 19540 asks politely.”
“Misaka 11420 asks two questions which are what is Misaka 11420’s position and what will Misaka 19540 be doing during the operation Misaka 11420 asks with trepidation.”
“Misaka 11420 will infiltrate the Dorm, take a bath utilizing Big Sister’s bath products to ensure the correct scent of Big Sister is on Misaka 11420’s body, then dress in the appropriate underwear as already provided by Misaka 19540, take the laryngitis medication, place a note on the door informing Molester that Big Sister has laryngitis and is not feeling well Misaka 19540 directs. For added verisimilitude Misaka 11420 should place a warm cloth upon the forehead to help simulate a slight fever prior to the return of Molester to the Dorm room Misaka 19540 suggests.”
Many Sisters nodded at this suggestion.
“Based upon anecdotal evidence Molester will descend into a frenzy of activity attempting to help cure Misaka 11420 whom Molester will believe to be Big Sister and Misaka 11420 will have to remember to occasionally shock or chop Molester in order to maintain the disguise Misaka 19540 cautions Misaka 11420.”
“Misaka 11420 is highly distressed at even the thought of having to injure Molester Misaka 11420 states with tears in Misaka 11420’s eyes.”
“Misaka 19540 suggests Misaka 11420 consider it a conditioning educational exercise for Molester where good behavior is rewarded by Misaka 11420 with cuddles or kisses and bad behavior such as inappropriate touching is punished by gentle shocks and chops until Molester understands what Misaka 11420 enjoys Misaka 19540 says encouragingly.”
“Misaka 11420 had not considered that Misaka 11420 states in amazement at Misaka 19540’s brilliant suggestion and will use it as stated Misaka 11420 says. However Misaka 11420’s other question stands.”
“Misaka 19540’s job will be a Free Safety to use American Football jargon in that Misaka 19540 will have a high-powered Motorcycle and be able to respond to any location where an issue may occur to help the plan to conclusion Misaka 19540 states that Misaka 19540 has full confidence that the other Sisters will not fail. Additionally Misaka 19540 will be travelling to the Onsen where Misaka 19540 has obtained a temporary assignment for the weekend at the Onsen to be able to handle any difficulties that might arise there Misaka 19540 concludes the report.”
Instantly there was an uproar of all the Sisters who were complaining that Misaka 19540 was going to spend the whole weekend with Savior while they had to wait until Sunday night to see him!
“Sisters are misunderstanding Misaka 19540’s report Misaka 19540 clarifies in that at no time will Misaka 19540 make contact with Savior and company over the weekend as Misaka 19540 will be working behind the scenes in an office area secluded from the guests of the Onsen Misaka 19540 explains. Misaka 19540 is only there to make sure Savior ad companies bills are paid and any awkward Misfortunes are smoothed over with no direct contact by Misaka 19540 until Sunday evening with all other Sisters promises Misaka 19540.”
That calmed the Sisters down and they agreed that with Savior’s track record it made sense to have someone there behind the scenes. They decided to end the meeting with several rousing rounds of their favorite game: Rock, Paper, Scissors before heading off to their respective homes.

Friday arrived and the Sisters assembled in the War Room as it were. “Misaka 11420 wishes to announce that Misaka 11420 made a minor change to Misaka 19540’s plans in that Misaka 11420 consulted with Dr. Heaven Canceller regarding the face that Misaka 11420 was attempting a prank with Molester so if Dr. Canceller received a frantic call regarding Big Sister having an illness that Dr. Canceller would know it was not serious Misaka 11420 relays to all Sisters hoping not to have caused an issue as Dr. Canceller found it humorous and promised to keep it secret Misaka 11420 says blushing.”
“Misaka 19540 thinks this was actually a prudent action on Misaka 11420’s part and praises Misaka 11420 for planning for Molester’s possible panic call to the Doctor Misaka 19540 states proudly.”
“Misaka 14777 notes that it is currently three point five hours until Go Time and suggests that lunch is a good idea with Misaka 14777 craving Curry at this time and hoping other Sisters might agree Misaka 14777 states with longing.”
“Misaka 19095 notes there is a very nice small restaurant nearby that serves an excellent Curry as well as Udon which would provide at least two options for Sisters Misaka 19095 states as an option.”
“Misaka 11420 calls for a vote on Misaka 19095’s restaurant asking for all in favor to raise hands. Misaka 11420 notes a unanimous vote of Yes.”

After the Sisters had a very nice meal they returned to the war room, went over the plans for something like the twenty or thirtieth time, then they deployed to their starting positions to prepare for the Operation.
{ “Misaka 19090 has eyes on Big Sister Misaka 19090 reports Big Sister is following standard route to Manga reading.” }
{ “Misaka 19540 directs Misaka 19919 to intercept at point Delta as planned while Misaka 13570 begin leapfrogging with Misaka 19090 to keep eyes on Big Sister. Misaka 19540 directs Misakas 14777 and 12121 to stand by in case of need.” }
{ “Alert! Molester has intercepted Big Sister short of point Delta Misaka 19090 warns the group while noting Molester is wear the Judgement Armband. It appears they are having a discussion and now Molester has teleported away Misaka 19090 clarifies asking if Misaka 13570 can see Molester.” }
{ “Misaka 13570 saw Molester teleporting into the distance into the apparent direction of 177th Headquarters Misaka 13570 reports speculating that perhaps Molester was updating Big Sister of Molester’s schedule for the evening.” }
{ “Misaka 19090 reports Big Sister has continued to proceed to point Delta.” }
{ “Misaka 17707 has disabled Big Sister’s account.” }
{ “Misaka 19540 asks if Misaka 19919’s vision through the costume is clear enough to discern Big Sister to ensure proper prize delivery.” }
{ “Misaka 19919 is quite sure although an official confirmation from another Sister would be optimal Misaka 19919 states to ensure uniform confidence for all Sisters.” }
{ “Proximity warning from Misaka 13570 as Big Sister is coming within visual…” }
*SHRIEK!*
*”GEKOTA!”*
{ “All Misakas Misaka 19919 has been accosted by Big Sister but has managed to remain upright despite being tackled by Big Sister Misaka 13570 reports feeling sorrow for Misaka 19919.” }
{ “Misaka 19919 believes that Big Sister may have fractured one of Misaka 19919’s ribs Misaka 19919 reports with not a little pain. Misaka 19919 requests backup from Misakas 14777 and 12121 as Big Sister has still not released Misaka 19919 and Misaka 19919 has not yet been able to deliver the winning envelope to Big Sister with the prize Misaka 19919 reports as the pain from the injured rib increases due to Big Sister’s continuous hugging actions.” }
{ “Misaka 14777 and 12121 are on the scene reports Misaka… OOF!” }
*SHRIEK!*
“PYONKO!”
“KEROYON!”
*SHRIEK!*
“THIS IS MY LUCKY DAY!!”
{ “Misaka 14777 reports that Misaka 14777 may no longer be able to ovulate or bear children Misaka 14777 states with some great pain.” }
{ “Misaka 19919 has now placed the correct envelope in Big Sister’s hands and Misaka 12121 is miming for Big Sister to open the envelope Misaka 19919 reports.” }
*SHRIEK!*
“A free trip to an Onsen and the Gekota family escorts me to the train!” Mikoto cried out. “This is the best day ever!”
{ “Misakas 19919 14777 and 12121 please escort Big Sister to the train and give all the relevant paperwork to Big Sister Misaka 19540 directs then Misakas 19919 and 14777 please report to Dr. Heaven Canceller for a medical examination of your injuries.” }
{ “Misaka 19919 copies.” }
{ “Misaka 14777 copies.” }
{ “Misaka 12121 will escort the Sisters as both are unsteady on their feet.” }

{ “Misakas 19095 and 11111 are in position with a clear view into the dorm room reports Misaka 19095 stating that Friend Index appears to be viewing a television program at this time.” }
{ “Misakas 13577 and 10039 report flyer delivery to all dorm rooms except Savior’s has been completed Misaka 13577 confirms noting that mission was accomplished seven point two minutes ahead of schedule.” }
{ “Alert Misaka 15000 sees Savior exiting the school at this time and is proceeding towards the dorm with Misaka 15001 in hot pursuit Misaka 15000 reports.” }
{ “Misaka 10039 is sliding the flyer underneath Savior’s door now and knocking Misaka 10039 reports.” }
{ “Misaka 12121 reports that Big Sister is at the Station and Sisters are standing by to ensure Big Sister boards the train.” }
{ “Misaka 11111 reports Friend Index is standing up and appears to be heading to the door.” }
{ “Misaka 10039 has vacated the area of the door.” }
{ “Misaka 12121 reports Big Sister has read all the paperwork and happily has boarded the train to the Onsen and Misaka 12121 is now transporting Misakas 19919 and 14777 to the Hospital.” }
{ “Misaka 15001 estimates Savior is now approximately thirty percent of the way to the dorm.” }
{ “Misaka 11111 reports Friend Index has apparently opened and read the prize letter as Friend Index is waving the letter over Friend Index’s head and dancing madly around the Dorm room reports Misaka 11111.” }
{ “Misaka 11420 has now entered Big Sister’s dorm room and begun the second phase of the operation by preparing to bath using Big Sister’s products changing to the appropriate clothing and taking the laryngitis medications.” }
{ “On behalf of all Sisters Misaka 19540 wishes Misaka 11420 luck this weekend.” }
{ “Misaka 15000 reports Savior now approximately seventy-five percent of the way home.” }
{ “Misaka 19095 reports that Friend Index has begun frantic packing efforts which are actually quite comical.” }
{ “Misaka 19919 agrees that is comical.” }
{ “Savior arriving in less than three minutes Misaka 15001 announces.” }
{ “Misaka 10032 standing by where Misaka 10032 can overhear conversations.” }
{ “Proximity warning Savior arriving announces Misaka 15000.” }
{ “Please broadcast requests Misaka 19540 of Misaka 10032.” }
Kamijou opens his dorm room door.
“TOUMA!! WE WON A FREE ONSEN WEEKEND! LOOK AT THIS FLYER BUT WE HAVE TO LEAVE RIGHT AWAY!”
“What are you shouting about, Index? Let me see.”
“I already packed Touma!” Index grabs Kamijou’s hand. “Come on, we have to go!”
“Hmm, free train tickets for two, free room, all you can eat, must leave by seven PM today?”
Little Index was doing an incredible job of yanking the much larger Kamijou out of the room and down to the elevator.
“Index, I think this is a joke and we should just stay…”
*CHOMP!*
“OW! This Kamijou is sorry! Please stop biting and we can go to the train and at least see if there are tickets for us!”
{ “Misaka 19919 has one fractured rib reports Misaka 12121 while Misaka 14777 is currently undergoing a CT Scan Misaka 12121 reports with concern as Dr. Canceller has asked a surgical team to stand by Misaka 12121 says tearfully.” }
{ “Truly Big Sister is overly enamored with the Gekotas states Misaka 10032 with worry for Misakas 19919 and 14777 health.” }

{ “Misaka 11420 reports that the medication has been taken shower has been taken clothing has been exchanged warmed cloth applied note taped to door and Misaka 11420 is now in Big Sister’s bed nervously awaiting arrival of Molester Misaka 11420 reports. Misaka 11420 will disconnect from Network to concentrate on activities to ensure a positive result and will report back to the Network later.” }
“Ssssss…Sissy? You’re sick?!”
Misaka 11420 never heard the door open.
“Oh! Your forehead is warm, do you need water? Stupid Kuroko! Sissy can’t speak! Hold up one finger for cold water, two fingers for hot tea, three fingers for nothing, Sissy.”
Misaka 11420 held up one finger.

The room was empty.

Shirai was back with several bottles of cold water, opening one and giving it to Misaka 11420, and putting the others in the fridge. Misaka 11420 took some sips, then set it on the nightstand. Shirai was flitting around the room, “I should have not gone on duty, I should have stayed with you!”
Misaka 11420 just wagged her finger at Shirai, then pulled out a pad and wrote, “It’s ok. Get ready for bed.”
“No, first let me get you a cool cloth. Should I open the window for fresh air? Do you need another blanket? Should I take you to the nurse? The Hospital?” Shirai was frantic and almost crying.
Misaka 11420 felt bad for the trouble she was putting Shirai through, so she motioned Shirai to sit next to her on the bed, and when Shirai shyly sat next to her, Misaka 11420 looked at Shirai and gently patted her head.
“Oh, Sissy! You are so noble! Even on your deathbed you still want to make Kuroko feel better!”
Misaka 11420 stared again and pointed at the bathroom. Shirai got up and grabbed her things. “I’ll be right back, I promise!” Shirai disappeared into the bathroom and the shower started running.
{ “Sisters Molester has thus far accepted Misaka 11420 as Big Sister Misaka 11420 reports with delight. Misaka 11420 requests an update on Misakas 19919 and 14777’s status.” }
{ “Misaka 19919 has a fractured rib and has been sent home for bedrest Misaka 19919 reports groggily due to pain medications.” }
{ “Misaka 14777 has a bruised kidney but Misaka 14777’s reproductive capacity remains intact despite Big Sister’s overenthusiastic greeting reports Misaka 12121 as Misaka 14777 is being kept overnight for observation due to severe pain Misaka 12121 reports with sorrow.” }

{ “Misaka 19540 reports that all parties reached the Onsen with no difficulties however suspicions flared temporarily when Friend Index realized that the suite would be shared with Big Sister whom Friend Index calls ‘Short Hair’ Misaka 19540 relates. Big Sister retaliated by naming Friend Index ‘Silver Sister’ and when Savior attempted to end the argument Savior was bitten and lightning bolts were thrown Misaka 19540 relates stifling a laugh.” }
{ “SUCH MISFORTUNE!” } came twenty unified voices.
{ “Détente was apparently reached as all parties consumed dinner together then went to the baths Misaka 19540 concludes the report.” }
{ “Molester is returning so Misaka 11420 must disengage.” }
Shirai came out of the bathroom in her pajamas, her hair wrapped in a towel, skin glowing from the heat of the shower. “Don’t worry, Misaka. I will stay awake all night and monitor your breathing in case your condition worsens.” Shirai then winced, looking fearfully at Misaka 11420 like she might be electrocuted.Misaka 11420 sat up in the bed, mimed brushing Shirai’s hair, then patted a spot next to her for Shirai to sit.
Shirai’s heart fluttered: she thought she had died and gone to heaven since Misaka rarely brushed her hair except as a special treat. Shirai carefully sat down next to her Sissy and took the towel off of her hair. Misaka 11420 took the brush and gently started pulling it through Shirai’s hair: her dream of spending time with Molester was coming true. Molester’s sighs made Misaka 11420 happy as well. Misaka 11420 loved brushing Molester’s hair, it was so soft and fragrant; she hated when she finished and put it into pigtails.
“Thank you, Sissy,” Shirai said softly. “Now lie down and I will tuck you in while I keep watch from the chair here.”
Misaka 11420 laid down and Shirai gently tucked her in and gave a little kiss to her forehead before sitting back down on the chair. Misaka 11420 shook her head and patted the bed beside her making Shirai’s eyes light up in delight. Shirai quickly grabbed her pillow and blanket and put them on top of the bed next to Misaka 11420.
“I promise to be on my best behavior, Sissy,” Shirai said as she tucked herself in under her own blankets. Misaka 11420 just gently patted the top of Shirai’s head again before rolling towards Shirai and holding her as Misaka 11420 fell asleep.

Come the morning Misaka 11420 woke up feeling happy as she was being comfortably spooned from behind by Shirai whose hands were not in the ‘NoGo’ areas. Misaka 11420 quickly took a laryngitis lozenge and closed her eyes while opening a connection to her twenty Sisters.
{ “Misaka 11420 reporting an uneventful but pleasurable night with Molester involving hair brushing and overnight cuddling Misaka 11420 states happily thanking other Sisters for helping make a dream come true.” }
{ “Misaka 19919’s pain level is manageable with medications Misaka 19919 reports to the group but regrets that Misaka 19919 will be unable to participate in today’s Rock Paper Scissors tournament.” }
{ “Misaka 14777 announces that Misaka 14777 is now awake but is prohibited from all athletics like Rock Paper Scissors for two weeks due to kidney bruising from Big Sister’s overexcited greetings however Misaka 14777 will be released today from hospital Misaka 14777 states with happiness.” }
{ “Misaka 19540 reports that all is quiet this morning at the Onsen after further misfortune late last night when Savior walked into the bedroom while both Friend Index and Big Sister were changing into sleep attire and saw both nude resulting in more savage biting and heavy lightning activity in their suite reports Misaka 19540 thinking this sounds like something in a comedy Manga.” }
{ “SUCH MISFORTUNE!” } came the mental chorus.
{ “One would think Savior would learn to knock at some point in Savior’s life Misaka 12121 points out the obvious.” }
{ “Sadly Savior remains largely clueless to social niceties such as knocking Misaka 10032 notes.” }
{ “Misaka 11420 must disconnect as Molester shows signs of waking.” }
Shirai woke up and immediately lifted her hands off of Misaka 11420 and cried out in fear. “Sissy, I didn’t touch you lewdly, did I?”
Misaka 11420 feigned waking up and turned towards Shirai and shook her head. Misaka 11420 pointed at the bathroom and mimed washing and dressing. Shirai nodded. “I’ll change while you shower, Sissy. Then breakfast?”
Misaka 11420 nodded. She went into the bathroom to shower, making sure to take Gekota underwear and especially a pair of shorts to wear under her skirt. She took her shower and dressed like her Big Sister before returning to the room. Shirai was dressed in her uniform as well and still looking worried.
“Sissy, if you are not feeling well enough, I can go get breakfast for you and bring it back to the room!”
Misaka 11420 shook her head and pointed to the door. Shirai quickly ran to her own closet and grabbed something, then ran back to Misaka 11420 and wrapped a soft scarf around Misaka 11420’s neck. “I don’t want your delicate throat to get another chill and become more inflamed, Sissy!” Shirai said softly before taking Misaka 11420’s hand.

“Now sit down right here and I’ll bring your breakfast, Sissy. Let me spoil you in your hour of need!”
Very quickly Misaka 11420 had a large bowl of Miso soup, a small plate of eggs with Furikake, another small plate of pickled vegetables, a plate of fresh grilled mackerel, a bowl of rice and two pots of tea. Shirai poured a hot green tea for Misaka 11420 and tucked a napkin in for her, then hovered. “Anything else, Sissy?”Misaka 11420 pointed for Shirai to sit and eat too, but Shirai said, “No I have to take care of you!” So Misaka 11420 decided to snap off some sparks and electricity which got Shirai to fly and get food for herself as well.
When breakfast was just about completed, Maika arrived with a tray and a mug which she placed in front of Misaka 11420. “Shirai-san told me of your laryngitis, Misaka-san,” Maika said, “I am very sorry to hear of your suffering so I made you a special throat soother of honey, lemon, and ginger to sip.”
Misaka 11420 bowed her head in thanks and Maika left. Misaka 11420 then bowed her head to Shirai as well. “Sissy, your face is a little flushed again! I think you need to go back to the room and regain your strength,” Shirai said worriedly.
Misaka 11420 just nodded her head again and let Shirai take her hand.

They were back in their dorm room. Misaka 11420 went over to Big Sister’s desk and took out her Japanese History book, which she found fascinating, and opened it to look as if she was going to study. She felt Shirai drape a shawl over her shoulders, then Shirai sat at her desk and opened a text book to study as well. Misaka 11420 took occasional sips of water to maintain the laryngitis fiction, as well as taking another pill at the six-hour mark.
Lunch was more of Shirai spoiling Misaka 11420. When Lunch was over Misaka 11420 wrote a short note: ‘Garden walk for fresh air & sun?’ Shirai looked at Misaka 11420 and asked, “Are you up to it Sissy in your weakened condition?”
Misaka 11420 made a fist and mock shook it at Shirai who laughed and the two girls walked out the door that connected to the Gardens. It was comfortably warm outside as they wandered around, enjoying the weather. Suddenly, in the distance, they heard a shout of “Stop! Thief! My purse!”
Immediately Shirai put on her armband and looked at Misaka 11420. “Don’t you dare, Sissy in your delicate condition!”

“JUDGEMENTO DESU NO!” came the battle cry followed by the sounds of fighting.
Misaka 11420 took off running to assist Shirai. When she arrived Misaka 11420 saw Shirai was trying to defend two cowering little girls from four thugs, not including the two Shirai had already pinned to the wall.
*SNAPCRACKLEPOP*

Four smoking bodies.
“SISSY! How many times do I have to tell you not to interfere! Especially in your delicate condition!” Shirai cried. “Do you have a fever? Are you feeling weak? Do you need to sit?”
One of the criminals was trying to get up and sneak away.

“SISSY!”
Misaka 11420 hung her head. Once Anti-Skill came and hauled the criminals away, Misaka 11420 led Shirai to the Italian Bakery where they had espressos and treats before heading back to the Dorm. They went back to the room and laid down on their beds to read: Misaka 11420 a Manga and Shirai a romance novel. Shirai fussed over Misaka 11420 some more, making sure she was comfortable in the room while they read then popping them both down to dinner.
After dinner they returned to the room, took turns showering and getting ready for bed. Misaka 11420 surprised Shirai with Shirai’s favorite chocolate on Shirai’s pillow. Misaka 11420 had brought it with her on Friday and saved it for her last night in the Dorm. When Shirai emerged from the shower and found the chocolate, her eyebrows raised. “Sissy?”
‘Thank you for taking care of me’ Misaka 11420 wrote on a note.
“And you bought me a chocolate?” Shirai lost all control and tried to throw herself at Misaka 11420 while making a kissy face.

Shirai got up from the floor, puzzled. That was the mildest shock she had ever received from her Sissy! She was barely tingling from it! Shirai rubbed her arms. “Sissy, I’m sorry, I got all excited.”
Misaka 11420 shook her index finger at Shirai, then patted Shirai’s head. Misaka 11420 then went into the bathroom to take her shower and change. She decided to soak in the bathtub and reconnect to the Network.
{ “Misaka 11420 reports that a nice day was had with Molester and Misaka 11420 thanks the Sisters again and requests a status update.” }
{ “Misaka 15001 is the Rock Paper Scissors Tournament Champion and will be the first to Savior on Sunday Misaka 15001 announces excitedly while exulting in triumph over remaining Sisters.” }
{ “Another near disaster at the Onsen today at breakfast when an overtired Savior accidentally called Big Sister Index by mistake causing another round of biting and electrical discharges followed by something termed ‘The Silent Treatment’. This only ended with surreptitious intervention by Misaka 19540 having a Bellboy deliver a large bag of Mochi and a rare Gekota Plushie to Savior who was sitting sadly alone in the Lobby Misaka 19540 reports.” }
{ “Misaka 14777 was released into Misaka 12121’s care this afternoon and has been resting comfortably at Misaka 12121’s apartment Misaka 12121 reports.” }
{ “A birthday cake will be delivered to Savior’s suite tonight which will hopefully ensure a peaceful night for Savior Misaka 19540 announces.” }
{ “Will it weigh more than twenty kilos in order to satisfy Friend Index Misaka 19090 snarks.” }
{ “Misaka 11420 thanks the Sisters and will now disconnect.” }
{ “Wait Sister Misaka 19540 calls out to remind all Sisters to meet at the train station at fifteen hundred hours Sunday to welcome Savior back then have dinner.” }
Misaka 11420 got out of the tub, dried off, and put on the Gekota pajamas. She then walked out to the room to see Shirai seated on her own bed eating a bit of the chocolate while reading her novel. “Good bath, Sissy?”
Misaka 11420 nodded, then crawled into the bed. Shirai looked over at her hopefully so Misaka 11420 patted the bed again. Shirai quickly grabbed her pillow and blanket and laid down next to Misaka 11420 after turning down the lights. They both fell asleep quickly.
Around two AM Shirai woke up and realized Misaka was playing with her hair. “Sissy?”
Misaka 11420 jus looked at Shirai thinking how pretty she was. Shirai looked back at Misaka 11420, cupped her face with her hands, and said sadly, “You’re not my Sissy, are you.”
Misaka 11420 pulled Shirai closer and hugged her.
“You really had me fooled…”
In a voice that sounded like gravel Misaka 11420 said, “Misaka 11420 has had a crush on Friend Shirai for more than two hundred and fifty-six days and eighteen hours Misaka 11420 reveals to Friend Shirai.”
“Really?!” Shirai said, shocked. “This isn’t a plot by Sissy to hurt me or get away from me?”
“No Friend Shirai Big Sister does not know Misaka 11420 has taken Big Sister’s place Misaka 11420 reveals to Friend Shirai.”
“What? How?”
“Sisters arranged for Big Sister’s absence so that Misaka 11420 could have a weekend with Friend Shirai because today is the second anniversary of Misaka 11420’s decanting Misaka 11420 states shyly.”
Shirai was stunned. Misaka 11420’s Sisters essentially kidnapped Sissy just so Misaka 11420 could spend her decanting anniversary weekend with Shirai, who Misaka 11420 has a huge crush on. “So, your Sisters did all this just so you could spend time with me on your birth…decanting day, Misaka 11420? You just wanted to be with me?”
“Misaka 11420 is sorry and will leave now Misaka 11420 states getting out of bed to get dressed.”
“No.”
“No asks Misaka 11420 puzzled.”
“Please stay and let me help make your decanting anniversary special, Misaka 11420.”
“Misaka 11420…agrees.”

{ “Sisters assume hiding locations train is arriving at the station and Savior will be descending down Escalator B-4 Misaka 19540 announces.” }
{ “Misaka 15000 has eyes on Savior and Sisters should pounce in three two one” }
“HAPPY BRITHDAY SAVIOR SHOUTS MISAKA 1950546548798754.”
“AIIIIII!”
“Happy Birthday, Ape!”
“Shirai!”
“Misaka 19540 announces the group will now proceed to the ShabuShabu restaurant for Savior’s Birthday Dinner and Misaka 11420’s Decanting Anniversary Dinner Misaka 19540 states while indicating the proper direction in which to proceed.”
*SNAPCRACKLEPOP*
“Kuroko! Are you holding hands with MY SISTER?!”
“Desist Big Sister shouts Misaka 11420 in anger at Big Sister as Misaka 11420 reveals that Friend Shirai has upgraded status to Girlfriend Shirai with Misaka 11420.”
“What? Girlfriend!”
“Come Sisters let us celebrate with good food all this joyous news says Misaka 19540 with a happy smirk.”
“I can’t believe you, vod.”
“Thire, come on, it was a perfectly fair win.”
“Betrayed! By my own brother!”
A sigh. “Thire.”
A pause. “Yes, Fox?”
The sound of skin impacting against skin, followed by a yelp.
“Get over it. It was a game of chess!”
Stories deleted for no reason, as there were no replies from the AO3 admin for why they are deleted but they are deleted immediately after they are posted. This means they were reported by outrunthehurricane aka Lady Nature, who assumed they were all Elizabeth, Shareifeggnog, & Robert who are three separate people.

1. Tricks
Admin: "Dear BesssGrams_Last_Seen_Objectified8_3_1422, Your work Tricks was deleted from the Archive by a site admin. If your work was part of an import project managed by our Open Doors team, please contact Open Doors with any further questions. If it's possible your work violated the Archive's Terms of Service, please contact our Abuse Committee. Attached is a copy of your work for your reference."

BesssGrams_Last_Seen_Objectified8_3_1422: "What was the reason this story got deleted for?

NO REPLY


2. Queen Athena Cykes
Admin: "Dear Shareifeggnog, Your work Queen Athena Cykes: The Right Side of History was deleted from the Archive by a site admin. If your work was part of an import project managed by our Open Doors team, please contact Open Doors with any further questions. If it's possible your work violated the Archive's Terms of Service, please contact our Abuse Committee. Attached is a copy of your work for your reference." Shareifeggnog: "What was the reason my story was deleted?" NO REPLY.... The ao3 admin didn't respond to harassment & threats on Shareifeggnog's review board from outrunthehurricane. "This guest's comments are spam and harassment. It's not constructive criticism. It's a threat for further spam and harassment in my comment section. 'For the world's best Tudors fanfiction reader, I have never seen you on the great ReganX or FalconHonour. Oh is only bullying Lady_Preseverence and giving glowing praise to this "author" worthy of your attention? A pity you are missing out. Yes and those sixty-nine people who all gave them kudos within the first, what hour, of them posting this story and didn't bother reviewing or giving kudos to their other stories are certainly well deserved.' This person is either Lady_Preseverance or ReganX or FalconHonour. They are trying to bully me into reviewing RegaX, FalconHonour, or PanBoleyn" NO REPLY

3. The Hidden Twilight Coronation
Admin: "Dear Beaufort_Last_Seen_Maim_By_Poet_8_3_1422, Your work The Hidden Twilight Coronation was deleted from the Archive by a site admin. If your work was part of an import project managed by our Open Doors team, please contact Open Doors with any further questions. If it's possible your work violated the Archive's Terms of Service, please contact our Abuse Committee. Attached is a copy of your work for your reference." Dear Beaufort_Last_Seen_Maim_By_Poet_8_3_1422: "Why was this fic deleted?" NO REPLY

4. Help Bring Me Home
Admin: "Dear BessTudor_Last_Seen_Chained_Up_7_4_1540, Your work Help Bring Me Home was deleted from the Archive by a site admin. If your work was part of an import project managed by our Open Doors team, please contact Open Doors with any further questions. If it's possible your work violated the Archive's Terms of Service, please contact our Abuse Committee. Attached is a copy of your work for your reference. BessTudor: "Why was my story help bring me home deleted when it didn't have any infractions?" NO REPLY

5. Pierced
Admin: "Dear Enirum, Your work Pierced was deleted from the Archive by a site admin. If your work was part of an import project managed by our Open Doors team, please contact Open Doors with any further questions. If it's possible your work violated the Archive's Terms of Service, please contact our Abuse Committee. Attached is a copy of your work for your reference." Enirum: "What rule did this story break?" NO REPLY

6. Gut Feeling
Admin:
"Dear Enirum, Your work Gut feeling was deleted from the Archive by a site admin. If your work was part of an import project managed by our Open Doors team, please contact Open Doors with any further questions. If it's possible your work violated the Archive's Terms of Service, please contact our Abuse Committee. Attached is a copy of your work for your reference." Enirum: "What rule did this story break?" NO REPLY

7. Kings
Admin: "Dear Enirum, Your work Kings was deleted from the Archive by a site admin. If your work was part of an import project managed by our Open Doors team, please contact Open Doors with any further questions. If it's possible your work violated the Archive's Terms of Service, please contact our Abuse Committee. Attached is a copy of your work for your reference." Enirum: "What rule did this story break?" NO REPLY

8. Rich
Admin: "Dear Enirum, Your work Rich was deleted from the Archive by a site admin. If your work was part of an import project managed by our Open Doors team, please contact Open Doors with any further questions. If it's possible your work violated the Archive's Terms of Service, please contact our Abuse Committee. Attached is a copy of your work for your reference." Enirum: "What rule did this story break again?" NO REPLY

9. Church of Henry
Admin: " Dear Enirum, Your work Church of Henry was deleted from the Archive by a site admin. If your work was part of an import project managed by our Open Doors team, please contact Open Doors with any further questions. If it's possible your work violated the Archive's Terms of Service, please contact our Abuse Committee. Attached is a copy of your work for your reference." Enirum: "What rule did this fic break?"
“Trick or Treat, you fucking whores!” Gawain said from the doorway, with such earnest joy in his voice that they mostly weren’t even mad about being called whores.
Owain gave an awkward wave. “Hi, Gawain. That’s-- you’re not a cat.”
“Obviously.”
“You´re always a cat, though.”
Lynette, who was lounging at the foot of the stairs, looked up with a smirk. “Dinadan called him a furry on twitter.”
After a brief but locked struggle, Gawain remembered the importance of not antagonizing his brother’s girlfriend, and let the issue go. It was Halloween and Guinevere had allowed them to use her big fancy lawyer home for a house party; it would take more than snide comments to kill his mood. Besides, his attention span was shorter than he was and there was an elephant in the room to investigate. A bat in the room.
“Seriously Owain?” Gawain was leading his cousin off in search of alcohol with linked arms, in what he likely intended as a friendly show of cousinly affection but came off mostly as bullying. “Batman? Not even like a slutty batman? How old are you.”
“Batman is 
    inherently
   slutty,” Owain argued as he was dragged from the foyer into the generously sized living room. “What are you, anyway? Like a slutty statue? Slutty Marc Anthony?”
“Those are synonyms. And I’m Bacchus.”
“What?”
“It’ll work better with a prop,” And, in a near-miraculous display of good timing, Gawain pulled them into the kitchen and in a seemingly practised motion, stole an open bottle of wine from Lionel, who, because the universe liked to arrange things to Gawain’s specifications, had been standing there holding one.
After a shocked moment of watching Gawain smugly take a swig, Lionel bristled. “What the fuck? Give that back, you ass.”
“Kiss me for it,” Gawain said. One might wonder if he thought about such comments before he said them. The answer was usually, and in this case, a resounding no.
Lionel blinked. “You mean fight you for it?”
“Do I?”
“He doesn’t,” Owain said sadly. Then, “Oh no. Oh no, not karaoke.”
Gawain took another drink, then, handed the bottle back to Lionel, not breaking eye contact. “Thanks, Lionel.”
“Uh- uh-huh. Huh.” Said Lionel.
Then, he turned to Owain. “Why oh no?”
Owain pointed into the living room. “Tristan.”
“Tristan,” Gawain agreed with keen interest, and stalked into the living room from which music boomed, Owain haplessly trailing behind.
Tristan indeed. He was in front of a small crowd of a dozen ill-wishers watching with horrified enthusiasm as he completely ignored the lyrics on-screen and improvised his own. They were primarily pedal, not that anyone could tell.
“Is that… Cornish?” Owain asked aloud to no one in particular. “I thought that language was like. Extinct.”
“I just googled it. Apparently it’s still spoken by a few hundred people in remote parts of Cornwall. And by Tristan.” Said Luned, who had not been present two seconds ago but had appeared as if from nowhere on Owain’s other side.
“Huh,” Owain said, before turning his gaze back to the shitshow unfolding.
Gawain leaned forward to look at Luned, then grinned. “I like the all camo get-up. Very… inconspicuous.”
She knew well enough by now that often his covert insults sounded genuine and his real compliments sounded rude, and thus accepted the statement with a grin in return. “Thanks!”
“How is he that wasted. It’s barely ten. Is Tristan okay?”
Gawain and Luned shrugged, perhaps feeling guilty that they hadn´t cared to wonder that. But probably not.
The performance dragged on and most of the ad hoc concert attendants drifted off to the upstairs or the foyer, where real music was playing. At some point, Palamedes wandered in.
They greeted him absently and he responded. Watching Tristan, he got an odd look on his face.
“Does this feel…. Familiar to you?” He asked the room in general, faintly.
“Nope,” Gawain said. “Oh, shit.”
The second because Palamedes had collapsed unceremoniously. They stared uselessly for a second then, demonstrating impressive coordination, picked him up and deposited him prone on one of the two large couches. Tristan poured a drink on him and he came to, sputtering.
He looked directly at Tristan and frowned, muttering something like, “Mewrsowgh?”
Tristan gasped in overdramatic fake offence. “No, the fuck I didn’t!”
“I didn’t know he spoke Cornish,” Isolde said curiously. “What’s he saying”
“Something about a giraffe, maybe,” Tristan shrugged.
Gawain peered over Isolde’s shoulder, standing on the tips of his toes. “What about a giraffe?”
“Hey, Gawain,” she greeted him as if noticing him for the first time. “I thought by now you’d be off holding court in a guest room,” Isolde said, without any particular hint of judgement.
He shrugged. “I was busy watching your boyfriend lose his mind.”
“Palamedes? He’s not my boyfriend.”
“Interesting,” said Gawain, suddenly interested, noting this information for a later date. Then he recalled that the correct thing to do in this situation was to ask if he could help. These directions often seemed to be external, but he really tried to heed them mostly, to his defence.
“Is there anything I can do to help?”
Isolde gave him a weird look. “Huh? No, he’s fine. You could get me a drink.”
After a few moments of consideration, Gawain decided that yeah he probably was fine, and moreover he wasn’t going to get Isolde a drink, so he left for the kitchen, to get himself one.
He passed a guy he thought might be Caradoc passed out-- 
    really? It’s not even eleven-- 
  on the kitchen counter and set to investigate the pantry. Guinevere’s pantry was well stocked, a closet-sized alcove sectioned off with a horrible bead curtain Morgan had dared her to put in. Lionel was leaning against a shelf of dried pasta in neatly labelled glass jars, on his phone. He looked up with a start, and a container of rotini teetered on the brink of falling. Gawain reached across him to steady it.
“I’m straight!” Lionel yelped, trying not to look at Gawain, which was hard because it was a rather small dark room with not much else to look at.
Gawain gave him an odd look. “Huh?”
“Just making conversation,” he said tightly. “haha.”
“Oh, well if we’re making conversation. How’s this? I’ll tell you a secret if you tell me one,” Gawain offered. He was fond of inane and pointless games where he made all the rules.
Lionel panicked. “Lancelot owns crocs. They’re red.”
This was clearly the wrong sort of secret. Gawain frowned. “No good. Try again.”
“You didn’t-- you didn’t specify,” Lionel argued weakly. Then immediately, “Uh. When I was eleven my uncle made me go hunting and we killed a boar and he cut its head off, and I put it in a trash bag and then rigged it to fall from the ceiling in the middle of Bors’ confirmation ceremony. I blamed it on Hector and they still aren’t allowed back at that church.”
Gawain gave him a long look. “Yeah, that’s pretty good. Okay, my secret is I’m not wearing underwear.”
“That’s a good secret,” Lionel said after a solid thirty seconds of his face growing increasingly red. “Please tell me more in the nearest guest room.”
But that would be proving Isolde right, and Gawain was loathe for anyone to be right who wasn’t named Gawain.
“I’ll tell you right here.”
“In the pantry?” Lionel half-whispered with something like horrified fascination.
Gawain looked around idly as if having just noticed. “That’s where we are currently, yeah.”
“Cool,” Lionel nodded. “Yeah, yeah that’s cool.”

Lancelot was sitting on the stairs sipping absently from a cup of something, wondering where his cousin was. He was in favour of the idea of parties in general-- companionship and fun and music and all-- but in actuality was finding the experience loud and confusing, with the free alcohol not amusement enough to justify the rest of it.
There had been a brief and baffling exciting event which had handled itself fairly speedily without his involvement, and now he was tired and wanted to go to bed.
“Hey, Cerise,” he rose quickly, seeing her walk by with Luned. She stopped. “Ah-- you wouldn’t know where Lionel is?”
“Pantry, maybe. You thinking of heading home, Lance?”
He nodded and thanked her.
“Bye, Lancelot!” Luned said as he hurried off.
The kitchen was mostly deserted, of conscious people at any rate, and he had little hope of finding Lionel, brushing back the bead curtain almost as an afterthought. For a beat, he was unable to process what he saw, the room dark, and he stood there numbly.
“Oh, fuck--!” He may have said, or “Oh my GOD!” or some exclamation to that effect. He may have just screamed wordlessly. The moment was so warped by sheer horror it was hard to remember the events clearly, not that he would wish to.
Faster then he’d thought himself capable of, Lancelot fled the house, only coming to a halt on the front step when he remembered that, curse it all, Lionel was his ride. Lightheadedly, he collapsed onto a seated position on the step, music drifting muffled behind him, the dark street in front.
“This is why I don’t go to parties,” he reflected miserably.

“I wonder who that was,” Gawain said evenly, uncaring.
Lionel ran a hand through his hair, significantly more caring but no more cognizant of the answer. “Maybe the pantry that doesn’t even have a 
    door, 
  was a bad idea.”
“The study locks from the inside. If you’re interested.”
“I’m interested!” He rushed to say.
“Then pull up your pants and let’s go.”
“Hey,” Lionel said, suddenly realizing a fact he’d had the evidence to recognize for a while now. “You were lying.”
“Made you look!” Gawain snickered. “You could make it not a lie then, when we’re in the office.”
He set to doing so post-haste, interruption already forgotten.

Realization struck Lancelot like a sword blow to the face, and he dropped his phone on the concrete step.
“Oh my god,” he said aloud to himself. For thoroughness, he went ahead and said it again. “Oh my God, that was Gawain.”
The door opened behind him. “You’re Lancelot, right? Cerise told me to ask if you’d seen Lionel.”
He jumped at the sudden attention, and it’s source. “Isolde-- ah-- Miss Isolde. Sir. I--” He grimaced. “I saw Lionel.” Way too much of him, actually. “He was uh. Busy.”
His distress must have been obvious.
“Ah man, lost your ride?” She asked, sympathetic and only mostly wasted. “Come hang out with me babe, we’re lighting things on fire in the backyard, you can sit and watch.”
He should have been more worried about safety, maybe, but he was too honoured and relieved to object. “Ah-- if you wouldn’t mind. I’m not very fun.”
She tugged him to his feet, swaying slightly “Aw, I’m sure that isn’t true. You wanna see the pictures of the scorpion I found yesterday?”
“Sure?”
“Hell yeah!” She cheered, throwing open the doors. “A man with taste.”
The door swung closed, cutting off his response, and the night wore on.
Yamapi had been going around with a goofy grin on his face for a while now, and spent more time than usual with Tackey & Tsubasa. Finally his friends got curious enough to invite him to dinner in order to find out what was going on.
After Pi arrived at the restaurant, it only seemed natural that it was Ryo who started the questioning. "So, you've been spending quite a lot of time with Tackey and Tsubasa lately?"
He blinked in surprise when this seemingly innocent question seemed to completely unruffle Yamapi. What was really going on?!
"Well," Yamapi answered, "I was asking for some pointers on this dance routine I'm working on. And Tsubasa-kun was kind enough to offer me some help."
Still, he seemed to be turning to a brighter shade of red than ever while saying this. Jin was still having a hard time following the wordplay between the other two. Why was Ryo suddenly so interested on Tackey and Tsubasa?
Ryo continued pressing on: "Are you sure there isn't anything more, because it certainly looks like that!"
In the end, Yamapi couldn't hold back confessing to one of his best friends: "Well... A few days ago, after some rehearsals, I went to this dance studio at the Jimusho..."
"And Tsubasa was there, dancing and looking really desperate. And then he said he liked me! I couldn't take it any more. I just had to go there and comfort him."
"You know the way I have a hard time connecting with new people. Well, Tsubasa has always been there, and even though I may not have acknowledged it before, I do have feelings for him."
"I only realized that last night, while seeing him so desperate. I guess I always thought he and Tackey were a pair and there was no hope for me. But that night - everything just seemed to click into place."
Jin looked on in bafflement when Ryo suddenly started yelling at Yamapi:
"What? Are you sleeping with Tsubasa?!!!"
Blushing, Yamapi could only reply that "Well, it just happened..."
"TSUBASA???!!!!"
"Wait!" Jin says, "What about Tsubasa?"
Ryo sputtered a bit, and then told the other boy that "our Pi has apparently just started a relationship with Tsubasa...."
"What?!" yelled Jin, "when did this happen and why was I not told?"
"You dolt! He's just telling us about it!" Ryo answered.
"Tsubasa?!" "TSUBASA!!!" continued Ryo.
"ISN'T HE PRACTICALLY MARRIED TO TACKEY?," Ryo continued yelling. It seemed that Jin also was finally really getting the idea that there might be something going on between Yamapi and Tsubasa.
"What?" "When?" "Hey, Tomo-kun, is there something going on between you and Tsubasa?"
"Good for you!"
"Don't let the old sourpuss Ryo stop you. Have as much fun as you can!"
"He's just jealous," Jin grinned evilly while Ryo continued sputtering.
Sybil's heart was pounding as she passed through the great door to her lord's private room, carrying a single dish with a red-white-checkerboard cloth draped over it. The guards would never have stopped her, and neither would Vrogros himself, but she couldn't help feeling like this was going to be a mistake. The apple pie in her arms was a gift, true, but she was also a servant - her lord hadn't asked for it, and she had broken her normal schedule to whip up the sweet dessert without his knowledge. It was going to be the centrepiece of his meal, a labour of love that she had been planning for quite a long time.
She just couldn't help herself. Their relationship as a master and a servant had instantly become comforting to her, and there was something nice about being able to care for him in such a direct way. Still, Sybil couldn't deny that this might be pushing it: her own impulses were the only thing stopping her from tossing the pie in a bush, getting back to work and pretending that the idea had never even entered her mind.
If her lord received it well, then she could entertain the idea of showing more affectation in the future. If he didn't, then he would make that every, very clear.
Reaching the big doors and struggling to open them with her hands full of pie, she was forced to awkwardly skirt around it, using her leg to get it open and her rear to bump it aside. Barely a single step into the chamber, she could feel her lord's eyes on her, intrigued by such a strange way of entering the room. He was already halfway through indulging in his meal, one that he had specifically ordered to celebrate his newest conquest of a place she'd never seen in a land she'd never visited. Everything on the table had been cooked, peeled, boiled, roasted, seasoned and lovingly prepared by her own two hands, in the exact quantities he had asked for - except the pie in her hands.
"You have something for me, don't you?" Even thought she was used to it, Sybil felt her legs weaken slightly at his voice. He was commanding, of course, but he always seemed to treat her with at least a little respect. It might have been the fact that he was clearly gorging himself on her own cooking, a thought that had kept her awake at night more times than she was comfortable admitting.
He wasn't throwing her to the same fate as his usual servants, but that didn't make her special: if her lord wanted to get rid of her, it could be done in moments, even if she tried to fight it. Doing her best to avoid eye contact, she held out the dish, gently pulling off the covering and flashing a little smile at nothing in particular. "Uh... yes, my lord. I know it wasn't on the list of things you wanted today, but I thought-"
"Humans like you never fail to surprise me, little worm." Raising one scale-trimmed eyebrow, the large centaur-like Underlord look at her with a mixture of curiosity and amusement, cutting her off with a single intrigued grunt. "Unless this is your way of getting me to indulge your own interests, hm?"
Sybil opened her mouth to promise him that it was nothing of the sort, but a grumble from his well-fed gut instantly shut her up. She couldn't see her own face, but she could tell that her cheeks were starting to flush pink at the mere sound of his insides working hard on his meal. Her lord said nothing, grabbing another mouthful of meat - still on the bone - from the many plates placed around him, quickly tearing another mouthful off with his teeth. His other hand quickly came to rest on his stomach, padding it in a slow, deliberately sensual way that almost made the servant's head explode.
Taking a few more steps forward, Sybil politely placed her pie among the other courses of his meal. Her lord knew all about her weird kinks, and when he wanted to tease her over them for his own amusement, she couldn't do much to stop him. A large part of her didn't want to stop him, either, especially not considering what he had told her a few nights ago. It should have been obvious at the time, but it only clicked when he had actually explained it to her: Vrogros, being a biped with a humanoid upper half, had two whole, functional stomachs.
The Underlord didn't send her away, instead glancing at her with a somewhat mischievous look as he continued his victory feast. He had positioned himself in the perfect spot to absolutely ruin Sybil's concentration - each time he swallowed, she swore that she could see the humanoid gut under his armour flex or bulge slightly, taking in another mouthful of dense meat or thick desserts. The gentle groaning and grumbling of the digestive process captured her interest, but in her mind, she could picture it all so well: the food in his first stomach getting mashed up, then forced down to his second creaking, yawning stomach. She had only known that he possessed two for a few days, but it had been plaguing her dreams each night as he imagined him stuffed to the gills twice over, moaning and demanding her hands on his swollen underside and middle. She was so lost in her own thoughts, biting her lip at the mental images swimming in her head, that she only snapped out of the trance when a hefty belch escaped her lord's throat.
"Hm... so, tell me..." Vrogros' mouth was full, but he continued to talk anyway, more than willing to indulge himself. Even as he finished off another mouthful of seasoned meats, he was already reaching for her hand-made pastry, looking at with a hunger that made Sybil's knees weak for a moment. "...this pie. What is it?"
Fighting her own body to speak again without stumbling through her words, she took a couple more steps forward out of pure instinct - and a strong desire to throw herself at that stomach of his. "Apple, my lord."
With a short hum of interest, the Underlord pulled off a chunk of the pie and lazily threw it into his maw, laying back like he was trying to appreciate her cooking. "Apple? I'm impressed. You managed to bribe one of my guards into bringing you the ingredients, no doubt."
He was clearly enjoying the food and seemed genuinely proud of her efforts, an idea that made Sybil's heart flutter as her mind started to wander. Dragging it back out of the gutter before she let her thoughts drift to her lord's two perfect stomachs, the servant thought back to the baking process, remembering the sweet and plump-looking apples she had used for the filling. "No, my lord, they were in one of the store rooms with some of your battlefield equipment."
Vrogros nodded, downing another mouthful of the thick pie, and then paused as soon as he had swallowed. "...my personal spoils? There was apples in there?"
"Uh... yes, my lord. There was a barrel full of them. I promise I didn't touch anything else, but I asked one of the guards and they said..." Her words trailed off as she saw a flash of genuine concern across the Underlord's face, one of his hands gently slipping down to his own stomach. Right on cue, a deep, distressed groan escaped his insides, muffled by his armour - Sybil realised that she had made a horrible mistake. The noise that left her throat was somewhere between a whimper of fear and a peep of arousal, her entire body freezing solid as she watched her lord awkwardly pat his lower torso.
The pair of them were stuck in what felt like stopped time, both awkwardly staring at Vrogros' stomach until another, deeper strained moan made its way out of his insides. With a slightly delayed grunt, he rose slightly from his supine resting state, towering over his human servant. "Which barrel??"
"...they... they were just apples, my lord, the ones in-"
"Which. Barrel?" The quiet groans and grumbles of his stomach rooted Sybil in place, even though her instincts said otherwise. As much as she was terrified of upsetting her lord, she could hear his innards working on the hefty pie that she had baked with her own two hands, and the slight curve that it had placed on the Underlord's upper gut made it impossible to look away. "When I ask you a question, I expect an answer. Now.”
His upper gut looked so soft, and Sybil's brain flashed up an image of her squishing against it, hands exploring its distended surface - a thought that she tried to shake off almost immediately. "...um... just... apples, my lord, the barrel was marked with 'PG', I think."
"...Pupil's Gifts..." he cut her off with a hushed realisation, one of his hands idly kneading at his stomach - or, rather, the armour that covered it. Sybil repaired for whatever punishments she had earned, but instead of striking her down, her lord let out a short, amused huff. That huff turned into an outright chuckle as he turned back towards his resting spot, using one hand to push her forward alongside him. "I see what you've been doing. Clever, very clever. You've been planning this for a while, haven't you?"
The gentle complaints of his stomach - something that Sybil didn't understand the reason for yet - made it very hard for her to reply. A particularly hefty gurgle shut her up completely, and she only managed to spit out a handful of words when she forced her brain to stop listening to it. "I... don't understand, my lord..."
"Pupil's Gifts. Ever-replenishing apples, perfect for cramming inside your beloved lord so you can watch him swell." His other hand patted the front of his armour, and his gut rumbled once more from the slight disturbance. Sybil felt like she was about to explode from the mere acknowledgement of her strange interests again - but it was undercut by the genuine fear rushing through her body. "Very... amusing, little worm. Disobedient, but amusing."
Once they had reached his assortment of pillows and other comfort-aiding items, the Underlord sat himself down with a slight huff, lying comfortably against the bulk of the cushioning. Sybil could see his stomach beneath his armour, rising and falling with each breath far more than it normally did. For a split second, it looked like the Underlord was about to ask her to take care of his swollen middle, but he simply gave her a one-word command instead.
"Pie".
Sybil's throat went dry as she picked up the rest of the pie and lifted it into his waiting hand, her lord immediately pulling it close and tearing out another slice with no worries about the mess that the apple filling could have made. He quickly began to devour the rest of the dessert, his large body groaning and whining as the food within was slowly pushed deeper and deeper down, gradually filling his second stomach. As much as she wanted to keep some dignity in front of her lord, the servant immediately went an even brighter shade of pink, her next exhale coming with a loud whimper that she didn't have a chance to hide. The large beast acknowledged it with a slight smirk, but said nothing, gleefully gorging himself on her pastry with small breaks to sip on a cup of wine or take a bite of some juicy meats.
He looked so tightly-packed already, and Sybil was having a hard time restraining herself. She had watched him eat before - sometimes to an excess that left him stuffed and sore for hours - but this was different. Her lord was clearly actively trying to rile her up, his lying pose exposing both stomachs and his armour straining to fit around his figure like it normally did. He must have been eating for at least half an hour before she had walked in again, and he definitely looked full already. His two guts were letting out all kinds of effort-filled groans and busy churning sounds, his free hand was idly stroking at the sensitive spots of his stretched skin to coax a few relaxed belches out of his mouth, and he was constantly glancing in her direction, daring her to walk up and touch him of her own free will. Without even realising it, she had clenched her hands so tight that her knuckles were starting to hurt.
The Underlord's stomach somehow looked bigger with each slice of pie that he ate, and she was starting to wonder if those apples - the Pupil's Gifts, whatever they were - had been the cause of it. Something about the way that her lord was moving told her that he wasn't just getting full, but sluggish, like his insides were sucking up all of his energy to digest the huge mess of different courses that he had managed to cram inside himself. Awkwardly shifting in place to try and disguise the extreme heat building up in both her chest and the space between her legs, she moved to clean up some of the dishes, hoping that it would give her an excuse to slip off to her quarters.
Just before Sybil could add a fourth plate to the pile, she heard a thump to her side, drawing her eyes back to the Underlord's obscenely indulgent state. His free hand was patting the space next to his stomach, signalling that he wanted her to sit there - right beside the taught surface of his lower stomach, the one she had never been able to enjoy before. His scales were already starting to stretch away from one another, exposing the soft, tense-looking flesh underneath. The fact that he was so generally big made it even more difficult for her to focus on anything else - she could easily, and happily, snuggle herself into his perfect belly like it was a groaning, gurgling cushion.
"Come here, little worm. Adding something new to my chosen meal was disobedient, and a punishment in order." The way he spoke made it very obvious that he had no plans to actually punish her, at least not in the conventional sense - something that made Sybil's pulse almost double as she drew closer, hearing her lord's insides grumble and growl with the effort of digesting such an excessive feast. She made it within arm's reach of the Underlord, only for him to sweep her closer with the palm of his hand against her back, bringing her right up to his lower belly and staring down at her with a grin forming on his face. "I'm sure you know what I expect you to do for me. Don't disappoint."
Sybil took a deep breath, one that quickly slipped back out as she heard the absurd amount of food in her lord's body getting compressed and digested less than one foot from her head. Up close, she was able to see just how full he looked - to her right was his upper body, swollen beneath his tight armour and looking ready to pop out of the metal entirely. Straight ahead was his lower belly, the one that she hadn't paid any attention to in their previous private interactions. Now that she was aware of it, though, it had become immediately obvious that it was just as swollen as the first, bloated downwards relative to his back and forming a perfectly smooth orb underneath his normal bulky self. Since he was lying against his cushions, she could even see the parts where his secondary gut bulged out at the sides, the limited space of his innards having been pushed far beyond their regular limits. It was hard not to picture how he would look standing up, walking into battle with a heavy, bloated lump of belly hanging beneath his four legs, as solid and dense as the one that graced his normal upper body.
Although she tried to restrain herself, Sybil couldn't defeat her own impulses. The servant almost launched herself as this stretched stomach, planting both of her hands on his stomach and letting out a peep of arousal as she felt it squish against her. Experimental pushes and pokes with both fingers and palms only made her face turn even more pink as she realised how utterly stuffed he was, the thin layer of squidgy fat quickly giving way to the tough, almost springy mass of food that had been squeezes into such a tight space. Pushing her legs together just in case, Sybil found herself biting her own lip again, gently prodding and stroking the Underlord's sore abdomen as he let out a sigh of what sounded like relief. It was different to the usual sighs he made after a hard day of fighting or a tough week of inspecting his forces - he was enjoying himself, and that was making Sybil's cheeks far warmer than she had expected.
Even though Vrogros was still feasting, his stomach was clearly finding it hard to make room for more. The groans beneath its bloated surface became more and more unstable as Sybil tried to massage the sore spots away, each lucky guess bringing a new noise of pleasure and comfort from his mouth. He looked so comfortable on his pillows, but his digestive system had gone into overdrive, every inch of food being pumped through the first stomach and into the second, gradually filling both to the brim. One of his clawed hands eventually had to pull away from his gorging and turn its attention to his bloated upper stomach, which purred angrily at the gentle pats he offered it. There was no denying that the lord had become a bit stationary since his conquest had begun, and the slight jiggle of his extra heft was only increased by the amount of food crammed into his body.
Sybil wanted to sink in to his underbelly even further, pushing herself against the soft skin and hearing it groan into her ears from both sides of her head, but her attention was caught by a strange bubbling sound coming from inside his stomach. It travelled towards his lower abdomen, then audibly pushed up his first stomach and into his throat, where it was let out as a heavy, elongated belch that seemed to fill the beast's chamber. It was so loud and dense that the servant froze for a good few seconds, too flustered to act.
"Mh. I think that pie..." The Underlord didn't have a chance to finish his sentence before another pained, slow churning sound left his overfilled lower stomach. Something within was refusing to digest, and Sybil could practically hear his insides trying and failing to conquer part of his meal. Moving his hand down to his lower half, her lord nervously poked at the very middle of his belly, a confused look flashing across his face before it switched to an intrigued smile. "...ah, it's the filling. I wonder if it'll digest faster than it replenishes itself - I suppose you'll have to find out for yourself, hmh?"
Sybil said nothing, visions of her lord's body being slowly swollen outwards by a replenishing mixture of apple pie filling clouding her mind. Nervously moving her hand over one of the areas that had bulged out at the side - and barely reaching, thanks to his vile girth - she pushed down and was rewarded with another full belch from the Underlord, making her spine tingle with how solid and weighty it sounded. The little noise that he left out once his breath came back was the icing on the cake, and the servant was stuck ogling his swollen, rotund underbelly with an overwhelming desire to snuggle herself right up against it.
And she did. Sybil outright pressed herself against the surface of her lord's full, taut, tight and noisy gut, feeling like she was about to melt into a puddle from how warm her entire body had become. Lord Vrogros was fiddling with his own armour, huffing slightly and sucking in his gut enough to reach the clasps that held it together. She was about to offer her assistance, but a particularly nasty groan from the core of the Underlord's body drew her back in. She was picturing it all in his head - her lord, practically stuck in his pillow nest as his guts worked to break down the pie filling long after he has processed the rest of his meal. He could be there, grumbling and groaning and kneading his gut, for days if these Pupil's Gifts were that powerful, and she had to admit that the idea appealed to her. Of course, she didn't wish her lord any actual harm - but it would give him an excuse to rest and sleep, and her an excuse to get her hands all over his two densely-packed guts.
Even as the Underlord worked to take off his ornamental armour, she could see just how tightly it was fitting around him, obviously a sign that he had expanded faster than expected. It was a wonder that he could even breathe in enough to get his fingers into the gap between his skin and the metal plating, with Sybil was almost jealous that she hadn't been asked to remove it instead. The idea of pulling it all off and watching his gut bulge out into her waiting palms, finally free from its tight restraints, was something that she had suffered wet dreams over in the past. Every time she tried to look away and see if he had managed to release his first belly, though, the second one would groan out in distress or start to stretch a little further outwards.
Every inch of the gut currently under her care was driving her wild in ways that she couldn't help but indulge. It was soft in all the right spots, but with a solid core underneath, one that was clearly the result of his over-fed middle and the heavy meal that he had managed to somehow pack into himself. As his primary stomach continued to digest everything that was still in his system, the results were pumped through to his underbelly, which was clearly getting more and more swollen as it tried to squish the rest of the feast in alongside its current contents. Sybil had no clue how Underlord's biology worked - she was his servant, not his doctor - but the way that her brain had interpreted it was going to haunt her pleasant daydreams for months.
With a sound of clear discomfort, Underlord finally managed to release himself from his gear, tossing it onto one of the other soft seating areas and leaning himself back down against the pillows with a tired huff. The poor beast looked exhausted, but that somehow only managed to make Sybil even more distracted. The digestion was obviously taking a lot out of him, but she couldn't even imagine how heavy he must have felt, stuffed beyond belief and struggling to deal with a pie that wouldn't disintegrate inside him.
"Ugh... I didn't expect to be defeated by a pastry..." Cupping his distended upper stomach now that it was able to stretch freely, Vrogros gave off another thick belch and tried to get himself comfortable, giving off surprisingly deep moans each time his scaly palm happened to hit a sore spot. Naturally, that meant plenty of irritated grumbles, some from his mouth and others from his overtaxed, overworked insides. He was even breathing with a bit more sharpness, like it had become a struggle to deal with his meal. "I think I might... need some time alone, little worm. Your lord is getting... nh... slightly too swollen..."
Sybil wanted to protest and massage his gut more, reaching around the excessively-stuffed surface and indulging herself in all the thousands of ways she wanted to knead, tease and adore that body of his. If the Underlord had decided to punish her by crushing her under his underbelly, she probably would have let him, too drunk on the groans and gurgles of his innards to think of anything except keeping his midsection comfortable and tended to. She it became clear that he was subtly telling her to leave him be, her heart sank a little, but she couldn't peel her eyes away from his bulging, swollen and gently-twitching stomach. "My lord, I... yes, my lord."
The slight smirk that he flashed her was hard to decipher, especially with her brain so muddled now that her thoughts had been allowed to run wild, but she managed to endure the pain of releasing his big underbelly from her touch and stepping back a few paces. Almost instantly, her hands were craving to touch him again, wanting to soothe his aches and push out whatever bubbles of air remained trapped inside him.
"Good. Good, I need my-" The Underlord cut himself off with another small burp, and he almost reached for another piece of his unfinished feast before remembering how full he actually was. "...mh, my rest. Consider your disobedience forgotten, and get back to your duties."
Sybil thought this was quite callous, until she remembered what time it was. This late at night, her duties often ended up focusing around a single thing: the following morning's breakfast, prepared ahead of time to keep her lord's stomach full and his strength up. Breakfasts that he had given her a fair amount of control over, as long as she stuck to at least a few consistent foodstuffs that he could rely on Her pulse skipped a beat as she realised what he was implying - and while she was tempted to stay and peek around the door, watching her lord knead more belches and groans out of his full guts, she had pies to make.
With a polite nod and a knot of anticipation forming in her chest, Sybil began the long walk to her lord's personal store room, one of the empty plates tucked under her arm. There was still plenty of those apples in the barrel, more than enough to build him a complete, tasty, and filling breakfast pie.
Perhaps he'd even treat her to another gut care session, one where she could really let herself loose with his stomachs. That seemed to be his preferred punishment for her brand of 'disobedience', after all.
“What comes next for you?” The lanky Englishman asks, and Leo doesn’t quite understand the question at the time. He’ll be Jed’s Chief of Staff if they’re successful in his bid for the Presidency.
But months later, Leo suddenly realizes what Lord John Marbury meant, as he watches the exit polls come in, and the states being called, and everything looking like Jed has the Presidency, easy peasy.
Of course, it wasn’t easy. Jed had had mysterious health problems throughout the campaign, and Leo had briefly lost control of his sobriety, not that anyone needs to know that. Not even Jed. Leo feels guilty for keeping such a massive secret and lapse in judgment from Jed, but Jed has enough to worry about.
“You should go and tell him,” Josh says, pointing to CNN with his remote. Election Day, November 3, 1998. They’ve called the Presidency for Jed, and the other networks and cable channels will soon follow.
“Maybe Abbey should tell him,” Leo says, suddenly reticent to break the news. “Where is she?”
“She’s getting ready for the speech--”
“You told her to get ready for the speech?” Toby interjects. “Do you want to tempt the wrath from high atop the thing?”
“No, Toby,” Josh growls. “I wanted her to get ready either way.”
“I’ll tell him,” Leo says quickly, eager to leave his two bickering subordinates.
The walk down the hallway to Jed’s suite feels indeterminably long, like someone’s stretched the hall in between his last walk down here. He eventually gets there and raps on the door. Jed swings the door open and ushers him with a tender smile, clearly seeing the tension in Leo’s face.
“So, tell me. We didn’t do it, did we?” Jed seems perfectly fine with the result he’s made up in his mind.
“No. We did do it, Mr. President-Elect.” And the look that comes into Jed’s eyes is a mixture of terror and joy. It’s a unique look on a fearless man. He even slumps a little, and Leo, worrying about another attack of whatever came upon him before one of the debates, goes to steady him.
“I’m okay, Leo. I’m okay. Just a little…overwhelmed. That’s an unusual feeling,” and he chuckles.
“We expect the call from the Senator at any point now.” Leo’s surprised to find Bartlet squeezing his hands in a move of what Leo can only consider passion. “Mr. President-Elect--” Leo says, but he is interrupted by a chaste kiss to the cheek.
“I know, I know. We can’t do this anymore. Whatever this was.” And Jed’s cavalier attitude towards the sudden dissolution of their relationship as it stood for several years lands like a thud in Leo’s mind. He almost wants a drink, but he rejects the notion as soon as it enters his head.
“Right. That’s what I was going to say.” Leo says, feeling utterly drained of any emotion whatsoever.
“What comes next for you?” Marbury had said, and Leo had brushed it off, saying he would be Chief of Staff, certainly tempting the wrath from high atop the thing, as Toby had said.
But that wasn’t what Marbury had meant, was it? He meant that whatever Leo McGarry and Jed Bartlet had had before Election Night 1998 would be over depending on the result. Maybe not even depending on the result. Their relationship would change from love to something else, something Leo can’t put his finger on, not quite.
As soon as the call from the Senator comes, Leo and Jed make their way down the hallway, Jed with his head held high, Leo with his own bent low. They enter the war room, as Josh termed it, despite everyone’s protests, and the whole room cheers. “We did it!” Josh exclaims, and he practically picks Leo up and twirls him around.
“Thank you,” Leo whispers to the young man, his soldier in arms.
“No, thank you. We’d do anything for you, you giant of a man. This is your victory,” Josh says with pleasure in his voice. He even does a little bow in Leo’s direction.
Ah, that’s what the something else is. Fidelity. Because he would do anything for Jed, now. He’s the guard dog.
Maybe he always was.
Stories deleted for no reason, as there were no replies from the AO3 admin for why they are deleted but they are deleted immediately after they are posted. This means they were reported by outrunthehurricane aka Lady Nature, who assumed they were all Elizabeth, Shareifeggnog, & Robert who are three separate people.

1. Tricks
Admin: "Dear BesssGrams_Last_Seen_Objectified8_3_1422, Your work Tricks was deleted from the Archive by a site admin. If your work was part of an import project managed by our Open Doors team, please contact Open Doors with any further questions. If it's possible your work violated the Archive's Terms of Service, please contact our Abuse Committee. Attached is a copy of your work for your reference."

BesssGrams_Last_Seen_Objectified8_3_1422: "What was the reason this story got deleted for?

NO REPLY


2. Queen Athena Cykes
Admin: "Dear Shareifeggnog, Your work Queen Athena Cykes: The Right Side of History was deleted from the Archive by a site admin. If your work was part of an import project managed by our Open Doors team, please contact Open Doors with any further questions. If it's possible your work violated the Archive's Terms of Service, please contact our Abuse Committee. Attached is a copy of your work for your reference." Shareifeggnog: "What was the reason my story was deleted?" NO REPLY.... The ao3 admin didn't respond to harassment & threats on Shareifeggnog's review board from outrunthehurricane. "This guest's comments are spam and harassment. It's not constructive criticism. It's a threat for further spam and harassment in my comment section. 'For the world's best Tudors fanfiction reader, I have never seen you on the great ReganX or FalconHonour. Oh is only bullying Lady_Preseverence and giving glowing praise to this "author" worthy of your attention? A pity you are missing out. Yes and those sixty-nine people who all gave them kudos within the first, what hour, of them posting this story and didn't bother reviewing or giving kudos to their other stories are certainly well deserved.' This person is either Lady_Preseverance or ReganX or FalconHonour. They are trying to bully me into reviewing RegaX, FalconHonour, or PanBoleyn" NO REPLY

3. The Hidden Twilight Coronation
Admin: "Dear Beaufort_Last_Seen_Maim_By_Poet_8_3_1422, Your work The Hidden Twilight Coronation was deleted from the Archive by a site admin. If your work was part of an import project managed by our Open Doors team, please contact Open Doors with any further questions. If it's possible your work violated the Archive's Terms of Service, please contact our Abuse Committee. Attached is a copy of your work for your reference." Dear Beaufort_Last_Seen_Maim_By_Poet_8_3_1422: "Why was this fic deleted?" NO REPLY

4. Help Bring Me Home
Admin: "Dear BessTudor_Last_Seen_Chained_Up_7_4_1540, Your work Help Bring Me Home was deleted from the Archive by a site admin. If your work was part of an import project managed by our Open Doors team, please contact Open Doors with any further questions. If it's possible your work violated the Archive's Terms of Service, please contact our Abuse Committee. Attached is a copy of your work for your reference. BessTudor: "Why was my story help bring me home deleted when it didn't have any infractions?" NO REPLY

5. Pierced
Admin: "Dear Enirum, Your work Pierced was deleted from the Archive by a site admin. If your work was part of an import project managed by our Open Doors team, please contact Open Doors with any further questions. If it's possible your work violated the Archive's Terms of Service, please contact our Abuse Committee. Attached is a copy of your work for your reference." Enirum: "What rule did this story break?" NO REPLY

6. Gut Feeling
Admin:
"Dear Enirum, Your work Gut feeling was deleted from the Archive by a site admin. If your work was part of an import project managed by our Open Doors team, please contact Open Doors with any further questions. If it's possible your work violated the Archive's Terms of Service, please contact our Abuse Committee. Attached is a copy of your work for your reference." Enirum: "What rule did this story break?" NO REPLY

7. Kings
Admin: "Dear Enirum, Your work Kings was deleted from the Archive by a site admin. If your work was part of an import project managed by our Open Doors team, please contact Open Doors with any further questions. If it's possible your work violated the Archive's Terms of Service, please contact our Abuse Committee. Attached is a copy of your work for your reference." Enirum: "What rule did this story break?" NO REPLY

8. Rich
Admin: "Dear Enirum, Your work Rich was deleted from the Archive by a site admin. If your work was part of an import project managed by our Open Doors team, please contact Open Doors with any further questions. If it's possible your work violated the Archive's Terms of Service, please contact our Abuse Committee. Attached is a copy of your work for your reference." Enirum: "What rule did this story break again?" NO REPLY

9. Church of Henry
Admin: " Dear Enirum, Your work Church of Henry was deleted from the Archive by a site admin. If your work was part of an import project managed by our Open Doors team, please contact Open Doors with any further questions. If it's possible your work violated the Archive's Terms of Service, please contact our Abuse Committee. Attached is a copy of your work for your reference." Enirum: "What rule did this fic break?"
"How does it feel? Too tight?"
"No, it's good."
"Great! You know the drill."
Youngtaek nods at the stylist, stepping away to let Joochan take his place, while he moves to the other side of the room to test the suit: he plans to do a quick walk around and do some stretching, before trying to do part of the choreography.
They don't often get to use suits like the one he's wearing, which is a pity in his opinion, because they all look great with it. Especially...
Youngtaek tries to discreetly look at Jangjun only to blush and quickly avert his eyes: the other rapper is already looking at him with a heavy gaze that makes his whole body shiver.

Youngtaek gulps and moves out in the hallway, knowing he wouldn't be able to do anything while Jangjun is so focused on him.
He barely manages to make a few steps of their latest choreo before he hears the door of the dressing room opening and closing behind him. From the way he feels his neck prickling, Youngtaek already has an idea about who is standing in the hallway with him.
"Testing the suit?"
Youngtaek takes a deep breath and tries not to show how worked up he is already. He turns around and nods, body tense in anticipation.
Jangjun slowly walks closer, like a predator about to jump on his prey, placing one of his hands on his lower back.
"Would you like hyung's help with that?" Jangjun whispers by his ear, making him shiver.
"Please" he begs and then the other is gently guiding him towards a nearby closet.

There isn't much space in the room, but they don't need it.
Youngtaek turns the light on and leans against the wall, watching Jangjun close the door behind himself and locking it.
His hyung does nothing, simply letting his gaze move up and down his body.
Youngtaek tries not to squirm too much at the attention, letting his arms limp loosely by his side and placing his hands against the wall, taking deep breaths while waiting for the other to just move already.

It takes Jangjun only one step before he is standing right in front of him.

His hyung says nothing, but simply lifts one of his hands to gently cup his cheek, letting his thumb rub his flushed skin. Youngtaek leans against his hand, gaze firmly locked on the other.
He feels Jangjun's thumb slowly move to caress his lips and Youngtaek quickly darts his tongue out to lick it. His hyung's eyes go even darker with desire and he tries not to whimper at the sight.
Jangjun drags his hand down his neck, reaching to grab his tie. Youngtaek gasps when he's suddenly yanked closer, Jangjun pulling his face a hair's breadth to his own.
As much as he wants to lean down and kiss him, Youngtaek knows Jangjun is the one making all the decisions, so he patiently tries to hold back.
Luckily his hyung takes pity of his obvious want because he only waits a few seconds before he leans closer and kisses him.

There's nothing soft about it.

It's lips and tongues and teeth.
It's wild and messy.
They both love it.

Jangjun moans and Youngtaek greedily swallows the sound, placing his hands on the other's waist.
His hyung leans completely against him, making Youngtaek fall back against the wall to support both of them.
It takes just the bare shift of hips from his hyung to make their clothed erections slide against each other and they both groan at the feeling.
"Fuck, love, you look so hot with this" Jangjun whispers, dragging his lips down to gently kiss and lick all over Youngtaek's neck.
"Hyung, please" he whimpers, biting back another groan when Jangjun rolls his hips against his own again.
"Do you have any idea how much of a turn on this is for me?" Jangjun says, letting his hands lightly scratch against his shirt, pulling at the suspenders and letting them go.
Youngtaek whines when they slap back against his body, tightening his hold on the other's hips.

He wants, wants, wants. Mind going progressively lost in lust.

"I could fuck you like this" Jangjun whispers, lightly biting his earlobe while his hands travel further down, reaching to grab Youngtaek's ass to squeeze it. "You'd like that, love?"
Youngtaek frantically nods, rolling his hips forward to rub them against Jangjun's and backwards towards his hyung's hands.
"Or maybe" he yelps when Jangjun swiftly flips him around, pushing his front against the wall while grabbing his hips and thrusting his clothed erection against his ass "you like this better, hm?"
Youngtaek is a mess: he can feel his cock leaking while his hole keeps clenching and unclenching, desperate to be filled and touched.
"Hyung... Suit... Stain..." he manages to blurts between moans while Jangjun keeps leisurely thrusting his cock between Youngtaek's clothed cheeks.
"Ah... that would be bad, hm?" Jangjun asks, leaning closer to leave butterfly kisses all over his neck. "We should make sure the stylist doesn't notice, right?"

Before he can work out a reply, Youngtaek is flipped around again: Jangjun is looking at him as if he could devour him and he shivers in lust.
His hyung leans closer to give him a quick kiss on his lips before he drops to the ground, pulling down the zipper and palming his erection, making Youngtaek bite his lips to avoid moaning out loud. The members know about them but there's no reason to let them know what they are doing.
Jangjun quickly pulls Youngtaek's hard cock out, gently stroking it with his hand before he lets his tongue play with the tip.
Youngtaek tries to stay as still as possible, fingernails scratching the wall at his back, while he watches Jangjun take long licks all over the lenght of his cock before finally taking him all in his mouth. He has to squeeze his lips shut as hard as he can when his hyung's mouth clenches tightly around his erection while Jangjun delicately rubs his nose against his pubes.
He tries not to thrust in the other's mouth when his hyung starts sucking him off: Jangjun takes him like he has never tasted anything better and can't get enough of it. It drives Youngtaek wild every single time his hyung goes down on him.

It doesn't take long before Youngtaek feels he's almost at his limit, having been worked up for a while.
He gently pats Jangjun's head, a silent warning that he's about to cum, and his hyung manages to smirk with his cock sliding in and out of his mouth.
It's such a hot view, even more because of the suit Jangjun is wearing, leaving little to imagination about what hides under the fabric.
It's too much for Youngtaek and he's suddenly trembling, spilling his cum inside the other's mouth, whimpering when he hears Jangjun greedily swallow it all.
It takes a couple of minutes to get his bearings back, but when he does, Youngtaek suddenly remembers about Jangjun's situation. He looks down and tries not to whimper at the sight: Jangjun's lips are so red, his face is flushed and his eyes are completely dark. From where he's standing, he can easily spot Jangjun's erection straining against the trousers of the suit.
Youngtaek quickly fixes his clothes before pulling Jangjun up and kissing him almost desperately. When he moves back, he flips them around, dropping on his knees.
"Can I?" he begs, mouthing the clothed cock and tightly gripping the other's hips. "Hyung, can I?"
"Yes" Jangjun hisses and Youngtaek makes quick work of his hyung's clothes, taking Jangjun's cock in his mouth and swiftly sucking him off.
He looks up when he hears Jangjun groaning and he's greeted by one of his favourite sights: Youngtaek loves watching Jangjun when they are having sex or getting each other off, loves watching his hyung get progressively lost in lust and desire.
"You always take me so well, love" Jangjun whispers, making him groan around the hard shaft, sucking it even faster. "You are so good for hyung, baby. So good..."
Youngtaek flushes at the praise, pleased that he is the one who can make Jangjun feels this good.
"So close... Fuck... Taekie, I'm..." Jangjun lets a low moan spill from his mouth before he's coming, making Youngtaek greedily swallow it all.

When he's sure the other is done, Youngtaek pulls back, enjoying the flushed and pleased look of his lover, gently fixing his clothes back for him.
He lets Jangjun pull him up and he leans completely against the other when his hyung wraps his arms around his waist and closes the gap between them, kissing him softly on the lips.
Neither of them feels like moving for a while, content to just lay in each other's arms.
In the end, Jangjun gently pats his ass and Youngtaek steps back.
His hyung is looking at him with obvious love and affection and he feels as giddy as that day when he was barely 18 and his hyung had accepted his confession and revealed he was returning his feelings.

"Come on, let's go back before they start looking for us" Jangjun says, unlocking the door and stepping back out in the hallway. Youngtaek silently follows him, taking the time to check the other out.
Jangjun obviously feels his gaze on him, because he turns around and smirks at him.
"Like what you see?" he teasingly asks.
He stops Jangjun before he can walk in the dressing room, grabbing his hips and and pulling him back towards his own body.
"Come to my bed tonight and I'll show you how much" Youngtaek whispers, slowly licking Jangjun's neck and grinning when he feels his hyung shivers.
"It's a date, then" Jangjun says, quickly turning his head to kiss his lips, before moving away and slipping back in the dressing room.
Youngtaek blinks a couple of time in surprise before grinning widely.
"Can't wait for it" he whispers before he follows after his lover.

Stories deleted for no reason, as there were no replies from the AO3 admin for why they are deleted but they are deleted immediately after they are posted. This means they were reported by outrunthehurricane aka Lady Nature, who assumed they were all Elizabeth, Shareifeggnog, & Robert who are three separate people.

1. Tricks Admin: "Dear BesssGrams_Last_Seen_Objectified8_3_1422, Your work Tricks was deleted from the Archive by a site admin. If your work was part of an import project managed by our Open Doors team, please contact Open Doors with any further questions. If it's possible your work violated the Archive's Terms of Service, please contact our Abuse Committee. Attached is a copy of your work for your reference."

BesssGrams_Last_Seen_Objectified8_3_1422: "What was the reason this story got deleted for?

NO REPLY


2. Queen Athena Cykes Admin: "Dear Shareifeggnog, Your work Queen Athena Cykes: The Right Side of History was deleted from the Archive by a site admin. If your work was part of an import project managed by our Open Doors team, please contact Open Doors with any further questions. If it's possible your work violated the Archive's Terms of Service, please contact our Abuse Committee. Attached is a copy of your work for your reference." Shareifeggnog: "What was the reason my story was deleted?" NO REPLY.... The ao3 admin didn't respond to harassment & threats on Shareifeggnog's review board from outrunthehurricane. "This guest's comments are spam and harassment. It's not constructive criticism. It's a threat for further spam and harassment in my comment section. 'For the world's best Tudors fanfiction reader, I have never seen you on the great ReganX or FalconHonour. Oh is only bullying Lady_Preseverence and giving glowing praise to this "author" worthy of your attention? A pity you are missing out. Yes and those sixty-nine people who all gave them kudos within the first, what hour, of them posting this story and didn't bother reviewing or giving kudos to their other stories are certainly well deserved.' This person is either Lady_Preseverance or ReganX or FalconHonour. They are trying to bully me into reviewing RegaX, FalconHonour, or PanBoleyn" NO REPLY

3. The Hidden Twilight Coronation Admin: "Dear Beaufort_Last_Seen_Maim_By_Poet_8_3_1422, Your work The Hidden Twilight Coronation was deleted from the Archive by a site admin. If your work was part of an import project managed by our Open Doors team, please contact Open Doors with any further questions. If it's possible your work violated the Archive's Terms of Service, please contact our Abuse Committee. Attached is a copy of your work for your reference." Dear Beaufort_Last_Seen_Maim_By_Poet_8_3_1422: "Why was this fic deleted?" NO REPLY

4. Help Bring Me Home Admin: "Dear BessTudor_Last_Seen_Chained_Up_7_4_1540, Your work Help Bring Me Home was deleted from the Archive by a site admin. If your work was part of an import project managed by our Open Doors team, please contact Open Doors with any further questions. If it's possible your work violated the Archive's Terms of Service, please contact our Abuse Committee. Attached is a copy of your work for your reference. BessTudor: "Why was my story help bring me home deleted when it didn't have any infractions?" NO REPLY

5. Pierced Admin: "Dear Enirum, Your work Pierced was deleted from the Archive by a site admin. If your work was part of an import project managed by our Open Doors team, please contact Open Doors with any further questions. If it's possible your work violated the Archive's Terms of Service, please contact our Abuse Committee. Attached is a copy of your work for your reference." Enirum: "What rule did this story break?" NO REPLY

6. Gut Feeling Admin: "Dear Enirum, Your work Gut feeling was deleted from the Archive by a site admin. If your work was part of an import project managed by our Open Doors team, please contact Open Doors with any further questions. If it's possible your work violated the Archive's Terms of Service, please contact our Abuse Committee. Attached is a copy of your work for your reference." Enirum: "What rule did this story break?" NO REPLY

7. Kings Admin: "Dear Enirum, Your work Kings was deleted from the Archive by a site admin. If your work was part of an import project managed by our Open Doors team, please contact Open Doors with any further questions. If it's possible your work violated the Archive's Terms of Service, please contact our Abuse Committee. Attached is a copy of your work for your reference." Enirum: "What rule did this story break?" NO REPLY

8. Rich Admin: "Dear Enirum, Your work Rich was deleted from the Archive by a site admin. If your work was part of an import project managed by our Open Doors team, please contact Open Doors with any further questions. If it's possible your work violated the Archive's Terms of Service, please contact our Abuse Committee. Attached is a copy of your work for your reference." Enirum: "What rule did this story break again?" NO REPLY

9. Church of Henry Admin: " Dear Enirum, Your work Church of Henry was deleted from the Archive by a site admin. If your work was part of an import project managed by our Open Doors team, please contact Open Doors with any further questions. If it's possible your work violated the Archive's Terms of Service, please contact our Abuse Committee. Attached is a copy of your work for your reference." Enirum: "What rule did this fic break?"
“Wario? What you doing here? You said you were at a mustache convention!” Waluigi looked in shock at his best friend and partner in crime hovering in space in his pink airplane. He hoped that Wario would tell him that he got lost on his way to the convention or that he was taking a short detour on his way home. Anything but the fact that he was right where the Puppet Master was supposed to be, and there was no one else there to take the villain’s place.
“Waluigi, get behind me.” Rosalina flew in front of the purple pizazz, raising her hand until the Lumas flew together once more and formed her giant sword. She held the colorful blade up to Wario’s face, nearly poking him in the nose.
“So we finally meet, Puppet Master. Upset we destroyed your giant Bullet Bill?” Waluigi couldn’t see her face, but he could feel an icy chill coming from her like his glitter cells stopped functioning, and he was feeling the vacuum of space instead. It was clear that Rosalina was furious, confident in her display, but still trying to stop herself from stabbing Wario right then and there.
“Have nothing to say for yourself? After all of the planets and galaxies you’ve destroyed?”
“Rosalina, there must be a mistake,” Waluigi flew up a bit so he could place a hand on his girlfriend’s shoulder. “I mean, I’ve known Wario my whole life. He was in my economics class. He let me crash at his house for a few weeks when my place was raided by the Mushroom FBI. He can’t be such a bad guy!”
As hard as Waluigi was trying to defend his friend, so much so that his purple wings almost turned red from concentration, Wario refused to counter any of Rosalina’s claims. He just sat there absentmindedly twiddling his mustache, expertly grooming it into its ideal shape.
“Wario, please say something!” The mauve magician was almost begging at this point, and, if he knew how to maneuver himself, he would have floated on his hands and knees if it meant that Wario was still the cheerful fellow who went to a friendly mustache convention to scam its attendants out of their hard-earned money with phony mustache wax. But, instead of giving a toothy grin and explaining this obvious misunderstanding, he started to let out the maniacal laugh he normally saved for when Mario and Luigi confronted him.
“Ahahahaha! Did you really think I was at a mustache convention, Waluigi? Haven’t I taught you anything about doing crime? You always have to have a cover story and an alibi, so thank you for supplying me with both.”
“You were lying back then? How was I supposed to know that?” Waluigi stared at his friend/possible intergalactic threat in shock. Sure, he thought Wario sounded a bit insincere, but he always sounded like that.
“Of course I was. Lesson three in committing the perfect crime: never tell the truth. Think of all of the lies we told to the cops, our loved ones, all of the children we bribed so they would egg Mario’s house. Lying is part of our lifestyle, Waluigi. I never suspected you of all people to be so rigid all of a sudden.”
“I’m not rigid!” As if to prove his point, Waluigi slouched over like all of his bones had turned to mushroom soup. He wasn’t sure if this was what Wario meant, but he wanted to believe in him.
“Sorry to interrupt,” Rosalina lowered her sword to Wario’s thick neck, “but did you or did you not use the Shadow King to decimate nearly 100 galaxies over the last few centuries?”
Wario let out another laugh. “Of course I did, baka!”
Now that got the magenta magical girl’s attention. Maybe if he just confessed, then Waluigi could tell himself that Wario was lying to make himself look cool like that time he wrote an op-ed in the Mushroom Times about how he robbed three banks in one day only for the banks to release statements that no one broke in. But, that word, ‘baka,’ that weebish slang that no mere mortal in the Mushroom Kingdom used. Only those who knew of the magical girls and their secret code would know to use that term. Only someone who had been secretly observing their work would know to say that.
“Well then, any last words, Puppet Master?” Rosalina pressed the blade in deeper. Waluigi winced at the wound, but Wario shrugged it off, wiping away a bead of tar-like blood that slipped out of his neck.
“Of course I do, Kawaii Nya-Nya Rosalina-chan. It’s Wario time!” Wario put his plane in reverse and sped out of Rosalina’s reach. He then soared down to Earth, snickering at the two magical girls as he went.
“Just missed him.” Rosalina shook her head. “C’mon Waluigi. We have to stop him before he destroys the Mushroom Kingdom.”
But Waluigi couldn’t bring himself to fly after Wario. This had to be some sort of mistake. Wario was harmless after all other than a few counts of tax fraud and vandalism. He was too money-hungry to ever destroy an entire galaxy full of potential people to scam. There had to be a logical explanation to all of this.
“I can’t, Rosalina. I mean, he’s my best friend in the whole world. If we’re going to have to kill him like we did the Shadow King, I refuse to do it.”
“You would really forsake your duties as a magical girl just for a single human? Even though you’ve seen exactly what he’s capable of?” Rosalina narrowed her teal eyes at the pink paladin. Even the Lumas in her sword seemed to squeak in disapproval.
“He’s not just a human! I just said that he’s so much more than that. Maybe if you had any friends and you didn’t keep yourself trapped in that stupid castle for centuries, you would understand that!”
That seemed to take Rosalina aback. “You think I’ve isolated myself from humanity because I want to? Perhaps unlike you, I understand what is needed to protect the world from threats like your ‘best friend in the whole world’. And, if that is truly who you consider a friend, then I must say I pity your lack of options. I would assume someone noble would choose to be alone instead of being with the likes of him. Now, if you’ll excuse me, I have a job to complete.” Before Waluigi could respond, Rosalina took off to Earth, slowly vanishing into the vacuum of space.
As Waluigi watched her fly away, a few Lumas seemingly flipping him off with their fleshly nubs, the violet vanguard realized that maybe he took things a bit too far. Okay, maybe using her isolation from earth as a gotcha moment was harsh, but, at the same time, she was being harsh by threatening to kill Wario. Universal menace or not, Waluigi knew that Wario should at least stand trial or whatever people who are too dumb to get away with their crimes do. It was so rare for them to actually come across an enemy capable of talking, so Rosalina should hear him out before she decides to slay him. Maybe that’s what he should have told her? Waluigi sighed and wiped a gloved hand across his bulbous nose. She definitely wouldn’t listen to him now, and he wasn’t sure if he could get Wario to stand down and promise to live a crime-free life and walk away from all of this, but maybe someone else could.
“Toad? Let me in, Toad!” Waluigi banged on the front door of the castle, which was locked shut, probably out of fear of Wario breaking in and destroying it.
“Waluigi-chan?” A screechy voice came from an intercom system. “I thought you have left with Rosalina-chan. Unless, is this a trap? Are you really Waluigi-chan?”
“If I was really an evil doppelgänger, why would I tell you that?” The fairy godmushroom was silent for a few seconds.
“Found fair enough to me.” The doors soon opened, and Waluigi flew in, clumsily landing on the sparkly floors of the foyer. The magical fungus flew over to him, hovering around his head.
“What happened out there, Waluigi? I thought you and Rosalina were going to defeat the Puppet Master.” Toad scratched his mushroom cap in confusion.
“I-I actually don’t know. My friend could possibly be the  Puppet Master, and now Rosalina’s mad at me, and they stormed off to Earth to have an epic battle or something, and I don’t know what to do!”
“Woah, slow down Waluigi-chan. Your voice gets so annoying when you talk like that,” Toad said like his was any better. “Start from the beginning. What happened when you found the Puppet Master.”
Waluigi explained how it all went down in such precise detail that it looked like Toad was zoning out at some parts. He even had to snap his fingers in front of the fairy godmushroom’s face a few times to make sure he was still awake. But, when he finished, the cotton candy crowd-pleaser knew that he had Toad’s full attention. The mushroom’s empty, soulless eyes were wide with fear and anger that would probably be directed toward Waluigi.
“Waluigi-chan! You and Rosalina-chan are partners, together until the end of time. You can’t just turn your back on her because of a conflict of interest.”
“It’s more than just a conflict of interest, Toad. Wario’s my best friend.”
“I see.” Toad stroked his chin. “So he’s your BFF.”
“I didn’t say that.”
“Your BFFL.”
“Definitely didn’t say that.”
“Your BFFLNWM, then?”
“Still no.”
“Your BFFLNWM8SWA?”
“You’re just making things up now. And what does the 8 stand for?”
Toad shrugged. “I just wanted to lighten the mood, Waluigi-chan. Us fairy godmushrooms gain power from the happiness of our magical girls. Just because you’re having a bad day doesn’t mean I have to suffer too!”
“Toad, if you don’t tell me what to do, then more than just us will have a bad day. If Rosalina goes all out in the Mushroom Kingdom, who knows how much collateral damage there’ll be! And, I really don’t want Wario to get hurt.”
“You really care about your BFFLNWM8SWA don’t you?  It makes sense though. Whenever I saw your wanted poster, his was always right next to it. Here, I even kept some of them from before you became a magical girl.” Toad took off his mushroom cap and pulled out a few pieces of slightly damp paper. Waluigi was suddenly glad that he was wearing gloves as he hesitantly took them and read their contents.
They were indeed just a few of his and Wario’s old wanted posters, the earliest one dating back to right after he and Wario dropped out of college following their economics class. The crimes Mario and Luigi wrote out when they created the posters — they couldn’t even be bothered to get a good picture of Waluigi, maybe one where his mustache wasn’t so frizzy — would be enough to send shivers down anyone’s spines. Robbery, vandalism, tax evasion, having bushes taller than two feet tall. But, staring at the list of misdeeds he and Wario committed together, the eggplant egalitarian felt joy over how much he had grown since becoming a magical girl, and his resolve grew that that had to be something to do about this. Wario had been by his side for years. He couldn’t just let him go like this.
“Well what should I do, Toad?” Waluigi folded the papers and placed them into his skirt’s functional pocket.
“I’d tell you to talk to Rosalina-chan, but I don’t think she really wants to listen to you right now. And, if they are fighting right now, you wouldn’t be able to stop them.”
“Wow, very helpful….”
“I’m not finished! I was going to say that I think a know someone who can help you out. Well, two people really.” Toad gave a mischievous wink.
“Really? That’s great!” Waluigi’s wings happily flapped like a majestic purple eagle. “Are they some other magical girls?”
“Uhh, kind of? Not really? I guess I’ll show you the first one.” Toad reached back into his mushroom cap and pulled out his wand. “Toasted Ravioli! Castletron-sama, rise!”
Before Waluigi could question why Toad added to his normal magical words, the castle started to rumble and shake. The periwinkle prismatic gasped and ran to one of the large windows in the foyer only to see what looked like muscular arms growing out of the sides of the castle, one of which reached over and gave Waluigi and Toad a thumbs up. A low voice soon echoed throughout the castle like it was coming from deep within the walls.
“Toad. I see you have awakened me.”
“I have, Castletron-sama. I am afraid that it is time we commence Ultra Plan Uber SekaiUber Sekai.”
“I understand. Give me just a few moments to stretch my legs. It has been quite some time since I have needed to use them.”
“Uhhh.” Waluigi stared at Toad. “Has the castle — I mean Castletron-sama — been alive this whole time?”
“I have been, Magic Doki-Doki Waluigi-chan. The souls of the thousands of deceased creatures used to build my structure have slowly given me life over the course of several millennia.”
“Can you feel it when people walk inside of you?”
“Always. My life is a waking nightmare like a thousand ticks are crawling in my body.”
“Oh, sorry about that.” Waluigi flapped his wings and hovered over the ground. “Is this better?”
The castle groaned. “That is somehow worse. I command you to stop that immediately.” As was requested by the giant, magical building, Waluigi returned to his feet.
“Don’t take them too seriously, Waluigi-chan!” Toad jumped in. “Castletron-sama has been the cradle of magical girls for generations. They wouldn’t do anything to you.”
“Yet.”
“Castletran-sama, remember who’ll be fixing those holes in your side.” Toad glared at no particular part of the castle, but it must have worked because the sentient building backed off.
“Fine. I will permit you safe travels to Earth as well as all of my tactical abilities, or, as you once called them, my ‘Kowai Shio-Shio Attack Series’.”
“Excellent! Then, Waluigi-chan, are you ready to save the world from Rosalina-chan and Wario’s battle?”
Waluigi nodded triumphantly, and the castle took off, soaring closer and closer to Earth.
***
“So, Toad, who’s this second person you mentioned?” Waluigi spoke as Castletron-sama slowly hovered over the Mushroom Kingdom. From the fuchsia fighter’s vantage point, he couldn’t see that many people outside staring up at the giant pink castle with muscular arms and legs that was floating above the kingdom. He wondered if it was possible for them to be that oblivious, but, then again, somehow none of them had heard of magical girls outside of a select few.
“I feel like you’ll be mad, Waluigi-chan, so I’ll just take you to him. Castletron-sama, can you land now?”
“I am trying to find an empty plot of land. This environment is much more crowded than it was the last time I visited this planet.”
“How long ago was that?” Waluigi wasn’t sure how exactly to look at Castletron-sama while inside of them, so he just stared at the floor and hoped for the best.
“Approximately 3 millennia ago.”
“Well that would do it. I don’t think the Mushroom Kingdom existed that long ago.”
“I see…” The sentient castle took a few seconds to figure out their next move. “I sense a large volcano near the vicinity of the kingdom. If I displace it, I will have room to land. Shall I proceed?”
Waluigi thought for a second. It was the volcano where Bowser’s castle was, and, even though the giant Koopa was evil and loved to kidnap a single woman over and over again, he still deserved a place to call his own. Still, he was dead ever since Rosalina decapitated him, so no harm, no foul.
“Do as you wish, Castletron-sama.” The spicypink soldier nodded, and the castle let out a few missiles from its sparkly roof that instantly flattened the volcano into a strip of level ground large enough for the building to land on. Soon, whatever remained of Bowser’s castle was no more.
Castletron-sama then lowered themself to the ground, first by landing on their broad legs that soon vanished into themselves. After a minute or so, Toad was able to open the front door, and the two left the castle.
“We’ll be back soon Castletron-sama!” Toad shouted. “And I’ll call you if we need help.”
The castle did groan in response, which Waluigi took as a positive, and he turned to Toad. The fairy godmushroom had yet to tell him who he was supposed to be working with, and the fungus’s comment about how Waluigi would be mad about it did nothing to assuage his concerns.
“Here, Waluigi-chan, follow me.” Toad buzzed by on his little wings, leaving Waluigi to fly after him on his superior wings.
As the two flew into the Mushroom Kingdom, Waluigi still wasn’t exactly sure where Toad was taking him. The pizza place? His house? Maybe back to the beach? But, when Toad landed in front of Princess Peach’s Castle and led Waluigi inside, the heather herald felt his mustached heart sink.
“Ehh? What-a are you two doing-a here?” The lean green fighting machine, humanoid string bean, brother of Mario, and inferior person with ‘Luigi’ in their name stood in the entryway of the castle. Luigi smiled at Toad, but that quickly shifted into a frown when he saw Waluigi.
“Hi there, Glitter Wan-Wan Luigi-kun. Thank you for getting here on time.”
“Of-a course. The second-a I saw the mushroom-a signal, I knew-a to come over.” Luigi pointed to a small mushroom-shaped lightbulb on the wall of the castle. Man, the magical girl budget must really be suffering if not only did they need Luigi’s useless help, but the signal looked like it was seconds away from needing to be changed.
“Wait, is my secret teammate Luigi?” The mulberry malewife glared at his fairy godmushroom.
“Toad, I told-a you a thousands times-a before that I can-a only work with-a my brother Mario. I could-a never work-a with this discount-a version of myself.”
“What did you say you moldy cucumber?” Waluigi flexed his wings to assert dominance, but to Luigi, after years of being bullied by Mario, it was not effective. If anything, the act seemed to make the lesser sidekick grow more confident, smoothing out his plush — but still not at great as Waluigi’s — mustache.
“Look-a. I don’t-a know why you came-a to me and not-a Mario, but-a I would never work-a with someone beneath-a myself. I exist-a only to make Mario look-a better and cooler, so that-a is what I will-a do.”
“What? The Mushroom Kingdom could be destroyed soon in some extreme attempt to save the universe! What is with you plumbers and not taking your jobs seriously?”
“You’re one to talk, Waluigi-chan. If you just used your tennis trident against the Puppet Master, none of this would have happened!” Waluigi glared at the airborne mushroom. Of course, instead of helping the grape god out, he was just knocking him down a peg.
“Like I said Toad, I’m not going to kill Wario out of nowhere, no matter how many planets he hypothetically has destroyed!”
“What-a? Wario the bad-a guy? Wow, I-a never would’ve-a guessed.” Luigi rolled his eyes and started to walk away.
“Where are you going?” Waluigi called after him.
“This-a sounds like-a your personal business coming-a back to haunt-a you. If only-a you picked-a me for your group-a project in economics class-a, then maybe-a this wouldn’t have-a happened.”
“Well, if he is this thousand year old planet destroyer, then why would he force himself to sit through a college economics class? See, it makes no sense! Which is why we have to stop him and Rosalina from battling each other in the middle of the Mushroom Kingdom.”
“But-a I can’t do it without-a Mario, and I don’t-a know where he-a is.” With how Luigi seemed to wilt, the jam juggernaut almost felt bad for the musty broccoli. Well, not bad enough to stop him from pushing the proverbial knife in further.
“Well, if you’re looking for your brother, I launched him to the far side of the Earth. He’s probably trapped in some glacier somewhere by now.”
“What?!” Toad and Luigi cried out in unison. Luigi looked like Waluigi just slapped him, and the floating fungus started freaking out and buzzing around the room.
“You used your tennis trident on Tanuki Gero-Gero Mario-kun? But he’s the Mushroom Kingdom’s main defender against Bowser! Now what will happen if Princess Peach gets kidnapped again?”
“Oh, Rosalina decapitated Bowser, so that shouldn’t be an issue.”
Toad glared at Waluigi. “That’s not the point! Now the Mushroom Kingdom lost its main hero, and all we’re left with is this guy.” He pointed a stubby finger at Luigi. “Uh, no offense, Glitter Wan-Wan Luigi-kun.”
To his credit, the inferior version of Waluigi didn’t seem hurt by Toad’s direct insinuation that the Mushroom Kingdom would probably be destroyed in a matter of weeks if Luigi was in charge of protecting it. He took off his green hat and gazed longingly at the green ‘L’ in the same font as his brother’s red ‘M.’ But, he didn’t seem that upset that Waluigi had possibly killed his brother either. When he dropped that bombshell, the wine warrior was ready for Luigi to come at him with his noodly arms and bad special moves, but no such thing happened.
“Waluigi, do you-a know why I-a needed Mario by my-a side?”
“Because you like to be bullied?”
“Yes-a, but it’s-a deeper than that. When-a Mario and I were-a born, it was-a prophesied that-a we would-a become the greatest-a heroes the Mushroom Kingdom-a had ever seen, but-a that one brother was meant-a to be the sidekick. Growing up-a, I always thought-a that Mario was-a the more powerful of-a us because he was-a cooler and knew how-a to stomp on monsters, so I agreed-a to be by his-a side just-a like the prophesy said-a. I was-a happy to feel-a useful, but-a, one night, when I-a was sleeping-a in my bed-a….”
“Did you miss the part where the kingdom might be in danger? We don’t have time for this monologue!”
“One-a second. I’m almost-a done. So, one-a night, when I was-a sleeping like a little ravioli, I woke up-a to a strange-a sound coming from my-a bedside. I heard-a Mario whispering, so I opened-a my eyes, and I saw-a him holding-a a magic wand like-a Toad’s. And, as-a he changed a magic-a spell, I felt-a weaker like over-boiled pasta. It-a was then that I realized. Mario was-a stealing my powers. I-a was meant-a to be the more powerful-a brother, but-a Mario took that-a from me. But-a, if Mario is-a gone, then maybe I can get-a the powers that-a were rightfully mine.” As Luigi spoke his dramatic backstory, a bright green light slowly engulfed him.
Toad gasped as the lesser Mario Bro entered his ultimate form, one worthy of the true hero of the Mushroom Kingdom. Luigi grew nearly a foot taller, and his lanky muscles bulged out until he looked like a mustached bodybuilder. His shirt and overalls melted into a green Speedo that showed off his massive thighs, ready to take down any enemy. Waluigi wasn’t sure how much that flimsy piece of fabric would help protect the buff bunch of spinach, but as Luigi flexed his enormous arms, the iris iridium realized that his skin was bulletproof.
“Thank-a you, Waluigi! Now I can-a be the Glitter Wan-Wan Luigi-kun I was-a born to be!” Luigi embraced Waluigi, lifting the mauve magical girl off of his feet and crushing him with his muscles. Waluigi groaned both from the feeling of being squished and the fact that he was no longer the taller of the two. And, now that Luigi was absurdly buff, all Waluigi had were his wings, charm, and good looks to make him superior to the strong bok choy in front of him.
“Uh, sure Luigi. Can we find Wario and Rosalina now?”
“Of-a course! Let’s-a go!” Without telling the other where he was going, Luigi ran off on his giant legs, leaving Waluigi and Toad to fly to catch up with his strides.
“I didn’t realize that heroes also had ultimate forms.”
“Of course they do, Waluigi-chan! Any form of life that reaches its full potential can unlock their ultimate form and abilities. That’s why I was able to become a fairy godmushroom and not still be trapped as a normal Toad.” Toad shuddered at the thought of being one in a swarm of identical mushroom people.
“But why couldn’t I get really muscular?”
“A buff magical girl?” Toad stared at the boysenberry baller in shock. “That would be crazy!”
***
After several minutes of desperately trying to catch up to Luigi, Waluigi and Toad found him in the middle of the town square. And, several hundred feet in front of him were Wario and Rosalina. The two had yet to start attacking each other, but Wario was menacingly circling the tall magical girl in his pink plane while Rosalina stared him down.
“Ok, Waluigi-chan, Luigi-kun, we have to be very stealthy about this. We don’t want to charge in there and….”
“Rosalina!” Waluigi charged up to her.
“Waluigi?” Rosalina looked at him. “And Toad and Luigi-kun?”
“And Castletron-sama is here too!” Toad yelled out.
“Even Castletron-sama was awakened for this?” Rosalina gasped. “You must all be here to help me stop this great evil then!” She beamed down at Waluigi as he quickly approached her.
“No, we’re here to stop you two from destroying the Mushroom Kingdom. What do you think will happen if you go all out here, Rosalina?”
The teal magical girl thought for a moment. “This kingdom is strong enough, and, if it means defeating the Puppet Master and keeping the universe safe, I’ll do it. Of course, it seems like you have different priorities.”
“Look, I’m sorry that I stopped you and I admit, I went too bad back there, but at least let me talk to him so we can figure this out.” If Rosalina stared at him any longer, Waluigi would have dropped to his hands and knees, but thankfully she nodded.
“As your senpai, I will permit it.”
“Wario!” Waluigi called to his yellow-themed best friend. “Please tell me what’s going on here. I mean, we went to college together, we’ve spent so much time just hanging out and doing crimes. Even if you lied to me about the mustache convention, how could you be this ancient monster?”
Wario let out a loud, obnoxious laugh. “You see Waluigi, your friend here is correct. I am what you refer to as the Puppet Master. For tens of thousands of years, my kind has explored the universe, slowly expanding our territory by getting rid of everything in our path. But, the rise of the magical girls led to the extinction of most of my people. You little magical freaks want nothing more than to save these rocky husks you call planets, and we have paid the price for that. So, I devised a plan to create a worthy successor to my cause who would stand by my side no matter what. And, I knew exactly where to go to do it: a college economics class. You were always so trusting Waluigi, no matter what I asked of you or what you were complicit of. And now I stand before you with another crime for us to commit together for old time’s sake. Forsake the magical girls and come to my side and we can rule this universe together!”
“Wario, I…” Waluigi wasn’t sure how to respond to that. Had Wario just been using him this whole time to groom him into his successor? After all, they had been through? Suddenly, the raisin radical realized how smart it was to have come there, not to stop the fight, but to make sure that he could fight Wario — no, the Puppet Master — himself.
“Rosalina,” he looked up at his girlfriend and fellow magical girl, “let’s end this.”
“I’m so glad you’ve come around, Waluigi,” she smiled at him. “Now, heroes of the Mushroom Kingdom and beyond, let’s go!”
At her command, Waluigi, Luigi, and Toad all rushed into battle. Rosalina made the first strike with her Lumas blade, but Wario’s fashionable overalls deflected the damage. He raised his hand and shouted, “Obey Wario!” and a swarm of Galacta-Boos, Bob-ombs, and Goombas swarmed the town square, crawling over the few civilians who were witnessing the admittedly strange sight of a winged Toad, a giant woman, Waluigi, a really buff Luigi, and Wario in his little airplane all fighting each other.
“Mwahahaha! If you don’t want your precious kingdom to be overrun by my army, then I suggest you act quickly!” He shot a few missiles at Rosalina from his plane, but she dodged them and instead turned her attention to the panicked civilians.
“Luigi, Waluigi, make sure everyone else is safe!” Waluigi noticed that she didn’t give Toad anything to do, but he begrudgingly turned to Luigi, and the two ran into the crowd.
The wahnderful warlord used his tennis staff to launch the Bob-ombs into the swarms of Galacta-Boos with a beautiful ‘Wah!” and Luigi picked up several Goombas in his massive hands and smashed them together, turning the mushroom creatures into cream of mushroom soup. But, no matter how many they defeated, Wario would just raise his hand and summon more. The swarm was never-ending, and Waluigi hoped that Rosalina was at least getting in a few hits, but when he looked over his shoulder, he saw that Wario was easily evading every strike.
“Toad? A little help would be nice!” The fairy godmushroom looked like he was meditating, which was completely useless in this situation. But, at the sound of his magical girl’s voice, Toad opened his eyes, looking more intense than Waluigi had ever seen him before.
“Castletron-sama! It is time to commence your Kowai Shio-Shio Attack Series!” As Toad screeched, he took out his magical want and yelled out, “Pasta Primavera!” and, instead of fireworks or something of that nature coming from the yellow star, a large metal head spawned in front of him. As Toad entered the pink, metallic object with weirdly realistic eyes and teeth, the conch crusader felt the ground shake below him. All of the fighting stopped as everyone watched Castletron-sama appear over the horizon, carefully stepping over buildings on their way over. The sentient building picked up the metal head and placed it on top of it, the gold eyes lighting up and blinking ominously as its lips moved.
“You must be the one they call the Puppet Master.” They pointed at Wario as the menace stared in shock at the newly-completed mecha. “It is my duty as the cradle of the magical girls to defeat you, or at least that’s what Toad ordered me to do.”
With that, Castletron-sama let out a few missiles of their own, Toad piloting it like the protagonist of a shounen anime. Waluigi couldn’t believe it. It was actually working, and Toad was helping for once! Wario avoided the first few ballistics, but a particularly sneaky one hit the back of his plane, causing its engine to die and the villain to jump out to escape the impending explosion that wiped out a few yards of pavers. Civilians started to scatter as the town square was pummeled by countless explosives, but Luigi gathered most of them up in his arms and ran them to safety.
“Don’t-a worry. This-a is just a normal-a day. Nothing-a to think about-a too hard.”
“Huh? Where’s Mario?” One man asked Luigi as the strongman carried him off.
“He’s-a gone now. But-a you can call-a me Luigi.” As the crowds started cheering Luigi’s name, Waluigi couldn’t help but feel happy for the jolly green giant. Even after feeling superior to the man for so long, he was happy that he was getting some recognition for his service.
“Hmm, you may have destroyed my plane, but you still can’t defeat me!” Wario laughed once more as he dodged a few more missiles by rolling past them. Castletron-sama looked like it was revving up for another attack, but Toad stopped it. Any more damage and the whole kingdom might burst into flames, and, now that the civilians were safe, they wanted them to be able to have a place to eat pizza at.
“You magical girls are so soft! Dropping your best weapon because a few people might die? Dies flash: Everyone dies eventually! If you really wanted to take me down, you should’ve gone all out when you had the chance.” Wario summoned another swarm of monsters. With the random people gone, Waluigi had an easier time launching them into one another, but even with the full power of his tennis trident, he didn't seem to be making much progress. Even Luigi, despite his extra girth, was quickly becoming overwhelmed, and Rosalina still couldn’t get Wario to drop his guard down enough to strike him. It was all going wrong so fast, but right as he was about to give up hope, Waluigi heard a weird cry in the distance.
“Bwepboo!” An egg came flying from the distance, hitting Wario in the face.
“Who did that?” Wario scraped the scrambled yoke off of him as Yoshi approached, a single rider on his back. It was Princess Peach, Waluigi realized, with Bowser’s skull on her head as a helmet.
“As Princess of the Mushroom Kingdom, I bid you welcome and so long, Puppet Master!” As she spoke, a herd of Yoshis and Birdos appears behind her like a royal cavalry ready to stomp down everything in their path.
“You think your eggs can defeat me? I’d like to see you try….” Right as Wario started to gloat, the bipedal, colorful creatures charged forward, lobbing eggs and tongues and everything in their path. Princess Peach took the lead, slamming her skull helmet against every Galata-Boo in her way.
“Peach?” Toad spoke through Castletron-sama. “What are you doing here?”
“I realized that, without Mario, I would have to learn how to fend for myself. With all of my money, power, and loyal subjects, it ended up being easier than I thought. Now, charge my subjects! Charge!” The Yoshis and Birdos continued to tear through the intergalactic monsters, dousing them in egg whites and tying them up in their stretchy tongues. Soon, Wario couldn’t summon  in enough monsters to overwhelm the forces of good.
“Now, Rosalina!” Rosalina nodded at Waluigi’s words and charged Wario again, slicing through his cheek while he was attempting to spawn in more Bob-ombs. Waluigi let out a mighty “Wah!” as he simultaneously launched a Bob-mob right at Wario, causing all of the mini bombs he just created to light up and explode in his face. He landed on the ground, struggling to catch his breath.
“You… you can’t defeat me! I am the destroyer of world, the rightful ruler of the-“ A coughing fit disturbed what could have been a cool speech, and, as Waluigi stood over his former friend, he couldn’t help but feel sorry for him. Sure, he wanted to take over the universe, but he had been there for Waluigi through thick and thin. But then again, he was a magical girl now, and his duties came before all else. He could blast through his with his tennis trident and be the beloved hero he always wanted to be, but he knew that someone needed this more than he did.
“Rosalina, I want you to have this. After all you’ve done to fight the forces of evil and how much of your life you’ve given to stopping Wario, you should be the one to take him down.” The imperial isotope twirled his mustache and stepped aside, allowing Rosalina to stand over Wario.
“Hahahaha. You think you can defeat me? It’s still Tuesday you fools, and intergalactic crime is legal on Tuesdays!”
“Check your location, Wario. This is Earth, and crime is illegal on Tuesdays.” With that, Rosalina plunged her Lumas blade through Wario’s neck, killing him instantly.
Waluigi watched as his old friend fell for good, tar-like blood spilling over the pavement. He looked almost peaceful like he knew that his endless work of trying to destroy planets was finally over. The razzmic rebel held his tennis trident and, knowing that Wario wouldn’t want to be left in a place like this, yelled,
“WAHHHH!” and launched him into the distance, leaving only his yellow hat behind.
As Princess Peach, her army of Yoshis and Birdos, Luigi, Toad, and Castletron-sama defeated the rest of the monsters, the battle was finally over. Peach dismounted her Yoshi and took off Bowser’s skull, holding it under her arm.
“Waluigi-chan, Rosalina-chan, I thank you all for your heroism this day. The Mushroom Kingdom is forever in your debt.”
“It was our pleasure, Your Highness.” Rosalina tried to bow, but Princess Peach stopped her.
“Please, a hero of your status should never bow to a mere monarch. Luigi-kun and I will manage it from here.” It was only then that Waluigi realized how destroyed the town square was. Several storefronts were somehow on fire, eggs were everywhere, but, like a greasy light of hope at the end of a dark tunnel, the pizza place made it.
“You did-a well, Waluigi. Whenever you-a come back, we can get-a some pizza on-a me!” The uber-muscular hero shook Waluigi’s hand before bounding off with Princess Peach and the Yoshis and Birdos to assess the damages, leaving the slate survivor, Rosalina, Castletron-sama, and Toad alone in the town square. Holding Wario’s hat and his tennis trident in his hands, Waluigi turned to Rosalina.
The teal magical girl stood there in shock, tears streaming down her face like she realized what she had done. After so many centuries of fighting, she had finally completed her mission.
“Rosalina, I-“ Rosalina interrupted Waluigi by bending down and kissing him, wrapping her arms around her winged boyfriend. Waluigi couldn’t help but reciprocate, allowing Rosalina to lift him from his feet. But, as happy as she seemed, she still looked a bit concerned.
“What do I do now, Waluigi? My whole life, all of it was spent going after the Puppet Master.”
“We do whatever we want, Rosalina. But first, let’s go home.” Waluigi flapped his wings and took off into the air, Rosalina following him. Castletron-sama and Toad took the lead to make sure that their magical girls had a safe place to land, and Waluigi knew that, no matter what threat came next, no matter what, other evils lurked in the galaxy, he and Rosalina could rest for now.
And so they continued upwards to that brilliant castle in the sky.
To put it frankly, Tadashi is fed up. Has been for a while. The once sharp blades of sadness have long been replaced by a crushing weight of black nothingness. He's fed up with feeling absolutely nothing. The feeling of a ball colliding with his hands just right feels like nothing now and he hates it. Tsukishima’s deadpan comments ridiculing the idiot duo, which used to elicit a small smile from Tadashi now feel empty and bleak and it makes him want to cry. It's funny saying it, really, but he misses the feelings of sadness, disappointment, anger. He misses sobbing until his throat feels sore and he has to push down the urge to throw up.
He misses feeling, simply said. He never really felt happy, and he’d become content with that. He didn’t like it, but it was a fate he had learnt to accept, but now he can’t feel anything anymore and Tadashi misses the painful ache in his chest after a long day of overthinking and anxiety.
It’s late at night and Tadashi cannot sleep. He’s tried everything but nothing seems to send him into slumber; so, he’s pretty restless. Why couldn’t he be given the pleasantry of ceasing to think rather than ceasing to feel, because think he does. He’s considering skipping practice tomorrow, they don’t need him anyway. He really isn’t all that important; they probably wouldn’t even notice if he were gone.
Tadashi knows that this is a lie and yet some weird part of him wants it to be true. He wants no one to have to care or worry about him because it would be so much easier to disappear if he already felt invisible. He curses his parents for taking the time to check if he’s okay when he comes home from practice all hunched over and tired; he curses the slight worry to Tsukishima’s usually cool tone when Tadashi says something a little too on the edge of self-deprecation. He wishes they would hate him, wishes they thought nothing of him.
But they don’t, and that’s what’s keeping him from… from doing…
He can’t even say it. He feels shameful even thinking about it because he knows it’s selfish and stupid and he’ll eventually get out of this slump if he waits long enough. Most days the thought is kind of just there; it’ll chip away at the back of his mind pretty unnoticeably. But one day, the wall will cave in, and it’s so noticeable and garish that Tadashi wants to scream to anyone and everyone about how badly he wishes he was never born, and how badly he just wants everything to end.
It’s light outside, and Tadashi can hear the faint sounds of birds tweeting outside his window. He hasn’t slept at all. Not that he’d be any less tired if he had slept, that is.
He hears his phone buzz but makes no effort to look at it.
He doesn’t care (he does).
He wants to avoid everyone (he doesn’t).
He lies there, eyes tracing patterns on the rumpled ceiling, wishing tears to arise.
Usually, when he felt heavy or numb, he would feel a whole lot better after crying. He’d feel sad, sure, but it was better than feeling nothing. But today the tears just didn’t seem to come no matter how hard he willed for them to stream down his face in ugly droplets of despair.
Tsukishima would be waiting for him – Tadashi knew this. He didn’t want to let Tsukishima down or make him annoyed, so this thought was enough for Tadashi to drag himself out of bed and stagger to the bathroom. He didn’t dare look in the mirror. He didn’t dare.
It’s ten agonising minutes later when he waves a hello to Tsukishima before they begin walking their normal route to school.
“You’re late, you know.” It’s not a question, but Tadashi feels the need to answer it anyway.
“Yeah. I know,” he tries his hardest not to sigh. “Sorry, Tsukki.” Normalcy was something else to hold on to, normalcy was a constant, something he needed.
“Are you alright?” And Tadashi wants to say that no, no he isn’t alright, he’s exhausted and numb and ready to off himself if given the chance. But it’s not really that sort of question and Tadashi knows this. He knows that Tsukishima doesn’t really care if he’s alright or not. So, he says yeah, he’s fine. Just tired. That’s all.
Just tired.
Just tired.
It’s enough for Tsukishima to shut up and replace Tadashi’s annoying voice with his headphones, playing music loud enough to drown out any noise from their surroundings.
Tadashi lets himself sigh.
He’s not really thinking about the walk or the road, and Tadashi would be lying if he said he wasn’t hoping he would accidentally walk into traffic too soon and get hit by a fast-moving car.
They’re at school now, and Tadashi has his head on the desk; he’s not focusing on the lesson, he’s not even really sure what the lesson is, he doesn’t care, he just wants the day to be over so he can lie in bed and force himself to cry. He can feel Tsukishima’s eyes boring into the back of his head, but Tadashi can’t find it in him to care.
He moves his head so it's resting in his palms; this way he can look out of the window whilst simultaneously looking like he’s paying at least a little more attention than he actually is.
Truth is, he’s falling behind on his classes. This should worry him, but something scary in the back of his mind tells him that it doesn’t matter because he will be dead soon. He tries not to believe it because he won’t really do anything like that, whether it be because he’s too much of a coward or because he doesn’t truly want to die, doesn’t matter because Tadashi knows that he doesn’t actually really want to die.
Perhaps that’s why it's such a scary thought: he can’t imagine himself living more than a week into the future. The thought of being an adult, doing normal adult things seems so foreign to him and it's all because he doesn’t think, can’t think that he will be alive by then.
Mathematics. That’s it. He’s in mathematics class right now. The chalkboard reads an equation that Tadashi doesn’t know the answer to. Tsukishima probably would.
It’s probably an hour that’s passed and class is over, and Tadashi isn’t sure whether it felt like minutes or days. He messily tosses his stuff into his shoulder bag and waits for Tsukishima to do the same before exiting the classroom.
They’re walking down the hallway when Tsukishima decides to speak. “There’s something bothering you.”
Way to be smooth about it, Tadashi thinks.
He swallows. “There is?”
What a dumb question.
“I don’t know, you tell me.”
“Well, there isn’t,” he lies, hoping it doesn’t sound as doubtful out loud as it did in his head.
Given the look Tsukishima gives him, it was.
“You’re upset,” he states plainly, but Tadashi feels his stomach sink.
“I’m not,” he tries to punctuate it with finality though it’s rather unbelievable, but Tadashi does not want to have this conversation right now, whatever that conversation may be. He doesn’t want to have to explain his feelings because they’re rather embarrassing and disgusting and he thinks if he pretends that they don’t exist then they’ll disappear at some point, right?
Tsukishima looks like he wants to press further, his eyes narrowing, and eyebrows knitted together, lips pressed into a thin line. Tadashi swallows.
He doesn’t.
They walk to the gymnasium without another word and Tadashi is thankful. At least he thought he would be. He tells himself that he’s glad that Tsukishima didn’t say anything else, that he wasn’t forced to tell someone that he wasn’t okay and that, yes, he is struggling, and he doesn’t know how to help himself, and he feels as though he’s suffocating on every breath he takes.
Still, there’s a little pool of anxiety bubbling at the pit of his stomach and he really doesn’t like it because why is it there?
He doesn’t want anyone to know because that would make things not normal, and Tadashi likes normal; he likes things going how he expects them to go because that’s safe and easy.
Telling people how he feels is neither of those things.
Practice is well, Tadashi couldn’t tell you. He isn’t focused and just relies on muscle memory for the most part. He isn’t on top of his game, but he rarely is these days. The team doesn’t seem to mind.
It’s because they don’t need you, his mind tells him.
You’re replaceable, he tries not to think.
Forgettable.
That one hits harder. Because deep down he knows that his team values him as a player and he isn’t totally as bad as he’s come to convince himself. But he can’t know for sure if he were gone people would remember him after time passes and life moves on.
If he just decided not to turn up one day, would they mourn his disappearance?
If he just decided to die one day, would they mourn his death?
The latter is a little dramatic and Tadashi knows this. He knows for the most part he’s being delusional and entertaining possibilities that will never happen. Because he’s not going to die, and he’s sure of that.
But will he forever? It’s something that’s been tugging away at him for a little while now. He doesn’t really want to die now, but what if things get worse? Would he do it then? Would he cave in then? Would he finally bring the knife to his skin then? He hates to think about it, to think about how things could be worse than they already are.
But it’s true. It could get worse, and he could actually want to die.
He could actually do it.
And so, would he be missed if he did die?
If he did…
(He still can’t bring himself to say it.)
Tadashi doesn’t mean the superficial kind of miss either. The kind where you think about them for a while and go ‘huh, I miss them’ but don’t really think too hard. He means the kind where your heart aches and your stomach feels empty and your head hurts.
He’s probably being selfish.
Definitely being selfish.
He isn’t important enough to entertain these kinds of possibilities.
There’s a tap on his shoulder and Tadashi looks up to meet the eyes of his best friend. He’d laugh if he could because it's almost ironic at this point, the worried gaze that looks comedic coming from Tsukishima has been becoming increasingly prominent throughout the day.
He doesn’t say anything though, because saying something would lead to more things being said, and he can’t risk anything to do with that being said.
The walk home is as normal as it could be, and for that Tadashi is glad. It’s awkward, sure, but that’s probably only on Tadashi’s behalf. He can’t imagine it’s awkward to Tsukishima because it has no reason to be.
There’s an itch in his chest though, an itch of which Tadashi is trying to ignore. Because he doesn’t want to say something because that would not be normal, and it would lead to more not normal things happening.
It’s weird. He kind of doesn’t want anything to change; he doesn’t want to get any better. It sounds kind of masochistic now he thinks about it, but it is true. Maybe it’s fear for the unknown; he can’t remember a time he didn’t feel low. Perhaps that’s why the thought of being high again feels scary and impossible.
Would he still be the same person without the emptiness in his chest and the swarming thoughts in his mind? If he was boring now then he imagines he would be a whole lot more boring without all that.
It’s worrying, and Tadashi finds himself falling deeper into icy waters.
“Really. What is it?” Tsukishima’s words shake Tadashi a little. They don’t usually say much, if anything, on their walks to and from school – not because they don’t have anything to say to one another, more so because usually, the silence is nice. Tsukishima’s never been one for heaps of words, and Tadashi just likes being in his presence. As cold and deadpan as Tsukishima is, being beside him is comforting. Strange, really, but most things are.
“What do you mean?” he asks but doesn’t really know why.
“Yamaguchi stop avoiding it,” Tsukishima takes his headphones off from his ears and places them around his neck. “Whatever it is.”
“I’m not avoiding it,” Tadashi looks to his shoes. They’re dirty and falling apart and he mentally catalogues that he should really buy some new ones.
“Then you admit that there is something.” Shit.
“I –” he starts but realises that he doesn’t have a rebuttal.
They’ve stopped walking, but Tadashi can’t remember when. Everything feels like a blur as of late. The days merging into one, sentences all sounding the same. Conversations blending into one another.
“Yamaguchi.”
He looks up, “Yeah?”
Tsukishima looks at him with a face he hasn’t seen before.
“Sorry.”
“Why are you apologising?” Now that was new.
“I don’t know.”
Tsukishima sighs and the air around them suddenly feels rather sticky. It’s not a hot day, a cold one if anything, but Tadashi can feel a bead of sweat trickling down his back. He feels sick.
If it were someone other than Tsukishima, he might have been pulled into a hug by now. Shouyou would have, Sugawara probably would have too. He doesn’t know whether he’s glad or if it breaks his heart. He doesn’t know anything.
“I don’t know.”
Tsukishima leans against a wall close-by and gives Tadashi a look that probably means ‘talk’ but could also mean other things, he’s probably just reading things in a way that benefits him. Selfish as always.
“I want to die.” He can’t say why he says it, or where it even comes from because it’s not true. He doesn’t. But now it’s out in the open and he just has to wait for what Tsukishima has to say. He’ll probably be called pathetic, and he braces himself for a punch.
Neither of those things come.
Nothing comes.
There’s just silence. A silence that feels anything but comfortable.
“I don’t know why I said that I’m sorry.”
Tsukishima isn’t looking at him, instead, his gaze is fixated with his fingers he’s pulling at in his lap.
“Do you mean it?” he asks to the ground.
“I don’t know.” He sounds silly.
“You don’t know,” Tsukishima huffs, annoyed.
“Listen Tsukki, just forget I even said it, I’m sorry,” Tadashi feels his heart speed up a fraction.
Tsukishima stands up and sets his gaze (glare) upon Tadashi. “You tell me you want to die and then tell me I should forget about it?”
Tadashi swallows again, harder this time.
“Do you mean it?” he asks again, and Tadashi doesn’t know what to say because this wasn’t supposed to happen, and he hasn’t practised for this conversation.“Tsukki,” and shit his voice is beginning to sound all funny.
“Tell me, Tadashi, do you mean it?”
“Kind of.”
Tsukishima looks annoyed and confused. “Kind of?” he parrots.
Here goes. “Yeah, kind of. I don’t want to die,” he breathes in a shaky breath, “but I also don’t think I’d be too bothered if I happened to get killed or…”
“Or?” Tsukishima pushes, in an uncharacteristic manner.
“No never mind,” Tadashi can’t believe he was going to mention that.
“If you’re going to tell me something, tell me the whole thing, not just half of it,” Tsukishima folds his arms.
Tadashi averts his gaze and squeezes his eyes shut. “Or if I killed myself.”
A car drives by, a dog barks, a bird hawks. Tsukishima says nothing. Tadashi should look at him, should stop looking at the gravel beneath him, should say something else, should –
Tsukishima takes his hand and Tadashi looks up. He looks hurt, a look that Tadashi has not yet become very familiar with. It’s a different kind of hurt from the time in the bleachers in middle school but Tadashi can’t find the right words to describe it. “What?”
“What? You’re asking me what? You say something like that and ask me what?” Tsukishima laughs, although nothing about this seems very funny.
“Sorry,” it's reflexive. Tadashi hangs his head.
“Stop fucking apologising,” he punctuates it by pulling Tadashi by the shoulders and pushing him back to the way albeit as softly (as softly as you can push someone against a wall). “Just shut up for a moment, okay?”
Tadashi nods.
“You expect me to just not care about this? Do you expect me to just go home and forget you told me you want to kill yourself as if it’s nothing?” Tsukishima eyes are cold and harsh, but they’re glassy too and Tadashi wonders somewhere in the back of his mind if he’s going to cry before he does. That would be rather funny (it wouldn’t).
“You –,” he stops for a moment to gather his words, still holding Tadashi’s shoulders against the wall in a vice-like grip. It kind of hurts, but Tadashi deserves it, so he says nothing. “You idiot!”
Tadashi feels the lump in his throat tighten and the feeling in his chest lower. Tsukishima’s eyes are wide with anger? Sadness? Both? Tadashi isn’t totally sure, but it’s scary. However mean Tsukishima is, he’s never angry, intention never fully matching the bite to his words.
“Idiot. You’re my best friend, Tadashi. I know I don’t say it often, but you are, and hearing you say shit like that hurts. Is that too hard to understand?” his grip loosens on Tadashi’s shoulders, and Tadashi could probably pull himself free, but he doesn’t want to. Or maybe he can’t. Maybe he’s too taken aback by Tsukishima’s words, rendering him immobile.
“Why would you –,” his grip is fully gone now, hands hanging by his sides. “Why the fuck would you say something as idiotic as that, let alone think that I wouldn’t be bothered by it. Because I am, if that’s not evident by now.”
Oh, dear. Tadashi is crying. He doesn’t know when he started, but he can feel them; the hot, wet tears that fall freely and make little dark splotches on the pavement below him.
“I’m not going to,” his words are wet and heavy, and it doesn’t really sound like him. He realises he’s averted his gaze again; he hadn’t even meant to, but his eyes are fixated on the floor, watching as the concrete become blurry.
“But you want to?” Tsukishima queries. He pulls a hand through his hair. His expression is unreadable, but his eyes look antsy behind his glasses.
“I mean, no, but also yes. That doesn’t any make sense, I know. I think about it; I think about it a lot, but I don’t think I would ever actually do it. I’m too much of a coward to,” he laughs sadly. “Pretty pathetic right?”
Tsukishima’s gaze turns to a glare once more. “No.”
Tadashi feels his stomach sink again.
“No. It’s absolutely not pathetic to stay alive. You are not pathetic from refraining from killing yourself.”
“Feels like it,” he mumbles.
“Well, it isn’t.”
Tadashi can only nod. The sticky silence washes over the two of them again. Honestly, Tadashi feels rather detached from the situation, his mouth moving faster than his brain. He opens his mouth to apologise again, but quickly clamps it shut. Tsukishima gives him a look of confusion.
“I was going to apologise again,” he explains to the floor.
Tsukishima smiles, though it’s more so sad than happy.
“Well, I guess I should get home now.” They’re not far from the road where they go their different ways, and Tadashi, though no longer crying, feels exhausted from spilling his guts. He just wants to hide under his covers and replay this conversation over and over again until he can recite it in his sleep.
He’s shocked when he feels a pair of arms wrap around him. Tsukishima is hugging him, pulling Tadashi flush into his chest. It’s a little awkward, sure. Tadashi can assume that Tsukishima isn’t well versed in hugging, but that just makes the action tug at his heartstrings even more.
“You’re an idiot,” Tsukishima says into Tadashi’s hair. “If you think I’m just going to let you go home after this then you’re sorely mistaken.”
Tadashi goes to retaliate, “But –”
“No buts. You’re staying at my house tonight.”
Tadashi doesn’t have it in him to fight it. Plus, something inside him that isn’t the self-deprecating and self-destructive part of him is glad that he doesn’t have to be alone. So, he nods, and they walk in a silence that is only marginally more comfortable than the one before. Tadashi presumes that Tsukishima still has more to ask him. His face is an amalgamation of worry and unrest, and it looks foreign and wrong. Tsukishima is worried because of him. Something about this makes Tadashi feel sick all over again.
It’s not long before they reach the Tsukishima residence: the house is empty, Akiteru is away from Miyagi, and Tsukishima’s mother stays late for work – it’s just the two of them. This should calm Tadashi, but for some reason it makes him feel ever so tense.
“Do you want anything to drink?” Tsukishima asks him as he opens the fridge.
“No, I’m fine.”
Tsukishima hands him a glass of water a few moments later anyway.
“Are you going to make me talk about it?” he asks.
“Only if you want to.”
Tadashi nods. Does he? He’s not sure. He knows he should talk about it, but on the other hand what is there to talk about? He wants to die. Big deal. He’s not actually going to die. Though, he realises, Tsukishima doesn’t look convinced.
“I mean it when I say I won’t do anything.”
Tsukishima looks like he wants to believe Tadashi. “You wouldn’t say something like that if you weren’t at least considering it a little bit.”
That’s true. “Yeah, you’re probably right,” he sighs. “But I always find something to stop me from… going through with those thoughts… so I mean it. I’m not going to… do it.”
Tsukishima takes a shaky breath, “Please talk to me when – if you feel like doing something drastic.” It’s probably a given anyway, but hearing Tsukishima say it alleviates a little worry from Tadashi’s shoulders. He knows that he won't actually bother anyone by asking to talk, but that doesn’t stop him from feeling as though he will. It’s rather annoying really, the fact that he understands he’s being rash and stupid and that none of what he thinks is actually true, but he just can’t help but think it anyway.
They’re sat on Tsukishima’s bed now, a film playing on the TV in the background, though he’s sure that neither of them is focusing fully on it.
He feels a whole lot more comfortable than he did earlier (both physically and figuratively), though he still feels a queasy feeling squirming slightly in the pit of his stomach.
“Kei, I’m sorry,” he decides to break the silence.
“Oh? First name basis are we now?”
Tadashi laughs. “Shut up.” Though it holds no mean intent.
“You know I do care about you. I don’t know what I would do with myself if you did something like that.”
“Yeah…”
“I’m serious, idiot. I care about you, probably a little too much, and I apologise if I don’t make it as obvious as I should.”
“No, don’t put any sort of blame on yourself, Tsukki.”
“I’m not blaming myself,” Tsukishima says, “No one holds any blame in issues like this. I shouldn’t blame myself, but neither should you. The mind can just be really mean sometimes.”
“Yeah, you’re probably right.”
“I know I’m right, I’m never wrong, Tsukishima smiles, and this time when Tadashi smiles he doesn’t feel that terrible weight on his chest, and he can kid himself for a while that everything will be okay.

Blood Feud
Book 2: 
  Descent
Part V: honesty.

The morning after Peter’s freak out brought a new sense of meaning and determination for Harry. All his worries from the day before seemed irrelevant now; displaced by feelings of guilt and frustration for not realizing how much his younger brother had been suffering through and how preventable it had all been. But things were going to get better now. Ben and May were taking Peter to his very first therapy session that very afternoon with Tony Stark footing the bill so that Norman, who kept a keen eye on their expenses, wouldn’t get wind of it. It was a bit weird, but whatever, at least Peter was starting to get the help that he needed and whilst Harry still wasn’t too sure about Stark he could at least understand that the men seemed to really care about him and his brothers, for whatever reason.
Harry had plans of his own that day. One of the things Peter had asked him for was to sort things out with Mary-Jane and Johnny and soon. Easier said than done, but Harry wasn’t going to be in the business of not giving Peter what he wanted anytime soon. The teenager sighed and rested a hand behind his head as he stared up at the ceiling of his bedroom the next morning, trying to think of how exactly he was going to confess his true feelings to Mary-Jane and not completely humiliate himself. Ironically, it was usually Johnny he would turn to in moments like this but given that Johnny had confessed his own feelings of love for Harry the last time they’d seen one another, that clearly wasn’t an option.
He also knew that after everything he had told Johnny and that Johnny had seen, his best friend was not going to be pleased with him for doing that news conference with his father the previous week. Harry couldn’t help but re-play the last words the boys had spoken to one another back in Washington over and over again. How he was always taking from Johnny and giving nothing back in return, how Johnny loved him but found it hard to be around him because of how fucked up he was, and he knew that it couldn’t be on him to just approach Johnny because he wanted him again. It had to come from Johnny himself.
“Penny for ‘em?” May asked from the bedroom door, “You look as if you’re deep in thought there, baby”
“Just agonizing over my messy social life” Harry replied with a smirk, “May, I think I really might be really bad at not pissing people off and driving them away.”
“Nonsense!” May declared with a smile, “You’ve got your own little gravitational pull when it comes to people. They’re forever flocking to you.”
“Don’t seem to be able to make them stay, do I?” Harry asked, “Neither of my best friends are really talking to me and it’s all my own fault.”
May sighed and sat herself down on the edge of Harry’s bed and placed a hand on his knee, looking at him with concern.
“I’m sure it’s not all your fault, baby” she told him, “You’re too nice to ever hurt anyone you care about intentionally. Whatever’s happened between you and Johnny and Mary-Jane won’t just be your fault.”
“I wouldn’t be too sure about that” Harry replied. Mary-Jane had clearly been hurt and angry when she found out he’d slept with Marguerite a few weeks before, and Harry hadn’t exactly stopped and kept himself celibate since. How would she ever be able to trust him and be with him in the way he wanted her to be, and he hoped she wanted to be, when his reputation was increasingly becoming that of someone who slept around with loads of girls and then never called them back. “D’you ever feel like you just fuck up everything you do?”
May smirked.
“More than you know, sweetheart” she replied with a smile and bopped him on his nose. He scrunched it a little but couldn’t really deny it had helped him feel better. “Every day since we got custody of you guys, I’ve felt that way.”
Harry shot up from his laying position and gave her an incredulous look.
“Are you serious? Are you high right now?” he snapped, “How the hell can you feel like you’re not doing a good job with us? You’re brilliant, you’re fucking wonderful. We’d all be so, so, so fucked up if you weren’t around, May. You’ve done-“
“OK, big guy, calm down” May interrupted with a good natured laugh, patting a hand on his knee, “I know I’ve done a good job, and Ben has too. But I bet hearing me say that when you so obviously know the opposite is true was really, really, really frustrating.”
“You’re good” Harry conceded with a smile, “I’m pleased you have so much faith in me, May, but I don’t think I’m going to prove you right this time. Mary-Jane and me were so, so close and then I went and slept with three people behind her back.”
May sighed and ran her hand through Harry’s hair.
“Whilst I’m going to pretend that you don’t have a sex life after we’ve finished having this conversation, I do think you’re being too hard on yourself here and underestimating Mary-Jane” May said softly, “It’s not like you were exclusively dating or anything before you went and made those choices. You were a free agent. If she’s hurt, it’s because she has feelings for you and is upset that you might be looking elsewhere. You just need to persuade her that’s not the case and well, seems to me like you’re pretty passionate about not doing that.”
Harry sighed and smiled back at her. It seemed to be ridiculous to be worrying about what Mary-Jane felt about this when he had so many bigger, darker skeletons in his closet and was still coming to terms with them all, but here he was. He never planned on letting Mary-Jane find out all that stuff. May helped him raise his spirits so much, and he wasn’t so sure that he’d keep up the same positive energy between now and actually arriving at Mary-Jane’s doorstep in an hours’ time.
“Yes, I’ll take you” she said sweetly.
“How did you-?”
“Because I am amazing at this” May said with a laugh as she stood up, “Come on, it can be quite a drive from here to Queens and I wanna get back to take Peter to his therapy appointment this afternoon. Oh, and we’ll have to bring your sister with us. You know how much she hates it when she doesn’t get to go in the car when someone else does.”
Harry rolled his eyes and smiled.
“Now, get yourself changed and into something nice” May said from his doorway, “Because right now you look like a grunge rocker from 1991.”
“That’s what she’s into” Harry said with a shrug, though he hadn’t at all been meaning to dress that way, “She’s like….in love with Kurt Cobain and River Phoenix.”
“Sounds like me and her will get on” May grinned, “Well change, don’t change, it’s up to you just get your ass downstairs and in that car in the next twenty minutes.”
She patted him on the knee before leaving the room. Feeling a bit lighter, Harry fired Mary-Jane a text telling her he’d be along soon and hopped in the shower. By the time he was done, he walked out of his En-suite to find Harley waiting for him on his bed, reading through a comic book as if the bedroom was his own.
“If you’re gonna hang out in my room, get your dirty ass shoes off of my bed spread” Harry told his little brother as he made his way to his wardrobe to pick out a shirt, “Why are you in here anyway?”
“Dunno” Harley shrugged, “Kinda bored, and Peter’s taking Abbie out for a walk because he won’t get to see her otherwise today or something-“
“And I’m third best” Harry smirked.
“No!” Harley said quickly, blushing, “No, I-I love you all of you the same-“
“Chill out, I was kidding” Harry said with a laugh, “OK, if you were trying to persuade a girl who you like and who you know likes you but you were an idiot and slept around behind her back that you’re going to fully commit to her and keep your dick in your pants, would you wear a maroon polo or a blue button-down-“
“I’m 12-“
“That’s not helping me” Harry continued.
“You look good in everything…..if that helps” Harley volunteered, “So are you going to ask Mary-Jane to be your girlfriend?”
“In a round about way” Harry replied, “Yeah, I suppose that is the Disney Channel way of saying it”
“I don’t watch Disney Channel” Harley argued.
“Sure, bud” Harry said with a smirk. He decided on the blue-button down and spent some time making sure his hair was just right. Mary-Jane might not have cared whether he was dressed up for her or not, but he did. He liked it for him. That had been one of the many benefits of befriending Johnny Storm, who had always taken great pleasure in his appearance and had encouraged Harry to do the same.
Johnny. Another fine mess Harry had created, but that would have to be for another day, and on Johnny’s terms.
Harry just hoped it was soon. He missed Johnny a lot.
“Will I do?” he asked once he was finally ready, turning around to show a still present Harley the final product, “Does this scream faithful, committed boyfriend.”
“Maybe if your top three buttons were done up-“
“I’m not a monk, Harley” Harry replied, “Maybe you’re the wrong person for me to be asking, you’ve never even had a girlfriend.”
“As far as you know” Harley said snarkily under his breath as he turned a page in his comic and casually reached for one of the cookies Harry had on a plate by his bed. Harry smiled as he watched his youngest brother eat it without issue, though he didn’t want to say anything and make it into a thing.
“Oh yeah, something that I need to know, kiddo?” Harry asked, “I can normally rely on Peter to pass on big news like this to me, he must be slipping”
“What makes you think I’d tell Peter?”
“Cos you tell Peter everything”
“Not….everything….”
Harry rolled his eyes and decided that Harley’s pre-pubescent love-life was a topic better discussed at another time. He looked himself up and down in the mirror and assessed that he looked really, really good and smiled at himself; somehow feeling better than he had done in months despite the nerves he felt over seeing Mary-Jane.
“Good luck, I guess?” Harley said, “I like Mary-Jane and even though she’s probably totally out of your league, I really like her and I think that you guys would make a good couple.”
“Thanks, Harls” Harry replied, pulling his little brother into a hug, and kissing him on top of the head before he turned towards the door, “And yes, you have total permission to carry on hanging out in your third favourite siblings room for the rest of the day if you want”
Harley rolled his eyes.
With a grin on his face and a slight spring in his step, Harry left his room and headed downstairs where he found Ben, Peter and Abbie in the kitchen having just returned from their walk.
“Looking fresh kiddo, which hearts are you trying to break today?” Ben said with a whistle when his eyes landed on Harry.
“Kind of the opposite” Harry said brightly, “I’m going to Queens to tell Mary-Jane I love her and that I’m not some man-whore who sleeps around behind her back after kissing her. May’s driving, wish me luck!”
“Whoa, whoa, whoa” Peter said suddenly as he reached for Harry’s arm and stopped him in his tracks, “May’s meant to be coming with me to therapy”
“Peter, don’t worry” Harry replied as he lifted up Abbie, who had become predictably restless when she’d heard the word ‘driving’, and put a comforting hand on Peter’s shoulder, “We’ll totally be back in time for May to drive you to therapy as well. She is wonder woman, after all.”
*
“Oh, we are so not getting back in time for me to take Peter to therapy” May bemoaned as she, Harry and Abbie finally arrived at Mary-Jane’s home some fifty minutes later after getting stuck in the worst traffic jam that had delayed them for thirty minutes. It had done little to help Harry’s growing anticipation as they approached, he wasn’t exactly nervous, but he was jittery and just needed to speak to her as quickly as possible.
He did feel bad that he’d deprived Peter of May’s presence during his first therapy with his teen drama bullshit, but he was still with Ben and Ben was the best person ever at keeping someone calm in stressful and unexpected situations.
“Peter will be OK, he has Ben with him” Harry assured her with a deep breath, “Thanks so much for driving me here.”
“Glad too, honey” May said, “Will you be OK getting the train back? I’m going to at least try and get to Peter’s session if I can.”
“Yeah, I’ll be fine doing that” Harry replied as he leaned across to give May a kiss on the cheek and squeezed Abbie’s hand as she sat giddily in her car seat, as always excited to just be in the car, “Do I still look good?”
“You’re so good-looking it’s kind of annoying” May told him, “I’m sure you’re going to knock her socks off when she sees you.”
Harry smiled before climbing out of the car and taking a deep breath. He was relieved when he heard May pull away, as much as he appreciated her driving him to Mary-Jane’s house, he hadn’t really wanted her to watch him make an ass of himself. Straightening out his shirt, Harry knocked on Mary-Jane’s door and took a deep breath. Her father answered. Another reason Harry was grateful May had driven off before she saw him get to the door, Harry was almost repulsed by the site of him.
The man stood in a wife-beater, messy haired with what must have been at least his fifth beer of the day in his arms judging by the smell of him. He was chewing on tobacco and gave Harry a snide look up and down before nodding.
“Rich boy” he said pointing the beer glass at Harry, “That girl think she’s so above the rest of us.”
Rage boiled inside Harry. He’d known that Mary-Jane’s father hadn’t been the nicest of guys for a while, and he wished he could do more to help her out, but hearing the man use him as a stick to bash her with made him feel angrier than he had done since the last time he saw his own father in person. His fists clenched for a second and briefly he was sorely tempted to just lay into the sorry state of the man in front of him but then Ben’s voice echoed through his head and told him to keep cool. And if there was one thing that Harry Osborne had become decidedly good at in the last year it was suppressing the desire to break his own father’s neck, so resisting it for someone else’s didn’t seem like too big of a deal.
Plus, his hair and his shirt looked really good and he didn’t want to mess it up.
“Mr. Watson” he said lightly, painting on his trademark charming smile in his warmest tone of voice, everything short of extending a hand for the man to shake, “I was hoping Mary-Jane would be able to come for a walk. We have some things to discuss.”
“She’s in” Mr. Watson replied as he took another sip of beer, “To be honest, it might be good for her to get outta my way for a while. There’s a game on. I like it loud, she don’t.”
Harry nodded through gritted teeth.
“Yeah, I was thinking about maybe buying lunch for us both” he replied.
“Mr. Money-Bags” Mr. Watson replied, glancing at Harry’s full form once again only this time decidedly less suspiciously, “I suppose she could do worse. Good-looking rich boy. Maybe she’s not as stupid as I thought.”
“Right” Harry said, flashing probably the fakest smile he’d ever done, “Well, I’ll just wait until she-“
Luckily, Mary-Jane appeared from behind her father right at that moment and flashed Harry a quick smile before shyly ducking out beneath her father’s arm. Harry almost expected her father to call after her a curfew time as they were walking away but he’d shut the door almost the second Harry had turned around to follow Mary-Jane.
“Hey” he said softly as she carried on walking ahead of him without looking back, “Hey, MJ, stop.”
“Just-just give me a minute before I turn around” she asked, “We had a big fight just before you arrived and well-I look a bit like a baby panda right now and-well, just give me a second to make myself look at least half-way presentable.”
“Would it help if I told you I always think you’re beautiful no matter what?” Harry offered with a grin, “You could’ve come storming out there with a zit the size of Jupiter on your forehead, or a third leg, and it wouldn’t bother me.”
To his eternal relief, MJ did smile at that, and then turned around and faced him. He smiled and blushed. She looked beautiful. He could tell that she’d put some time into making herself look nice and he wanted to kick her dumb stupid father’s ass even more for ruining apparently seconds before he arrived. That traffic had a lot to answer for.
“You’re a charmer” she said with an eye-roll, “But you have some serious explaining to do.”
“I know, Marguerite was-“
“Oh no, I didn’t mean that” Mary-Jane smirked, “Who you choose to sleep with whilst you’re a free agent is none of my concern.”
“Not when it was the same day I kissed you” he sighed, “…Anyway, if not that, then what serious explaining do I need to do?”
“Johnny?” she replied, “The fact that he confessed his undying love for you and all you’ve done since is ignoring him. He’s a wreck, Harry. And it’s not fair.”
Harry faltered. Mary-Jane shrugged and carried on walking.
*
“Yo, why is Ben pacing so bad?” Harley asked Peter as he walked back into the living room at the townhouse, having just seen a distressed looking Ben Parker pace up and down the foyer on the phone, “Ben never panics or paces…..did someone declare nuclear war whilst I was reading Archie comics?”
“No” Peter replied with a smirk, “May’s just running late from dropping Harry off in Queens and she’s probably going to miss taking me to my first therapy session and Ben’s freaking out because for some reason he thinks I’ll freak out if it’s just me and him.”
Harley frowned and sat down next to his big brother.
“Ben’s kinda dumb sometimes” he said.
“Tell me about it” Peter said dryly as Ben walked back into the living room having just hung up his cellphone, “Ben, I’m fine.”
“I know, I know you are” Ben replied somewhat breathlessly, “I’m just….this is a big thing, Peter, and I wanted May here to make sure that you’re all settled and calm and that you know that it’s all fine and safe-“
“You’ve been head of security our whole entire lives, Ben” Peter smirked, “I’m pretty sure there’s no one I feel safer around than you.”
Ben nodded.
“This is different” he explained.
“It’s really not” Peter sighed as he got up and grabbed his jacket, “The only way you’re not helping me is by freaking out that you’re not going to be able to help me. Haven’t you ever noticed that we all only ever freak out when you freak out?”
Ben nodded and patted Peter on the back before grabbing his car keys. He stopped in his tracks and looked back at Harley.
“Come on, kid” he gestured.
“Me? Why?” asked Harley.
“Cos I can’t leave you home alone” Ben smirked, “You’re only 12. I’m pretty sure it’s against the law and, no offence, but given your recent propensity for blowing up microwaves-“
“-Only four!”
“Four? When did you get a fourth-anyway, point is, May and I have decided that until you get over this little….blowing shit up phase, you can’t be left home on your own” Ben explained.
Harley frowned.
“This is bogus!” he moaned, “I don’t wanna go anywhere today, and I definitely don’t wanna wait all afternoon in some stuffy office-“
Peter smirked. Harley had been coming out of his shell a lot more lately and had taken a particular interest in scientific experiments. It was nice. Peter enjoyed working on stuff with Harley and was hoping that Ben and May would eventually let them use some of the labs down at Oscorp to do some bigger ones. Sadly, that was unlikely to happen given that every time Harley was left alone with an experiment, he ended blowing whatever he was using up. They had kept the fourth microwave a secret from Ben and Harry was going to replace it through a friend of a friend.
“Harley, I’m sorry bud, but it’s non-negotiable and we need to get going or Peter’s going to miss his appointment” Ben sighed, “I promise I’ll make it up to you after. We can go and get ice cream from that place on fifth you all like so much.”
Peter shot Harley an apologetic smile which made the younger brother feel slightly guilty as he knew today was an important day for Peter and he wasn’t exactly going out of his way to make it easier for him.
“Sorry, Harls” he whispered.
“Don’t be” Harley sighed, “If I blame anyone for this it’s Harry for being a slut.”
They got their jackets on and headed out. Ben’s car was now parked just outside of their house since they’d managed to get more security clearance and there was now at least three guards on patrol at all times making sure no paparazzi got to close to the kids. It was only when he reached the car door that Peter whipped around with a smile on his face, his eyes gleaming in the way they only did when he’d come up with a plan.
“Harley can stay here!” he announced.
“Oh can he now?” Ben sighed as he stopped dead in his tracks, “God, please don’t tell me that even you’re undermining my authority as well now, Peter. That’s a low level to have sunk to. Maybe I should start reading those parenting books Beck somehow keeps sending me from prison-still not sure how he’s managing that-“
“Don’t think of it as me undermining your authority” Peter said with a grin, “Just think of it as me coming up with a solution that works best for everyone. Especially Harley. Who, as we’ve established, is the most important person here.”
“Negligible” Ben said with a fond smile as he looked down at a now frowning and confused looking Harley, “And please tell me what this grand plan is?”
“Obviously, he thinks I’m mature enough to stay home on my own” Harley piped up.
“Get him a sitter!” Peter interjected immediately causing Harley to develop an entirely new scowl Ben didn’t think he’d ever seen the youngster wear before, “And have one of the guards watch him until they arrive. That way, Harley doesn’t have to come with us and he won’t technically be home on his own.”
“I don’t need a sitter” Harley argued.
“Tell that to May’s juice blender” Peter retorted.
“You broke the juice blender?”
“That thing was ancient” Harley sighed, “And for God’s sake, it’s not as if I was going to come up with some new concoction the second you were all gone.”
Ben gave him an exasperated look before turning back to Peter who was still looking vaguely smug and, terrifyingly, a little devious as he leaned against the car with his arms folded.
“OK, I can live with the idea of getting him a sitter” Ben said as he put an arm around Harley’s shoulders and pulled him in for a half-hug. The younger squirmed for a second before relaxing into it, as he always did, “I’m beginning to think our time might be better spent just literally sitting on him to keep him away from electrical appliances, but who can we call at such short notice who can get here right away?”
Peter’s smug smile grew even larger.
“Oh, I think I know the perfect person” he said.
*
Harry sat down next to Mary-Jane on the park bench she’d adorned herself on after they’d walked in relative silence for the next ten minutes. Harry felt a little stupid, he’d guessed that he probably should have seen this coming. He knew he’d fucked up things with Mary-Jane and he knew he’d fucked up things with Johnny but for some reason – which he could only guess was because deep down he was a horrible selfish person – he hadn’t consider that the two may have confided in one another about him when he wasn’t around and therefore shared the same frustrations. It was like double the work. He had to convince both of them now that he wasn’t some ponce rich fuck boy who slept around and that he wasn’t creeped out by his male best friend having a crush on him, he just didn’t know how to make sure Johnny didn’t feel lead on and lead to further heartbreak.
And, in typical Mary-Jane fashion, she seemed much more aggrieved by the thing that didn’t directly affect or hurt her.
“I handled it badly” Harry said after a few seconds of silence, “I’m not denying that but MJ, he was so….so sad and resigned when I shot him down and I-I just can’t allow myself to be the person who drives him to that state. It felt awful.”
MJ bit on her lip for a second before turning to face him directly.
“Can I be blunt?” she asked.
“Err, I guess” Harry replied, though he dreaded whatever she was about to say next. Hearing how much he sucked was something he knew he’d have to deal with today, but that didn’t make it easier regardless.
“I think you need to get over yourself a little” she said, “And I don’t mean that in that you’re a selfish or bad person, Harry, but you have a tendency to assume the world and the lives of everyone around you revolves around what you’re thinking and what you’re assuming. Have you ever considered that the reason Johnny’s avoiding you is because he’s embarrassed. It’s not some Greek tragedy where he’s going to die from a broken heart if he sees you and can’t have you.”
That…..stung.
But she was wrong.
“MJ, you weren’t there” Harry sighed, “When he told me, the way he was, the things he said and how he said them. He wanted space so he could get used to the fact that he loves me in a way-a way that I can never love him. I don’t want distance between us, and I know that I should have told him to stay but I was fucked at the time. Beck had just been arrested and my dad was-well, I won’t go into that-“
Mary-Jane closed her eyes and took a deep breath.
“I err-I didn’t know that” she admitted with a shaky breath, “He just told me that you guys weren’t talking and-God, I really just-“
“Assumed I’d been an ass?” Harry finished for her with a bitter chuckle, “Well, I was. Kinda. He told me he loved me and then I immediately went all no-homo and told him that I did love him but like I love Harls and Pete. That wasn’t cool.”
“I’m sorry” she said, fiddling her hands, “I shouldn’t have-“
“It’s cool, don’t worry, it’s far from the worst thing you could think of me” he assured her and took her hands in his, “I fucked up with Johnny because I let him get too close and then crushed all his dreams in one fail swoop. But it didn’t go down how you think it did. It wasn’t just some clumsy attempted kiss, he did tell me he loves me, and he did tell me he wanted space so he could get over me.”
“There’s a lot of people who could do with that” MJ replied tearfully.
Again…..ouch.
“You?” he asked tentatively, feeling as if they were about to get to the crux of the issue, “Is that how you feel?”
“D’you even need me to tell you how I feel about you?” she asked with a laugh, “Does your ego need the boost? Both your best friends….in love with you, not many guys can say that, can they?”
“I don’t need to hear it” Harry replied with a smile, “Cos if it’s anything close to the way I feel about you, then nothing could really put it into words. And that’s what this was all about wasn’t it? Reading the situation with Johnny wrong? A way to be annoyed at me for sleeping around? A way to avoid admitting that that did hurt you?”
Mary-Jane dropped her hands from his and almost turned away. She took a deep breath and flicked her hair back before staring back out across the pond. Harry turned so he could mirror her position. Clearly, this wasn’t a moment she felt she could look him in the eyes and he understood that. He’d be scared of seeing what lay beneath them as well. God, he hoped that she didn’t know him as well as he knew her. Could she see all that darkness? That pain? That anger? Maybe she did love him, but could she ever trust him?
“I love you” she said after a minute or so, “That’s an undeniable fact, Harry. I love you. I love you for the same reasons that everyone who gets to know you loves you. But I don’t know if I can trust you. I don’t know if I can trust you be the person that I need you to be for me.”
“And who is that person?” he asked, “Because I could sit here and pledge to you that I will be but I think we both know how…..fucked up I am, what my limitations are, and I’d hate for us to give this a shot and for it all to go to hell.”
Her hand lingered back across and gripped on to his.
“The person I need you to be” she began, “Is different from the person I want you to be. Because I do want you, Harry. Just the way you are. There’s nothing about you I don’t like but there’s a lot I can’t trust. You’re so….unpredictable, mysterious, like there’s always something ticking away in your head and I can never get to it.”
And that was just it. Maybe they were doomed. Because relationships were built on honesty and from the get-go, Harry knew that if they did get together then he would never be able to be totally honest with her. How could he ever even begin to tell Mary-Jane that he was a cold blooded murderer? That he had taken a man’s life with his own hands and had been covering it up for over two years? The secret was like a cancer. No matter what Ben said, he knew that this would be something that would follow him around and affect every single aspect of his life until he took his dying breath.
The fact that Mary-Jane knew there was something showed how well she knew him, and if he did get closer to her, it would only be a matter of time before she found the real truth.
“Do you need to?” he asked quietly, more to himself than her.
“Yes” she said testily, “My parents keep secrets from one another and look at the state of their marriage. Hell, look at your own. Relationships mean nothing if you can’t trust the person you’re meant to be sharing your life with.”
“Do you trust that I would never hurt you? Not intentionally?” Harry asked weakly, close to tears but determined not to let them fall.
She paused. Harry closes his eyes expecting the worst.
“I do” she said, “You’re one of the kindest, most fiercely loyal people I’ve ever met and I know you would rather die than hurt someone you love. But you did hurt me, Harry. I know I talked a good game about not caring about her….but, I did. I was heartbroken when I found out. I’m not ashamed to say that I want you for myself.”
Harry laughed at that.
“Well, I am yours, if you do want me” he replied, “I can’t promise that I won’t disappear into myself sometimes and I can’t promise that because of my Dad and who he is, that there’s never going to be stuff I can’t tell you, but please trust that I will never intentionally hurt you and I will never, ever, ever put you in harm’s way.”
Maybe he was just a selfish person. He knew he’d never be able to fully honest with her, never able to give her the comfort and security that she craved, and yet here he was pledging half promises to her anyway. But she loved him. And she knew that he would never hurt her, and maybe that was enough….for now. And maybe Ben and May were right and he couldn’t let what he did to an animal like Steven Westcott define the rest of his life. His Mom would tell him to find happiness where he could and he knew that happiness for him was Mary-Jane Watson. She was like a beacon in the dark. And then she kissed him. And then it began to rain.
“Under the bridge” she said breathlessly as she linked their fingers, “Let’s get under the bridge.”
*
Peter’s hands were clammy as he and Ben sat waiting in the office. May and Abbie were still caught in horrendous traffic on their way back in to Manhattan and whilst Peter had assured Ben that he never felt safter than when he was around him, there was a part of him who desperately wanted May to be with him as well. The idea of going into that office and telling a stranger all of the messed up stuff that was going on inside of his head was something he’d put off thinking about until right now, and now he was terrified. Ben had sensed this and was sitting next to Peter with a comforting hand on his back, rubbing circles into it the way his Mom and May had always done to calm him down. It was working, somewhat. Ben’s hands were rougher and bigger but they did the job.
“She’s gonna think I’m crazy” he breathed, “She’s gonna think I’m like totally off my rocker and like commit me to an asylum or something-“
“No, she’s not Pete” Ben replied softly, “Nothing big is even going to happen today. She said on the phone that today’s just about the two of you getting to know one another, you’re not going to just jump straight into the big stuff.”
“But we will eventually” Peter moaned in response, “We will eventually and then she’s for sure going to lock me away, and she’ll probably think I’m like a sociopath or whatever for lying to her and making it seem like I am OK.”
“You’re panicking” Ben said patiently, “You were fine in the car, what changed?”
“We arrived” Peter replied with a bitter smirk, “We arrived and then it was all suddenly very real and very right now.”
“Peter, nothing bad is going to happen to you” Ben tried to assure him, “You know I won’t let that happen.”
“Bad stuff did happen to me though” Peter murmured.
“I know it did” Ben sighed, “And it’s the biggest regret of my life that I wasn’t able to protect you from h-it, and I wish more than anything that I could go back in time and make things different for you but I can’t so the next best thing is helping you heal, and this will help you heal.”
Peter nodded. He understood but there was just so much. So much that he could say that could cause some real damage.
“Aren’t you scared that I’ll-you know, say something I shouldn’t?” he asked Ben turning to look up at him.
“Like what?”
“You know what” Peter whispered back.
“He’s dead, Pete” Ben replied heavily, “As far as you and I and everyone else is concerned, my brother is dead and that’s the way it is.”
“But he-“
“Peter, buddy, I love you so much” Ben sighed, “And I know that the last thing you would ever want to do is lie and be dishonest but-“
“I have to be” Peter snapped, “Because it’s for the best or whatever-“
“No” Ben replied testily, “Well, yes, it’s better for all parties concerned if that specific truth never reaches the light of day. Better for him. Better for us. Certainly better for you. But forgetting him and all he did is…well, it’s part of healing, Pete”
“But I’m healing from what he did to me” Peter shot back, “The nightmares and the jitters, they’re all from what he and my Dad did to me for years. How can I heal from that when you’re saying I can’t even talk about it?”
“I never said that” Ben replied calmly, “Knowing what only you and I know about my brother isn’t what’s traumatized you, Peter. You can still talk about what he did to you but in everyone else’s eyes he’s dead, and that’s how he should be in yours as well.”
“So what? I just speak about him the past tense and everything will be fine” Peter scoffed, “I don’t get this, don’t you miss him? He was your brother; don’t you want him back? Maybe we could-“
“No, Peter” Ben continued, “Even if there was away, I wouldn’t want him back. I can’t ever forgive him for what he did to you.”
“Oh” Peter said pointedly as he grasped his own hands again, “I, err-“
“I’ve let him go, Peter” Ben carried on, “I am the only person in the world who had something to lose when Richard Parker died…and I don’t feel any sense of loss. My life is better off without him in it. So I am telling you….treat him like he really has gone. Because all he is and all he ever will be to you now is a relic of the past.”
Peter nodded.
“Sorry” he muttered.
Ben sighed and pulled the kid in for a hug, kissing the top of that curly chestnut hair as Peter smiled and wrapped his arms around his waist. It was almost time for Peter’s session to begin and Ben knew the kid was on edge, and he’d be lying if he said he wasn’t a little worried that Peter’s overwhelming sense of good and truth might mean he’d end up saying something that would bring the twisted house of cards tumbling down. But he refused to hold that against Peter, who was just a child and needed to heal, and if his path to healing meant Ben had to face some consequences for the things he’d covered up then so be it.
No one was more important than Peter.
They both stood up when the therapists door open and Ben felt Peter gasp in surprise along with him when Johnny Storm came out of it, walking uncharacteristically shyly and without a hint of his usual bravado. The teenager stopped dead in his tracks when he saw them. He was pale, thinner than he had been when Ben last saw him and was wearing a very warm looking grey hoodie despite it being the middle of summer.
“Same time next week, Johnathan” the therapist said warmly as she gave Johnny a pat on the arm, but he couldn’t take his eyes off of Ben or Peter, “I was pleased with your progress today. I’ll call Reed some time this week to arrange him and your sister coming to sit in on the next session. I think you’re ready. Ah, Mr. Parker! Just bear with me, I’ll be back out for Peter in a few minutes.”
She closed the door behind her and Johnny winced slightly.
“I’m err-not doing too hot” he explained shakily, his hands more jittery than Peter’s, “Reed and Sue should be here to p-pick me up by now.”
“Crazy traffic, kid” Ben said warmly. It hurt to see Johnny, who had been the source of so much laughter and joy in their home over the past year, so downbeat and vulnerable looking and the paternal instincts that Ben had never wanted to embrace when he was younger were now out in full fighting force for Johnny as well as Mary’s kids.
“Oh, right” Johnny replied before his eyes settled on Peter who seemed routed to the spot in some kind of trance, “H-Hey Pete, how was your birthday? Sorry I didn’t make it but like I s-said, not doing too hot.”
“Fine” Peter replied with a gulp, “…..We really miss you, Johnny.”
“Yeah?” Johnny said back quietly as he wiped his nose with his sleeve, “Yeah, cos I really miss you guys too.”
Ben could tell Peter had a million and one questions to ask Johnny about why he never came over to hang out with them anymore but he didn’t know how to ask them. Ben was a little confused about the situation himself but both Harry and May had been quite coy on the details and he knew not to push it any further, especially not with Harry. But he couldn’t deny that he did miss Johnny’s warm and funny presence around the house.
“Whatever Harry did I’m sure he’s sorry” Peter offered weakly, which did seem to make Johnny laugh if only a little.
“For once your dumbass brother didn’t do anything wrong” he replied, “This was all down to me and I’ll-when I’m ready, I’ll be back around. Hopefully.”
“Johnny, you are always welcome at ours” Ben told him. Johnny blinked a few times and nodded before sitting himself down as the therapist, Grace, came back out of her office and smiled at Peter.
Peter looked up at Ben, almost as if he wanted to ask the man to come in with him.
“Are you ready, Peter?” Grace asked kindly, “Your Uncle Ben can come in with you in a few minutes, but I’d like to us to get the chance to know one another on our own for a while first, if that’s OK?”
“I guess” Peter mumbled.
“Grace is the best, Pete” Johnny said warmly from where he’d sat down, “And I promise you’ll be absolutely fine.”
Peter nodded and then followed Grace into the room. Ben looked at Johnny and smiled, awed by how the teenager had managed to accomplish in seconds what he’d been trying to for weeks.
*
“Kid, I’m not saying your potato gun isn’t impressive” Tony Stark said as he felt himself powering through a stress headache, “I’m just saying maybe we could look at something else for a little while. For the sake of the windows if nothing else.”
“I’ve only hit one!” Harley Osborne moaned, “And it’s not even like it shattered the whole entire thing, and you have guys coming over to fix it.”
“I do” Tony sighed, “But I can only call in so many favors from Rhodey a month before he starts charging me.”
“You’re a billionaire”
“He doesn’t charge me money, kid” Tony smirked, “He charges me in full blown, real adult, conversations about feelings and progress and honesty. It’s revolting.”
“Talking about your feelings is bad?” Harley asked.
“Not for you” Tony said quickly, aware that his three nephews who didn’t know they were his nephews were like him and sat in the hall of fame of poster children for childhood trauma and that was without finding out they were related to him yet, “For you and your brothers, it’s very important, it’s the most important. I can’t think of anything else more important.”
Harley frowned.
“Well if it’s that important for us, it’s gotta be at least a little important for you” he reasoned with a shrug, “Especially cos, and no offence, but sometimes you seem like you’re a little lost in the clouds.”
Tony sighed. He’d be damned if he was going to get emotionally bested by a twelve year old, but here he was getting emotionally bested by a twelve year old.
“Stop deflecting from taking responsibility for the malpractice of your potato themed weaponry, kid” he said with a smirk, “Now, let’s do something that isn’t going to destroy yet another window or microwave.”
Harley sighed and followed Tony over to the dining room table where he had found a model plane kit a few minutes earlier. The twelve year old looked unimpressed and uninspired as Tony opened the box and began to carefully read the instruction manual.
“You made yourself an iron suit to fight crime in and you’re seriously reading instructions about how to put together a god damn paper aeroplane?” Harley surmised sounding thoroughly bored.
“I wanna make sure we do it right” Tony replied
“I’m going to tell Newsweek you’re really boring and getting old” Harley shot back, “This is an old man’s idea of fun.”
“Shut up and glue” Tony said brightly as he passed Harley the tools needed to make the planes, “And I’m not old, I’m just helping you realize that boom-crash is fun and all, but if you want to really make the best designs to life you need to practice at precision, patience and attention to deal.”
Harley frowned.
“That’s not as fun” he muttered
“Maybe” Tony said simply, “But I bet you’ll be a lot prouder of my dumb, stupid boring old man planes when we’re done than you will be of yet another burned out kitchen appliance in the dumpster….”
Harley shrugged and decided to just get on with it, he’d already successfully managed to glue about half of one plane together and did actually feel quite proud of it. They carried on in silence for a while and Harley felt himself feeling more and more satisfied just as Tony had imagined the further they went on. Which felt annoying because Harley was fast realizing he didn’t much like being proven wrong.
“These are kinda awesome” he said after a while, to which Tony replied by putting his own model down and laughing out loud, “And not hard to do once you get used to it, I think yours look better than mine though.”
“I’m never wrong, kid, I’m never wrong” Tony replied.
They sat in silence and concentration for a few more minutes until the front door went and May and Abbie walked in hand in hand. May almost did a double-take when she saw Tony sitting at the dining room table; Abbie had climbed herself up on to Harley’s lap.
“Ben had to take Peter, so he called the most trustworthy man on the planet” Tony explained, “Sadly, he was not available. So here I am.”
“We’ve been making model planes” Harley said proudly as he held a few of his completed models up to show off to May. She smiled and took one out of Abbie’s hands as the toddler seemed to be considering eating it, “Tony’s teaching me about patience and precision”
“These look amazing, maybe you could hang them in your room” May suggested, “I’m going to get us take out food tonight OK, I wanna give Peter a treat for completing his first therapy session, especially with all the last minute changes. Tony, you’re very welcome to stay if you want to.”
“Thanks, I think I will” Tony replied with a smile, “I’d like to see how Peter got on, and it’s always nice to see the wonder that is your husband, Mrs. Parker.”
May rolled her eyes and headed into the kitchen.
“May, can we have Chinese food?” Harley called.
She didn’t reply
“May?”
“Can someone please explain to me why Colonel James Rhodes is replacing the kitchen window?”
*
Harry and Mary-Jane’s kiss broke apart after what had seemed like a lifetime. Their fingers intertwined, Harry couldn’t help but smile as he looked down at her and brushed some of her damp hair behind her ears.
“I love you” he smiled.
“I love you too” she said in return, brushing his cheek before grinning, “God, how are you this perfect? Who the hell has cheekbones and dimples like that. It’s so unfair.”
“Oh, how you flatter me, Watson”
“I’m not flattering you, I’m mad” she smirked, “It’s annoying. You’re so pretty, I’m meant to be the pretty one. The girl is meant to be pretty.”
“And the boy is meant to be smoking hot, but you got all that going on” he couldn’t help but say as she rolled her eyes, “How do you think I feel? My stupid girlfriend is ten times hotter than I am. Embarrassing.”
Mary-Jane laughed and swung her hand in his as she held it before taking a deep breath.
“You’re so dangerous, Harry” she said cautiously and he felt his heart drop, “I don’t mean that in a mean way but you are. You are everything and I could let myself fall head over heels for you so fucking easily, and damn, maybe I already have. I could really, really fall for you if I let myself and I want to, God I want to, but-“
“You still don’t know if you can trust me” he sighed, “Because in the middle of trying to talk through how you can learn to trust me, we lost over half an hour because I decided to make out with you under a bridge-“
“It’s not that” Mary-Jane replied with a sad smile, “And you know it’s not. Harry, I want to believe I can trust you with all my heart but there’s this little voice in my head telling me that this is all going to end in disaster.”
“I can see why you’d think that” Harry replied heavily, “It’s not as if everything else about my life these days sets a good precedent. And maybe I can’t persuade you right here and right now that you can trust me, but maybe that’s a good thing. I’m not going anywhere and I promise that I don’t have my eye on anyone else. I can wait.”
Mary-Jane dropped his hand.
“I can’t ask that of you, it’s not fair” she mumbled, “It’s not as if I’m entitled to you or anything.”
“As far as I’m concerned you are” he replied, “Slap a sticker on my ass and call me your property if you want, I only have eyes for you.”
“Charming” she smirked, “But Harry you were still sleeping around just a few weeks ago, so you’ll see why I have trouble believing that.”
Harry nodded. He guessed he had that one coming.
“So what do you want from me exactly?” he asked, “Because I’m willing to do a lot Mary-Jane, and I’m willing to wait a long time, but I need to know what you need me to do to prove that you can trust me.”
“I don’t know” she said quietly, “God, sorry, I’m being so fucking unreasonable.”
“You’re not” he assured her, “You’re not, Mary-Jane. I am the one who fucked up here. I’m the one who took us to a place where we could have been and then ruined it by sleeping with some girl I don’t even care about. You can ask whatever you want of me and I’ll do it.”
“Am I worth that?”
“Of course you are” he enthused, “Mary-Jane, you’re everything to me. I want to be with you, you’re the only person I want to be with. I know I fucked up and I hurt you but I’ll never do it again, I’ll spend the rest of my life proving that if I have to. My life is hectic and sad and all that other shit but you….you’re like the one bright thing. You’re so kind and beautiful and you’re so, so fucking talented. I know you’re gonna make it big on Broadway and I’ll be there your first night with the biggest fucking cheers in the place. Mary-Jane, I love you, and I will do anything to prove it.”
Harry’s heart was beating faster than it had done since the darkest days of his life over the summer of two years ago. That had all come from nowhere. He’d never put his heart on the line like that before and he suddenly felt a massive, new rush of sympathy for what Johnny must have gone through when he made his confession. Mary-Jane could crush Harry’s heart in her hands right now if she wanted, and that was scary, but Harry knew no matter how she replied now that his feelings would never change and he would always be relieved that he managed to tell her how he felt.
“I believe you love me, Harry” she replied quietly, “I know you love me. I see it in your eyes and I see you wanting to follow through on all of those promises, however unlikely they might be. And I love you too. I love you so much that-that I don’t wanna waist anymore time, and maybe one day I will regret this but-but, I don’t have much good in my life either. You’re too polite to say, I know, but I know you’ve seen my piece of shit house with my piece of shit Dad and sometimes-God, sometimes, the thought of walking to school and seeing your dumb stupid perfect face waiting for me is all that gets me through-“
He sighed and took her hand in his once again, threading their fingers together and pulling her in closer to him, tucking her safely underneath his chin. Another person that he would fight the world to protect if he needed to.
“I don’t want you to go back there” he muttered, “I wish I could take you back home with me right now and have you stay there forever.”
“If only” she said with a sad smile, “I’m fine, Harry. I know how to play the game at this point. I’ll be fine.”
“I’ll kill him if he ever touches you” he promised.
“Sure you will tough guy” Mary-Jane replied softly, “You’re going to have to put a lot of work in if you expect me to believe you as anything more than the gentlest little butterfly, Harry Osborne.”
Harry closed his eyes and took a deep breath. Fuck. He was going to break this girls heart one day in the most devastating way. Even if she never found out what he’d done to Skip Westcott, he’d probably lose control of himself again and hurt someone else. Because he was violent. And bad. And he did not deserve her.
Honesty. Don’t make him laugh.
Mary-Jane wrapped her arms around his stomach and leaned against him. Harry looked down at her and knew that she needed him. She’d said it herself, some days the thought of seeing him was the only thing that helped her get out of bed, and he would do anything to make sure that happened every day. If all he had to do was exist and be himself and trust in faith that she loved him despite the darkness within that she could never reach, then he guessed he could do that. For her. Until the day when it became clear that he was no longer that person for her anymore, and he was sure that day would come eventually. But that day might not be for years, an until then…well, maybe he could be happy with her. Maybe they could be happy together.
“Walk me home?” she mumbled. He smiled and took off his jacket, draping around her shoulders as he took her hand and they began the short walk back to Mary-Jane’s house. The rain was still pouring down.
“So….are we….y’know?” he couldn’t help but ask, “Is this what I think it is?”
“Yeah, yeah, I think it is” she replied, “I just….I want to be happy, Harry, and I think you can make me happy and the thought that I can make you happy too is just the cherry on top. So, yes, I guess once your home you can change your Facebook status.”
Harry laughed and pulled her in closer to him. They walked in contented silence until they reached Mary-Jane’s block and then Harry felt her hand grasp his tighter. For all her talk, he knew she was scared of stepping through that front door.
“Hopefully he’s just passed out on the couch like normal” she said quietly, more to herself than to Harry.
“That offer to pack a bag and come with me is still open” Harry replied entirely seriously, h was sure Ben and May wouldn’t bat an eye.
“And skip over the part where you come over and discreetly throw rocks at my bedroom window until I answer” she smirked, “No way. I need to see you shimmy up the drain pipe to my room at least twelve times before I even consider moving in with you. I want all the cheesy 80’s cliches.”
Harry knew what she was doing. Pure deflection. He knew it well. But if that’s how she wanted to deal with this, then he would go along with it. If she wanted him to come over in the middle of the night and shimmy up the drain pipe to her bedroom window, then he would do so every night.
“Done and done” he told her with a sigh as they reached her front door, “Now, is there anything else you want from me before I go?”
“Promise me you’ll make things up with Johnny” Mary-Jane asked softly, “He’s really miserable without you, Harry, and I know that he misses you too. Please just talk to him.”
Harry nodded.
“Yeah” he replied, “I will. I promise.”
“Thank you” she said with a smile before kissing him, “Err….call me, tomorrow?”
“Call you?” Harry said incredulously, “Nah, tomorrow, you’re getting on the earliest train you can and I’m going to meet you for breakfast and then we’re gonna spend the whole day watching crappy movies at my place and you’re gonna stay for dinner.”
“Sounds nice” Mary-Jane said with a smile, “I’ll-I’ll be there…”
Harry let go of her hand with reluctance as she opened her front door. Her father had indeed passed out on the sofa which was pretty much the only reason Harry willingly let her go, watching for as long as he could until he saw the light flicker on in her bedroom window and with that, he turned and began the journey home.
He felt happier. He felt lighter. He felt guilty. He felt dishonest.
*
“I am so, so, so proud of you honey” May said as she wrapped Peter in a security blanket and a big hug as the family, plus Tony Stark and James Rhodes, settled down for takeout Chinese food in front of a movie in the living room, “You’ve done so well today, baby, you’re so brave.”
“Don’t oversell it, May” Peter muttered, blushing a little, but allowed himself to rest his head on her shoulder when she sat down next to him. The therapy session had gone quite well. Grace had been really nice and Peter felt it easy to talk to her. They’d gone over a few things that Peter liked which helped him feel calmer, talked about some of his friends and who he goes to when he needs help and he felt comforted by how long the list was. As well as May and Ben there was his brothers, Ned and now Tony Stark on there as well.
He knew the heavy stuff was coming and talking about all of that stuff made him feel sick to his stomach still, but a bit less now.
“Don’t play it down, kiddo” Tony said from the floor where he was sandwiched in-between Harley and Abbie, “Therapy is so important. Pepper and Rhodey nagged me for years to go and I refused cos I didn’t want to talk about my shit and now I go every week and I’m like ¾ of a functioning adult.”
“I wouldn’t say ¾ quite yet, but he’s right, kiddo” Rhodes chimed in, “Ain’t no shame in men talking about how they feel. You’re braver than half the grown men I work with every day.”
Peter squirmed. Praise always made him feel uncomfortable, though he guessed that was maybe something he could discuss with Grace in his next session.
“Can I go to therapy?” Harley asked.
“I think we all should probably go” Ben said reasonably, “Everyone’s had a really rough few years, maybe we could look into it?”
May smiled and nodded and confirmed that they’d put a bookmark in the idea for now, which seemed to satisfy Harley. Peter was relieved his little brother was asking to go, though he didn’t know if it was something Harley would ever see through.
“You don’t think that kids at school will think I’m a freak if they find out?” he asked, he was due to start high school in a weeks’ time and he didn’t exactly want his high school career to start out with everyone knowing he needed to see a shrink.
“I’ll beat them the hell up if they do” Harry’s voice rang from the doorway. Peter looked up and did a double take as he saw his brother standing drip wet and shivering at the door, his shirt practically see through due to the rain, but grinning like an idiot nonetheless, “Ooh, are we having Chinese food? There better be something left for me.”
“I’ll go and fix you a plate, buddy” Ben said softly. He got up and patted Harry on the shoulder as he went to get him his food whilst May grabbed Harry a fresh, newly cleaned shirt from the laundry pile for him to change into.
“You’re looking very pleased with yourself, mister” she said teasingly as she took his wet shirt and placed it in the dirty laundry hamper, “I trust everything went according to plan and Miss Watson was thoroughly wooed”
“What’s this?” Tony asked.
“Harry had a date with a girl” Harley informed him, “Mary-Jane. She’s really pretty and he’s had a crush on her for like forever.”
“And she’s had a crush on him for the same amount of time” Peter chimed in, “It’s been kinda annoying watching them do nothing about it and he gets all mopey about her sometimes so we’re all very excited that they might finally get together.”
“I am in the room you know” Harry said as he made his way to the sofa and sat down next to Peter, who duly swung his legs up to rest in Harry’s lap, “And yes, Mary-Jane and I are now exclusive and you people can get in all the lame ass jokes you want. Oh, and why is Colonel James Rhodes eating Rice Balls on our couch?”
“Nice to meet ya, kid” Rhodes replied brightly, “Congrats on getting a girlfriend.”
“Harley broke a window with a potato gun whilst I was babysitting him and Rhodey was kind enough to come and fix him” Tony said casually and Harley softly pushed him a little in retaliation, “But then I was babysitter supreme and distracted him by getting him to make miniature airplanes. He’s made you six.”
“Six?”
“I enjoyed doing it, what can I say?”
“Hey, he made me nine” Peter smirked. Harry rolled his eyes.
“I knew it” he said with a laugh, “I knew Peter was your favourite.”
“Oh shut up and eat your noodles” Harley said with his tongue sticking out as Ben re-entered the room and passed Harry a plate full of food.
“Did I hear correctly?” Ben asked as he sat himself back down next to May and wrapped an arm around her shoulders, “Are Harold Osborne and Mary-Jane Watson finally courting?”
“Yes, it would seem they’re going to be the talk of the season” May replied, “We’ll inform the society pages at once and they can make their formal debut at Tony’s gala in a few weeks’ time”
“You two are ridiculous” Harry said as he tucked into his food, “Oh, and thanks for offering to come and pick me up from the Subway station in torrential rainfall. It’s lucky I’m so selfless and chose to walk home in it of my own volition.”
“In our defense….we have none” May replied with a smirk, “Anyway, we all know for damn sure you skipped home in the rain like Gene Kelly. You’re finally dating the girl of your dreams and just in time for you junior year of high school.”
“I’m just gonna start calling you Prom King now” Harley smirked.
“I’m just gonna causally throw a pillow at your head” Harry barked back.
Everyone settled into the movie after that. Harry wanted to talk to Peter about how his first therapy session went and to apologize for his love-life essentially depriving him of May’s presence there the first time around. He figured he’d do it later as Peter had that zoned out, talked out look in his eyes that Harry knew meant now was not the right time to be questioning him about stuff.
Ben had fallen asleep by the end of the movie and Tony and James Rhodes made a quick exit once the credits had stopped rolling as they had an early morning flight to California the next day. May took an also sleeping Abbie up to bed, which left all three brothers alone together for the first time all day. Harry gestured for Harley to come and join them on the sofa which he did, sitting down between his two older brothers.
“We might be getting too old to do this” Peter observed, “My arm is like wedged.”
“Well, you are being pushed up against about 180 pounds of pure muscle there, Pete” Harry replied, gesturing to the sleeping Ben, “And we’ll never be too old to share in some brotherly love and closeness. Big day for us all as well. I got a girlfriend, Peter went to therapy for the first time, Harley blew out a window…..actually, y’know what, by our standards that’s actually pretty boring…”
“You already seem way happier” Peter said with a smile, “She’s a really good influence on you, Harry.”
“Yeah you might stink less now” Harley smirked.
“Oh, pot and kettle” Harry shot back.
“Let’s be nice” Peter said reasonably.
“So….I won’t ask you to go into too much detail Pete, cos I know that you’re probably sick of talking about it by now” Harry went on, “But therapy….good, yeah? Sorry my love life accidentally deprived you of May’s presence.”
“It was….yeah, it was fine, really….mostly” Peter replied, “She’s a really nice lady and we just went over some basic stuff and I’ve already been thinking of things I wanna ask her in the next session which…I guess is a good sign, I dunno…”
“It’s a really good sign, pal” Harry said enthusiastically, “It’s great it went so well, especially cos I knew how nervous you were.”
“Johnny helped-“ Peter began.
“Wait, Johnny was there?” Harry asked.
“Yeah, he goes to see her as well” Peter replied, “Sorry. I thought with being best friends you might’ve known.”
“I knew he used to see a therapist after his parents died, but I didn’t know he was still seeing one” said Harry.
“Oh, he only just started up again” Peter said quickly, “Like a few weeks ago. Apparently he’s been struggling a little lately but he was still kinda himself. I was like stuck to the spot when she told me to come in and it was him that managed to get me to do it.”
“I miss him” Harley chimed in, “He’s so cool and funny, why did you guys have to stop hanging out?”
“Just….stuff” Harry replied, deep in thought. Had he known Johnny was struggling that much he probably would have reached out to him sooner. This was just another thing he could blame on himself, another thing he needed to help make right.
“You need to talk with him” Peter said bluntly, “He’s your best friend and I think he needs you right now, Harry.”
“I already promised Mary-Jane I’d speak with him” Harry replied, “I’ve got this, don’t worry, I’ll speak to him. He’s like….practically one of us, ain’t he?”
Peter looked down at his lap and sighed for a second before turning his attention back to Ben who was now fully snoring.
“So…..did you and Mary-Jane like….kiss?” Harley asked after a few seconds of silence.
“Yes, on the lips and everything” Harry replied.
“Gross”
“You won’t feel like that in a few years, Harls” Harry said with a smile, “You’ll be kissing some girl or guy at a party one day and you’ll be thinking ‘gee, I really regret being a small idiot and saying it was gross Harry kissed his girlfriend what was I thinking’”
“I’m gonna have my first kiss this year” Peter said as he slid down with his arms folded across his chest, “I’ve decided. Freshman year of high school. Seems as good a time as any.”
“Might already be a little too late, buddy” Harry smirked, “Especially if you want me to get you in at the cool kids table.”
“Nah, I don’t wanna sit at the cool kids table” Peter replied, “They won’t have Ned and if they won’t have Ned, then they ain’t having me.”
“Anyone picks on either of you and it’s beat down time” Harry said seriously, “Unless it’s like….someone from the wrestling team, then you’re on your own but hey, you’re freakishly strong, you can probably handle that yourself…”
“I’m not getting into fights at school” Peter retorted.
“You’re a scrappy little asshole when you wanna be, Pete” Harry shot back, “I guarantee you’ll get in at least one fight in your first week.”
“I bet I won’t”
“I bet $10 you will.”
“…..Fine, easiest ten bucks I’ll ever make, and I say that as a billionaire baby” Peter said with a smile as they shuck on the deal.

*
May sat at the top of the stairs and listened with glee to the three boys just talking through things like any normal kid should be able too. Harley and his dumb experiments. Peter and his determination to win his bet with Harry. Harry’s gushing over his new girlfriend. It all felt right. It all felt normal.
Smiling to herself, May took out her phone and looked at the last picture she and Mary had taken together. It was of them at the park the day before her death with Harley sandwiched in-between them with a big cheesy grin on his face. She hoped that her best friend would be pleased with the way she and Ben were raising her beloved boys.
“May, are you crying?” Harley’s voice brought her back to reality a few seconds later and May looked up to find all three boys gathered at the bottom of the stairs looking concerned about her. It melted her a little inside. The combined size of their three hearts would challenge the furthest limits of the universe.
“No, honey, I’m fine” she assured him, “I’m just looking through some old pictures, and it always makes me feel quite emotional. But I’m fine. I’m good. We’re all kind of good, right? No worries right now?”
The boys all shook their heads. Ben was snoring away in the background.
“Harley suggested we draw on his face like we used to when we were little” Harry said with a laugh.
May smiled.
“You should absolutely do that” she said as she put her phone back in her pocket and head off to bed, “But you never heard that from me, and I will deny giving you hoodlums permission when he wakes up tomorrow.”
Three lots of giggles sounded out behind her as she turned her back and headed to hers and Ben’s bedroom. As she lay in bed, May heard the three boys scurry into Harley’s bedroom and take his collection of felt tip pens downstairs.
Normal. This was normal.
And if she was being honest, this was the first time since Mary’s death that anything about their bizarre little set-up felt normal.
It is strange to consider how three and a half clandestine meetings and one night spent and a morning-after coffee would build such a mountain of affection. The delicate call of Oh-pansanim, are you with me, the rush of what an absence of heat can do. Oh-pansanim forgets this, standing as Oh Jinjoo for the people. Because in power, all hunger is satiated.
And in power, weakness is exploited.
-
“Isn’t my job just as dangerous as yours?”
“I wouldn’t say so,” a languid laugh. “We’re untouchable.”
“Unnie,” Soohyun drawls, unimpressed. “You’re in the public eye. That’s enough to put your life at risk.”
Jinjoo turns over in bed, the sheets shifting to accommodate her  as she lies atop Soohyun despite beside her. “If something happens to me, people will have an issue with it. If someone hurts you…”
“You’ll have an issue with it?” Soohyun prompts, dimple popping.
“I’ll bury whoever it is.”
“Such words don’t suit your mouth, Oh-pansanim.”
“Then I suppose you have better words that would suit my mouth?”
“Suppose I do.”
-
Love is a motivator, Oh Jinjoo is of the belief. But this is not love. This is something trickling into the chambers of her heart, not quite taking the encompassing property that is typical of liquid. This is some semi-solid that’s dipping its hesitant fingers into her ventricles, pumped up, constricting her arteries, finding its shape in the nooks of her septum.
Love is a motivator, Oh Jinjoo is of the belief. But here, where blood ricochets, it is only a paralytic.
-
“Do you have a preference for these things?”
“Not really,” Soohyun hums, hands in the back pockets of her jeans. “There was once this lively teenager who bought me something similar. I haven’t had the guts to use it, though.”
Jinjoo observes the display of bags. Blinks. What is she becoming? This isn’t her place. She doesn’t take dates to high-end fashion stores.
“I’m not someone who can afford this stuff anyway,” she mutters. “Should we just go somewhere cheap?”
“That,” Soohyun says, pulling her hands out of her pocket, “Is the best idea you’ve had today.”
-
Money is not power. Love is not power. Power is hardly anything worth having if you can’t have life.
In humanity, Oh Jinjoo had just found a force stronger than material. In humanity, Oh Jinjoo had just learned unpredictability.
In humanity, Oh Jinjoo has just witnessed loss.
-
“Unnie,” Soohyun calls.
Jinjoo hums, halfway between pulling on her heels, jacket still strewn on the back of Soohyun’s chair.
“Be safe,” she says, a tainted red uncharacteristic to her on her cheeks. “Please don’t get hurt.”
Jinjoo smiles. She discards the heel, damn thing that won’t fit, and leans to kiss Soohyun’s cheek.
“Don’t worry,” she says. “Unnie will be safe.”
-
She should’ve wished her a good day in the morning. She should’ve cherished that damn instant coffee more. She shouldn’t have left bed at all.
Oh Jinjoo falls to her knees as she watches, all too fast, the bullet piercing Yoon Soohyun. It unleashes a guttural reaction from Kim-pansa and the echo has everyone instinctively reaching for their heads. Jinjoo holds a hand to her mouth.
Yoon Soohyun dying. Yoon Soohyun dead.
What is life, Jinjoo thinks, if not regret?
It was always during the nights that the thoughts invaded. The night reminded her of 
    them
   and it caused her to twist and turn and be on the edge, unable to truly relax.

All of her was always tense, waiting to hear the footsteps she recognized so well that her mind couldn’t get rid off even after all these years, she expected them to be there. The slightly clumsy walk of her brother, the quick and scared walk of the woman that hated her and the strong and fearful march of the man she couldn’t afford to disappoint.

One single mistake and it would be over, it would hurt, she knew it. Her mind tried to survive, tried to be prepared for an ambush from him. Just a simple creak in the floorboard and she would scream and hit frantically as memories of her childhood played inside of her eyes as she felt the phantom pain from his hands or burns all over her.

There was a reason she had been placed in a solitary ward, she always woke everyone up at night, she always screamed until her vocal cords were hoarse if something set her off. She needed to fight, she could never relax. Her body wouldn’t let her.

And the days she didn’t expect him to barge in, Azula could do nothing but to think of her stupid brother and mother. They were both so weak and pathetic, yet so mean and unhinged to her. They had been each other’s favorites and she had been left behind. They had both been scared of her for seeing the truth in the world, that you needed to be brutal and filled with strength. They’d punished her because they were weak and too sensitive.

They’d called her a monster and no one had loved her. She had been left behind, second class, no matter what she had done.

Always, always, always.

She was a spare, left behind. Hated by everyone. So what even was the point anymore? Was there ever a point?

She hated them so much. Hated that they never loved her. Not the stupid brother of hers or the mother who had always preferred Zuko. They had loved each other and Azula had gotten nothing. If her mom wouldn’t love her, she had tried to get approval from her father, but that never worked either.

She had never belonged, she had green up in a constant state of needing to be tense.

One mistake, let your guard down and it’s over.

A bird chirped outside of the care ward, to her it sounded like a loud explosion.

The screaming began as the memories of her life played before her eyes with her being able to stop it.
Merlin thinks there should not be this many bandits in the damn forests, if you ask him.

They were on a hunting trip, as usual. He still didn’t understand the joy Arthur and the knights felt from killing defenseless animals as a sport and not a means of survival, but he tagged alone nonetheless. He regrets this decision though, right about now.

“Arthur, look out!”

At Merlin’s warning, Arthur slays the bandit that was approaching him from the back, and returns to the fight. They’re severely outnumbered, and though these are Camelot’s best knights, even Percival can't take six men at once while also staying alive. Merlin grabs the sword from one of the unconscious —or, possibly dead— bandit’s hand and unarms the man that was approaching him with a few careful blows. He’s about to go after another that is walking towards Gwaine who’s already sparring with three men, when his eyes catch a glimpse of one of the men Arthur incapacitated standing up and running towards him with his sword.

It happens in a blur: Merlin running and jumping in front of Arthur, metal piercing flesh, a scream, and blood. A lot of it. If Merlin was able to focus his eyes, he would be worried at how much blood there was, but he only hears distant voices and sees swift, urgent movements.

“Merlin, you idiot!” The voice is familiar. 
    Arthur
  . His tone is angry but Merlin knows him, knows the emotion seeping from his voice. 
    He sounds worried, why is he worried? 
  He sees bloodied fingers and remembers. 
    Oh
  . Right. He wants to tell Arthur it’ll be okay, he shouldn’t worry, but the voices are growing more and more distant and the darkness is so, so tempting, maybe he could close his eyes for a while—

“No!” Maybe not, then. There is a hand, exactly like the one that’s pushing on his wound shakily, that cups his face gently and Merlin thinks he may have already given into the darkness after all, because it’s not real. It simply isn’t. Arthur would never touch him, not like that, no matter what was happening.

He feels being manhandled and placed onto a surface which his half-conscious mind can make of as a horse. Then he’s moving, but there are arms keeping him centered and stopping him from falling, and he leans into the touch, because he’s so, 
    so
   tired.

“You need to stay awake!” Real or not, he can’t deny his king anything, so he forces his eyelids to stay open, muttering something even he can’t quite comprehend. The horse fastens, and he can see the citadel in hazy, blurred outlines, not so far away from wherever they are.

“We’re almost there,” a soft voice whispers, arms tightening around his body and the hand on his wound applying more pressure. “Just, try to hang on for a little longer, alright?”

He tries to nod, he really does, but every bone in his body is aching and Arthur’s body is warm around his, Merlin hearing his muffled heartbeat as his head rests somewhere between Arthur’s neck and shoulder; and he’s convinced that if the darkness promising to overtake him plans on never letting go, he really doesn’t mind.

“Please,” the voice mutters over and over again, and Merlin deduces the meaning of this single word before he feels himself slipping into unconsciousness.

His king has never begged anyone in his entire life, so he really must be dying after all.

---

The first thing Merlin’s newly conscious mind registers when he wakes up is 
    cold
  .

He remains exactly where he is for a few seconds, getting used to the barely lit room. It doesn’t take him long since it’s quite similar to the darkness he woke up from, but it takes effort still. He sits up just enough to look around without startling his wound, supporting his weight by his arms. He’s in Gaius’s chambers, but the physician is nowhere to be found, so his condition must have been stable for a while then, because if not the man would never leave his side. The next thing he recognizes is someone sleeping with their head resting next to the bed where Merlin was lying a moment ago. Merlin’s chest feels warm at the realization that the person is 
    Arthur
   of all people. He was probably there on Gaius’s request or because he simply feels indebted to Merlin for saving his life, he thinks, deciding not to read into it. He’d done that once, been naive enough to mistake Arthur’s actions as something beyond the lines of friendship, and was face to face with Gwen and Arthur courting two days later, so he had already learnt his lesson. His feelings were unrequited, and they would die with him, he had learnt to live with that.

Feeling his arms getting tired, he tries to sit up straighter without having to support his body but his wound pulls at the movement and he groans in pain, cursing himself for most likely waking up Arthur.

“Merlin, you’re awake!” Arthur says, smiling, but his smile seems to falter when he seems to register the look of pain on Merlin’s face. He stands up, gently placing his hand on Merlin’s chest and pushing him down. “Lie back down, you’ll worsen your wound.”

“How long have I been asleep for?”

“Two days.”

Merlin just nods, not quite wanting to look into Arthur’s eyes, afraid of what he might find there. But Arthur’s not having any of that, apparently, because the next thing he knows he’s being yelled at by the King of Camelot. Daily occurrence, really, but Merlin hoped almost dying would at least gain him a few hours of silence.

“What were you thinking, Merlin, jumping in front of a sword like that? Are you mad?” Oh. He’s not mad about his incompetence as per usual, but almost dying. That’s improvement, he presumes.

“Don’t know why I was so keen to die for you, seeing that you’re yelling at me right after,” Merlin says, trying to lighten the mood. He had always despised seeing Arthur concerned, it always turned to anger like most of his emotions usually tended to.

“You are 
    not
   making a joke out of this, not this time. Why the hell would you do that?”

“You’re the king, I could hardly let you die.” It’s an excuse, a lie; he knows this, he just hopes Arthur does not.

“It’s not your job to put your life on the line for me, Merlin you’re—”

“A servant? Not a knight? Yes, I do know both of those things.” Arthur looks ashamed at that for some reason, so Merlin adds softly, “I didn’t do it because I believed it to be my job, Arthur.”

“That’s even worse!”

“Why are you so angry about this?” Merlin asks, having enough of Arthur yelling at him for saving his life. When Gwen saved his life he’d sent her flowers. He doesn’t expect flowers, but a thank you would have been nice.

“Because you were fucking dead in my arms, Merlin! Because of 
    me
  . You were bleeding out in my arms and I was 
    begging
   you to stay awake and hold on for longer, but you weren’t 
    breathing
  .”

Arthur’s eyes are now glowing with something dangerously close to tears, looking at the floor and not Merlin’s eyes, and Merlin is 
    very
   confused but if there’s anything he hates more than concerned Arthur it’s crying Arthur, so he reaches for the blond’s hand and squeezes it gently to make him look into his eyes again.

“It’s not your fault. 
    I
   chose to do what I did, not you. I’m here, and I’m alright.”

Arthur laughs dryly in self-deprecation and Merlin’s heart clenches at the sentiment. “You’re bleeding through your wound because you’re trying to speak to me while I yell at you like the idiot I am, you’re certainly not alright.”

“Oh,” Merlin just says, not even realizing he’s shirtless and only in his bandages.

“Here, let me change it,” He says.

“Oh it can wait until Gaius comes, you don’t have to bother.”

“Merlin, I want to— please? It’s the least I can do.” It’s another plea, spoken so softly Merlin might cry, so he gives him a small smile and nods.

Then, Merlin sees Arthur, 
    sees 
  him for the first time since he’s woken up. The King of Camelot is cutting up bandages in the middle of the night, only just awakened from a sleep during which he was still at Merlin’s side, his face looking heavy with dark under eyes and furrowed brows which seem to be that way unintentionally, and he’s certain. Certain that he wants him to know about his magic, this man who’s now preparing a wet cloth to clean his wound even though he doesn't have to.

“Arthur,” he calls softly, making the king look at him as he puts the fresh bandages onto the table and removes the bloodied ones slowly as to not hurt Merlin, “There’s something you need to know— something I want you to know, and I fear you might stop what you’re doing and wish upon me to bleed out, but I need to tell it anyway.

Arthur wipes the blood with the wet cloth and Merlin shudders at the coldness in reflex, causing Arthur to look up worriedly. He simply nods, telling him that it's okay to continue. “I don’t think there’s anything you can say that would make me do that, but go on. I’m listening,” he answers, simply oblivious. Merlin feels like he can’t breathe for a mere second.

“There’s a prophecy that talks of you, the Once and Future King, and Emyrs who is meant to protect and guide him, and to help him bring magic back to Albion. Arthur—” his breath hitches, though he’s not sure if it’s because of what he’s about to say or the pain coming from his wound, “
    I am
   Emyrs. I have magic, and I use it for you. Only for you.”

Arthur’s hands stop instantly. He looks up, meeting Merlin’s eyes. “Is this some kind of joke, because if it is—”

“No, 
    no! 
  Why would I joke about something like this knowing that you’ll hate me by the end of it?”

Arthur just stays silent, putting the cloth aside and staring at the clean bandages as if he’s considering his options, considering what to do. Merlin doesn’t know if he would rather have Arthur yell at him or leave him right there and then to call for the guards, but the silence is suffocating him, somehow louder than every insult Arthur could throw in his face at the moment. Instead, Arthur just takes a piece of the bandages and says “Thank you.”

“For what?” Merlin asks, because it is the most absurd thing he has ever heard, and the last reaction he had expected from his king.

“There were,” Arthur starts, wrapping the bandage around Merlin’s torso. He hasn’t left or called for the guards yet, which is a good thing. “some things that never made sense, things that I knew neither me nor the knights could have done. Ever since the blue light at the cave, I felt that there was a… guardian, of the sorts, protecting me. There were too many magical creatures suddenly defeated while I was unconscious, too many times I lived where I should have been dead.”

Merlin swallows at the last part, sudden memories returning to him. Arthur finishes wrapping the wound and steps away, his back facing Merlin as he washes his hands. “I thought it was the luck my mother’s spirit brought me, at first. I believed the presence of her that I always felt was protecting me. But there was physical evidence that I couldn’t explain, so I ruled that one out. I was content with not knowing after that, believing it to be harmless. Believing it to be the luck of a prince or a king.” Arthur approaches closer to him when he’s done drying his hands with the towel and looks Merlin in the eye, but Merlin doesn’t flinch, doesn’t want to miss any emotion Arthur may show. “But it wasn’t luck, was it? It was you, all those times.”

Merlin just nods.

“I owe everything I am to you, then. My life? My kingdom?”

“No,” Merlin protests defiantly, “I simply helped. You would have done all of this with or without me. You were always destined to be a great king, Arthur, I never believed you needed me for that since the moment I saw the goodness of your heart.”

“Why did you stay then, in Camelot? If you felt that I didn’t need you, that I would still reign? Did you just want to know that the prophecy was fulfilled? Emrys, standing besides the Once and Future King as he unites Albion. Was that all there is?”

“I stayed because I believed in you, because I wanted to, and because you were my friend first and a prophesied king the second. I stayed for 
    you
  . Not for some destiny that was thrown at me to bear.”

Arthur opens his mouth to say something but closes it again as if he has no answer to that. But he was a king and raised as one, and if there was anything he was meant to know how to wield along with a sword, it was words. “You’re right. There may be years worth of lies but your loyalty is the one thing I should never doubt about you. I’m sorry.”

“Are you—” Merlin stops for a beat, contemplating what to ask exactly. He fears the answer no matter how he frames it. “Since you haven’t called for the guards yet I assume I won’t be executed. Am I being too optimistic?”

“You’re not— No. I wouldn’t. Gods, how could you even believe that I would?”

“I don’t know, I mean, I wouldn’t blame you if you did.”

Arthur nods, silent. His battle is clear as day, at least to Merlin, but then again he could always read his king too well. “Why did you never tell me?” He asks, his voice sounding too close to hurt.

Merlin sighs, looking away for a second before gazing at his king’s eyes again. “If I did, you would have had to make a choice between me and your father’s legacy, your kingdom. I feared the choice was too obvious. I didn’t want to put you in that position. And after your father died, you had lost both of your parents to magic, or you believed so.”

There are tears in his eyes waiting to spill by this point, he’s painfully aware of it, but he fears if he starts crying he will never stop. “I couldn’t, Arthur. I didn’t want you to look at me and see what took 
    so
   much from you every time that you did.”

A solitary tear escapes and makes his way down his cheek at the reality of the situation, knowing that everything is about to break. He wipes it away quickly, he knows that Arthur sees it but he wipes it away still.

Merlin catches a glimpse of an emotion he can’t quite comprehend before it disappears and Arthur finally speaks. “I understand why you lied, but I still wish you hadn’t.”

“I’m sorry. Lying to you about what I was born with pained me as well.”

“Can you be born with magic? I thought that was impossible.”

“I was. I could move things with my mind before I could even crawl. The prophecies say I am the greatest sorcerer to ever walk the earth.” Arthur seems surprised at that information, but still nods. “And Arthur? Emrys means eternal, or so as I recently found out. I can’t— I can’t die. Well I can, but it’s only temporary.”

“So when you stopped breathing on the way here you actually died?” Arthur says, choking out the words as if they pain him.

“Yes.” He waits for a moment before asking, “Will I be exiled, then?”

“No, no. But I think it’s best if you step away from your duties as my manservant for a while. Only temporarily, or so I assume. I need some time to— I need some time.”

Merlin wants to protest, wants to say that his place is next to him and he can’t protect him if he isn’t there with him, but he can also see that Arthur is trying so hard to understand and forgive him for ten years worth of lies, he doesn’t have the heart to deny him the time he asks.

“Of course. Anything you need.”

Arthur shoots Merlin one last glance before walking towards the door, then abruptly stops. “Get some rest,” he says, and walks out of the physician’s chambers, leaving behind a confused Merlin. His magic cripples under his skin due to his intense, mixed up emotions he tried to guard too harshly, and if his magic wanders around the room freely when he falls asleep to the thought of Arthur, surely it’s not the love for the man that causes his magic to act out but the tiredness that comes from almost dying.

---

Merlin never believed his magic to be meant for something until he arrived at Camelot.

His mother used to hold him while he cried after some kids called him names too upsetting for a seven year old child; telling Merlin that he was different, that his difference intimidated people but it wasn’t his fault, it was simply the way of things. One time when he was thirteen, after some kids had pushed him into the lake hoping that he would drown, his magic had drained the lake out of water just as he was about to pass out, and saved him. He had shivered for hours before falling asleep in his mother’s lap in front of the fire. The flames kept him warm but a coldness had seeped into his consciousness that he never got rid of. It convinced him that his magic was a burden for him to carry, to tolerate rather than nurture, to hide rather than take pride in. When he was sent away to Gaius by his mother because his magic was simply too much for him to be safe there anymore, he was old enough to understand that Camelot’s laws were worse than Essetir’s and despite how much his mother loved him, he was too much for even her to handle.

Then he had met Arthur, a spoiled prince who bullied those less powerful than him, yet he had saved his life with his magic. No matter how much he despised the idea of being the manservant to the prat, that night he had gone to sleep with his magic feeling more content and fitting than it had in years. After that, he witnessed Arthur reveal the true nature of his heart, the goodness and nobility of it, and before he knew it something had just shifted. Suddenly, his magic felt alive under his fingers whenever he was saving or protecting Arthur, or simply even touching him. It was like seeing color for the first time after living the world in greys, realizing how much his magic could do and be meant for. It did pain him, knowing he could perhaps never reveal it to Arthur, but he still remained at his side, destiny be damned, and never went back to seeing grey again, even at times where he believed Arthur to hate or doubt him.

Right now, however, a week after Arthur’s decision to temporarily sack him, Merlin feels sure that his magic was beating slower under his skin like the pulse of a man who’s unconscious, waiting to be motivated and pushed forward and reached for by someone, something.

It never comes.

Merlin is glad, of course he is, because it means that Arthur is not in danger, but it also means that Arthur is not 
    near
  . He had never realized how frequently they touched, whether it be a consequence of his duties as the king’s manservant, a friendly punch or pat on the shoulder, or fingers ruffling his hair with a smile too fond to be just horsing around. He misses it. He misses it whenever he watches the knights train from the distance, Arthur patting them on the back after a surprisingly good blow or an impressive joke; misses it when he sees George walking towards the king’s bedchambers with his breakfast displayed on a tray —the plate doesn’t contain any of Arthur’s favorites, but Merlin never tells George that, doesn’t want to be fully replaced yet— and a parchment with the king’s duties for the day written on it; misses it when he sees him having a friendly chat with Mordred as they sit on the grass, their knees touching unintentionally as one of them leans in closer to whisper something reserved for the two of them. Merlin likes the knights, likes Mordred and even likes George to some extent; but that doesn’t mean he can’t be jealous of them for having what once came so naturally to him and Arthur.

So, a week turns into two and that soon enough turns into a month; passed by in a blur as Merlin watches his king from the distance, never daring to ask what was to become of him, never questioning if Gwaine of Lancelot heard Arthur talking about him, never asking Mordred how Arthur is doing personally, apart from the matters of the court. He’s almost convinced his existence will soon perish from the minds of everyone at court except some of his closest friends and he will only be left as Gaius’ apprentice and ward, silently passing everyone by without even so much as a word; when Leon, of all people, tells him that the king requires his presence in his chambers.

Merlin thanks Leon for letting him know, finding his way to Arthur’s chambers, still not being able to deny his king anything, and probably for the first time since he arrived at Camelot, he knocks at the chamber door he has long memorized the wooden pattern of.

“Come in!”

He walks in to see Arthur working on something he can’t see from afar, quill and ink standing next to stacks of parchment. Whatever he is writing, it’s clear he has written it over and over again which is very concerning, considering how sure of himself the man is.

“You asked for me, sire?”

Arthur looks up, his back still facing Merlin, and gestures to him to sit, probably on the chair in front of him. Merlin does, and the brief accomplished look on the king’s face indicates that Merlin did what he wanted him to.

“Yes, though I thought it was someone else that came. You never knock.”

“I was qualified to come and go into your chambers as I pleased back then, sire, I can’t quite do that now.”

Arthur stiffens at Merlin’s sentence but he collects himself, looking a slightly guilty and embarrassed Merlin in the eye. “I need— I wanted to ask your help about a certain matter.”

Merlin fights back the urge to smile at the distinction Arthur just made. If he said he needed something, he knew that Merlin would have to give it without further question; but he said he wanted to ask for his help instead. He wanted it to be Merlin’s choice when it came down to it. The small gesture warms its way to Merlin’s heart, but he keeps up his neutral expression.

“I will try to do everything I can, if it is a subject I can assist with.”

“As you know, the Winter Solstice is approaching, and it’s always celebrated by a big feast held at the Citadel.” Merlin nods, so Arthur continues. “I figured it was a good time to announce what I’ve been working on, but it needs finalization to pass officially in council, and I trust that you’ll be the best person to help me with the contents of this official document.”

That’s what he was working on, Merlin thinks. He remembers how much he seemed to be struggling, how stressed he had appeared the past four days so it’s not his fault when he says “Of course,” like the idiot he is, his eagerness slipping into his voice.

Arthur gives him a small smile and hands him what seems to be the neatest parchment amongst the ones sprawled on the table. “Here. Have a look.”

THE REPEALING OF THE BAN ON MAGIC AND REGULATORY LAWS CONCERNING SORCERY

Merlin stares at the title in awe, his magic collecting at his fingertips as if it wants to rush towards Arthur, similar to the feeling Merlin is battling with.

“Arthur, this is—”

“Yes,” He says, interrupting Merlin. “Look over the rest of it, and if you want to, you can help me with it.”

“You could order me, if you need my help so much.” Merlin observes, wondering if he is pushing too far.

“I know how important this must be for you, and how long you’ve probably waited for it, and I can’t order you when it comes to this. I will not.”

“I want to help,” Merlin says. He’s not sure if Arthur’s face actually lights up or if he’s just imagining it, but he feels better nonetheless. “I will talk to Gaius. And the druids.”

“You know where the druid camps are?”

Merlin nods, embarrassed a little about what he’s about to say. “I’m sort of technically their king.”

Arthur laughs at that like he heard the funniest joke ever, but when he realizes Merlin isn’t laughing, he stops, frowning. “You’re serious?”

“Let me see; they say I am the greatest sorcerer to ever walk the earth, call me 
    Lord Emrys 
  even when I insist on them calling me just Merlin, and bow to me whenever I visit them. One of the younger ones made me a 
    crown
  , too. So yes, I would say that.”

Stunned
   is the only way to describe the expression on Arthur’s face, and Merlin thinks he may enjoy getting used to this after all. “Very well, King Merlin,” he says, mocking the name just as Merlin did his, “we can meet every evening at around six until the Solstice if that’s alright with you. Unlike you my kingdom requires a lot of work from me, so I only have free time during dinner.”

Merlin rolls his eyes, smiling as he says “Yes, sire,” and as he leaves the chambers, he thinks to himself, 
    Gods, I’ve missed this.

---

The morning after Merlin and Arthur talked for the first time in a month, he’s sure he can’t hide his liveliness because Gaius seems to raise his eyebrow and smile at him when they sit down for breakfast.

“So, I hear the king has asked for you yesterday.”

“Oh, yes. He’s repealing the ban on magic and implementing new laws for regulating sorcery related crimes, so he asked for my help.”

Gaius doesn’t even do him the favor of looking surprised at this new information. “Frankly, I’m surprised it took him this long. He was miserable for the good part of a month.”

Merlin almost chokes on his porridge at the physician’s remark and it earns him a laugh. “What do you mean? He looked fine to me.”

“He started buttering up the council about the ban on magic one week after you revealed to him your magic. He was bound to bring it up with you eventually.”

Merlin tries to seem uninterested with the king’s efforts, but he’s almost sure he fails. Instead, he takes another spoonful of porridge so as to not look Gaius in the eye when he says “I more meant the 
    he’s miserable
   bit, but yeah, that too.”

“My boy, George came to me everyday during the first week of being Arthur’s servant for potions to calm his nerves. Poor boy almost had panic attacks because of how on edge the king made him feel.”

“That hardly proves anything,” Merlin says.

“You know how the knights were here almost everyday for salves to help heal muscles or sleeping draughts?” Merlin nods, so Gaius proceeds. “Well, apparently Arthur worked them all so hard they could hardly turn from one side to the other when they tried to go to sleep at night. Lancelot said he called George 
    Merlin
   once and made them train twice as hard after.”

Merlin snorts, imagining the look on the knights’  faces when that happened. “Fine, he was upset because his manservant and occasional friend lied to him, and since he couldn’t take it out on me, he took it out on them. Seems like he was just mad and not miserable.”

Gaius sighs, taking the now empty porridge bowls and soaking them in water as he speaks. “Sometimes, Merlin, I wonder if your gift should’ve been given to someone brighter. Enough of that now, tell me about the magic ban.”

So Merlin does, and by the time they’re done talking, he has two pages worth of notes written on old scraps of parchment about additions and corrections about the parchment Arthur gave him last night.

---

He shows up at Arthur’s chamber doors with his notes in hand right after he sees George walk away with an empty tray which was undoubtedly used to bring dinner to the king. He knocks again, hating the gesture but feeling obligated to do so, because he knows they’re not back to their level of closeness from before, unsure if they ever will be.

“Come in.”

“Good evening, Sire.”

“Merlin,” Arthur says, stopping  him before he can sit down by grabbing his wrist and looking up at him, “I know I haven’t exactly been… good to you, this past month. I probably haven’t been anything to you at all, in fact, which is probably far worse. But I believe we can at least remain on a first name basis.”

“Why didn’t you?” Merlin asks with a bitterness in his voice he didn’t know he was capable of, not moving away from the touch. He instantly misses the easiness of their previous conversation from last night, even though he knows that they were ignoring the issue carefully like the plague. “I was sure that I was going to be fully replaced by George, soon. That I would just be Gaius’  ward and apprentice. That I would never walk at your side again, but only walk past you in the halls.”

Arthur flinches almost invisibly, tearing their eyes apart. “I wouldn’t do that, not while leaving you uncertain of your position.”

“That was all I needed to be told,” Merlin says quietly, pulling away his wrist and sitting down, gathering his notes in his other hand. “But I’m not here for that,” he adds, louder, a more professional tone setting in, “I only talked to Gaius today, going over the draft you gave me. I hope that’s alright, I know I promised to talk to the druids but I couldn’t do both in one day.”

“That’s quite alright,” Arthur says, Merlin recognizing his tone from council meetings. 
    Diplomatic
  .
     He’s avoiding anything unpleasant, the prat. 
  “I suppose you and Gaius have some ideas?”

“Yes,” Merlin confirms, putting the pieces of parchment on the table, “Gaius told me about how things were done before the Great Purge. We believe if at least 10 percent of council members, in which case it would roughly be three people, should be people with magic, preferably raised in the culture of the Old Religion. I know you like your council as it is, but they— 
    we
   need representation as much as any group of knights, nobles or commoners.”

“Of course, I never considered that aspect,” Arthur says, genuinely approving of Merlin’s suggestion, “What else?”

“Well, I think one of the most important things is to ensure that there are new laws that regulate magic without segregating sorcerers. What I mean is, you would consider murder by sword and fire as both murder, right? If we differentiate punishment for magic-related crimes from other ones, it would be unfair and people with magic would eventually rise against you. Magic should be implemented into the existing laws for the most part, and it should only have a distinct set of laws if the crime is exclusive to magic.”

When Merlin finally stops talking and looks at Arthur, the king seems impressed by what he had just said. “Brilliant. You’re—” he says, then stops mid-sentence and looks down at the papers like he gave something away. “I mean, it’s brilliant to hear a wholly different perspective.”

Merlin gives a polite smile that is, deep down, more real than any expression he had on his face today, and continues. “Now, I saw that you were concerned about the council wishing to register every magic user in the kingdom, and I hate to say it but you’re right to be concerned. Sire, 
    Arthur
  , if you do this, you’ll be publicly announcing that you see magic as only a threat, when swords are deadlier than that and even a child can get his or her hand on one. Magic, contrary to what you’ve faced, is not inherently evil or good. It’s a gift, a tool, that the user wields in accordance with their own free will. Magic can do so much bad, but it can do so much good,” he says, a small smile tugging at his lips, “magic has the ability to create and nurture life, because it comes from the very center of nature. It’s everywhere, whether you hate to admit it or not; in the air you breathe and the ground you walk on. By its very core it’s in correspondence with everything that is born of nature. It can be dark, it can even be corrupted, but it can never corrupt, not when it’s simply a being, a tool, and not something with a conscience that has the ability to do good or bad. You need to make sure that you don’t let the council members pressure you into adding that to the announcement as well. They are there for counsel, don’t let them stop you from doing what 
    you
   believe in. You are a good king, and even those old councilmen are aware of that.”

“You get this look on your face,” Arthur says, looking into Merlin’s eyes with an emotion Merlin can’t quite decipher, “whenever you talk about magic and what it can do. You look at peace, somehow, and I think to myself, 
    how did I ever think magic was something evil? 
  I’m changing the law because it’s what is just, but right now, I believe I could have done it for far less if it meant for you to look that peaceful.”

Merlin looks down at his hands, the sentiment feeling too heavy for him, magic rushing under his skin against the fast beating of his heart. “I should go, Arthur,” he says, not trusting himself to refrain from forgiving Arthur right there or worse, reaching out to touch him, “Good night.”

Arthur looks surprised for a mere second before saying good night as well, and if he catches Merlin gathering the pieces of parchment on the table into a neat pile with the flick of his wrist, he decides to not let his smile waver.

---

It isn’t Merlin’s intention to eavesdrop when he overhears Arthur and Mordred talking in the corner of the training ground, away from the other knights.

“Do you think I’m doing the right thing by repealing the ban on magic?”

Merlin stops at that, a bit dumbfounded, and hides behind the large column to hear where the conversation leads. It is morally wrong from whichever angle you look at, but he can’t seem to help himself for the life of him.

“I think so. Magic is not more dangerous than a crossbow sitting in the armory is. It is the beholder that can do harm with it.” Mordred says, then stops, looking at Arthur for a second. “Arthur, you should also know that I have magic.”

If Merlin was unable to help himself before, he’s even more so now.

“Oh,” Arthur just says at first, waiting for Mordred to explain further. He doesn’t, so the king speaks again. “Well, I am glad that you told me.”

Mordred smiles at him after that, and Arthur returns the smile, no sign of resentment or betrayal visible on his face. Merlin feels like there’s the ball of fire Nimueh threw at him on his chest again, feels like he can’t breathe, like he’s burning.

It was so easy for him to accept Mordred,
   he painfully thinks, 
    why not me? 
  On a logical level, he understands, knows that Arthur trusted him with every piece of himself for ten years and that it was probably a bigger blow to him to find out that Merlin had lied to him for ten years than Mordred doing so for half a year; but it doesn’t make it hurt less. He barely registers it when Arthur gets up and walks towards the knights as Mordred walks towards the castle.

I know you overheard us, Emrsy,
   says Mordred’s voice in his head, startling him.

How? I wasn’t even visible from that angle.

I can sense your presence, your magic is too powerful for me to not.

I’m sorry, 
  he says mentally, locking eyes with Mordred from across different corners of the castle entrances. 
    I didn’t mean to, I just heard Arthur mention magic and I couldn’t resist.

It’s alright. I knew you were there, I never would’ve said something I didn’t want you to hear.

With a sudden leap of trust, he speaks mentally again. 
    He accepted you fairly easily, I am glad.

Yet you're the one he’s doing all of this for.

What does that mean?

Mordred smiles from the distance, then turns away to leave. 
    Goodbye, Emrys.

---

He knows that his presence is sensed as soon as he arrives at the entrance of the druid camp. It’s one of the larger ones in terms of both area and population; Merlin has specifically chosen this camp to be first for that very reason, but also because he knows Iseldir is there. He smiles at the familiar sight of druid children running around, magic buzzing in the air as some older children harness their power to conjure small things like flowers or butterflies.

“Lord Emyrs, welcome.”

“Ah, Iseldir!” He says, his smile growing, “Please, no need for the formalities. It’s Merlin.”

“As you wish, Merlin,” Iseldir says, returning his smile as they walk into the camp. Some kids he had already met before and recognizes now as Kara and Sophia wave at him, bowing slightly as they beam at him. He has missed this so much, he realizes as he lets his magic flow around the camp as it pleases. “To what do we owe the pleasure?”

“I know I haven’t visited a lot, but I bring good news. King Arthur is working on repealing the ban on magic, it is to be announced at the Winter Solstice feast six days from now.

Iseldir’s all knowing smile returns as they walk into the druid’s tent to sit, away from the noise outside. “We had faith in you, Merlin. I am glad that the king is accepting of your magic.”

“He is still wary, I think, but he asked for my help after a month of ignoring me completely, so I do think he is insistent on this. I’m here to ask what you would require, need or want. And your invaluable advice, but that goes without saying.”

“The Once and Future King has already signed a peace treaty with us for which we are grateful. Now that you are bringing magic back to the heart of Albion, however, some druids will want to eventually settle down, whether it be in the citadel or anywhere in Camelot’s borders. But your people are still wary just as your king is. They have faith in him because 
    you
   do, but he’s a Pendragon nonetheless. I think they just wish to be reassured that they will not be hunted for just existing.”

“You have every right to ask that,” Merlin says, half-lost in thought, “Gather everyone. I wish to speak to them, hear their thoughts as well.”

“Of course,” Iseldir says. “Wait just a few minutes, everyone is already close by.”

Merlin does as Iseldir asked, and when he comes out of the tent, his people are already in a semicircle, waiting for him. All of them bow to him, which he is still not used to, but he just smiles at them before standing in the middle.

“Today, I come bearing the good news that I owe you all more than anything. King Arthur will be denouncing his ban on magic at the Winter Solstice feast six days from now, the new laws and speech being written by the both of us until the day arrives. You have all been so very patient, for which I am eternally grateful, and while I still feel unworthy of your unwavering faith in me, it lightens my worries to know that you shall soon be free to practice magic even at the court our kind used to be condemned to death in. I know you have your doubts, and I know that I can never fully erase the Pendragon legacy and the harm they have done, and that you have every right to not trust me when I tell you all of this. But I can swear on my life that as long as I have my place in the Royal Household and the palace, druids should be harmed for existing no more. You will be able to settle down, and work, and wander the citadel and the castle freely; something that is long overdue but is progress nonetheless. Right now, I am in need of your thoughts, your counsel, your requests and wishes. I may be here as a leader but I am also here as one of you, a loyal friend, and I want everyone to speak freely. I am no Emrys if not for you, and your opinion is valued above all else.”

The camp goes wild with claps at that, and Merlin openly beams with joy, grateful to have these people believe in him, perhaps even more so than he did in himself.

“Lord Emyrs,” Kara’s mother, Mithian, says, “Merlin, we trust you with our lives, at least I know I do. We would go to war had you asked it of us. You deserve every bit of our faith, and more, and I believe I speak for everyone when I say that you would remain our leader, our 
    king
  , even if you were not Emrys.”

The only reason Merlin doesn’t openly cry at the noises of agreement every single one of them makes is because it is not exactly a kingly thing to do, but he looks at Iseldir with teary eyes and he receives a smile he had always treasured.

“I’m thankful for your loyalty and love, I promise I will not let you down. Please take care, and I hope to see some of you at court soon.”

Everyone bows again as he leaves, and he thinks, 
    destiny may be a heavy burden but it has brought me 
    this
    .

---

He shows up on time at Arthur’s chamber doors again, the bitter sentiment returning from earlier this morning. He tries to push it down as he knocks and hears a steady 
    come in.

“Good evening, Arthur.”

“Good evening, Merlin. Come,eat with me. I had George bring extra food today.” Merlin has no choice but to smile at the kind offer and sit down. He can’t stay mad at him, the damned prat.

“Thank you. How did the council meeting go today?”

Arthur stiffens at the question, his face falling. Merlin doesn’t like seeing him this way at all. “Arthur, what’s wrong?”

“My own council thinks that I am enchanted, that I am doing this because a sorcerer has control over me. Am I so unjust of a king that I need to be manipulated in order to be doing the right thing? Is that what my people think of me?”

Merlin rests his hand on Arthur’s shoulder hesitantly, but when Arthur leans into the touch instead of pushing him away, he lets it linger. “Arthur, listen to me. The council is composed of eighteen men who were supposed to die of old age ten years ago, Leon, Percival, Gwaine, Lancelot, Elyan, Gwen, and Gaius.” Arthur chuckles lightly at that, so Merlin continues. “You are a great king, and an even greater man, and your people think highly of you. Don’t 
    ever
   doubt that.”

Arthur sighs as his eyelids flutter close, his hand coming up to rest on Merlin’s which is still on his shoulder. “You don’t know how much that means to me. You told me your biggest secret and I pushed you away, then I came running at you the moment I needed you, yet you still agreed to help me. Yet you still have faith in me.”

Merlin looks at him, amazed, letting go of whatever scraps of bitterness he was holding on to. The man in front of him is still so young, and inexperienced, and afraid; perhaps not more than he is, but still. He still wants —needs— words of reassurement from Merlin; and he’s so scared of emotional vulnerability, yet he is letting his hand linger on Merlin’s with his eyes closed, pours his thoughts out and 
    trusts
  . Suddenly Merlin can’t believe how far he has come, from believing magic stole his parents from him to sit here in this very room, completely unarmed and vulnerable, alone with a sorcerer.

“Of course I do,” he says, causing Arthur to open his eyes and look at him, his hand leaving Merlin’s hesitantly, “You found out that I betrayed you, lied to you for ten years, and you still bandaged me up and told me to get some rest. You may have pushed me away, or ignored me, but you are here 
    now
  . And you trust me. That last bit was all that I ever dreamt of when I thought about revealing my magic.”

“I’m sorry,” Arthur says softly, and Merlin almost mentally convinces himself that this is not happening because Arthur Pendragon does 
    not
   apologize, “I wish I could make up for it.”

“I’m sorry, too. And you 
    are
   making up for it. Not that you need to, your reaction was more than reasonable. But after years of undeserved trust I finally offered my people something today, I offered them safety. That is because of you.”

“I almost forgot,” Arthur says, both returning to their normal position as Merlin drinks from the goblet in front of him, “How did the meeting with the druids go?”

“It went great. They had their doubts, they lived in fear of the House of Pendragon for many years, but no more. They say that they trust me, and if I trust you, then so will they.”

“I still can’t 
    believe
   that you are actually some sort of 
    king
  ,” Arthur says, grinning, “Do you not trip over your own words when you speak to them?”

“You wound me, my king,” Merlin says sarcastically, “You forget that I write most of your speeches. If you address your people well, it’s because of me.”

“It is 
    not
  ! I am a great public speaker!”

Merlin grins at him this time, but he’s sure it’s too fond. “You’re just jealous because both the people of Camelot 
    and
   the druids like me more.”

They talk over dinner, about magic and laws and some gossip Mordred has mentioned, —Arthur also tells him about Mordred’s magic which Merlin justs says that he knew, and that gets him a 
    come on 
  from Arthur— slipping back so, so easily into their old banter that Merlin thinks they may be better than alright after all.

Their conversation extends into the night, only coming to a stop well past midnight as Arthur falls asleep after hastily saying that Merlin is restored to his position as his manservant. If Merlin dares to brush away a strand of hair from Arthur’s forehead as he sleeps, well, that’s just the influence of the fair number of wine-filled goblets Arthur offered him.

---

The next days pass in a blur.

Merlin is swiftly back at his job as Arthur’s manservant, waking him up with stupid phrases like 
    lazy daisy 
  or a simple 
    rise and shine 
  on his less creative days, following him around everywhere Arthur goes, bringing the king his favorites for every meal. Now there are also evenings spent together, not unlike the ones they used to share before Merlin revealed his magic during which they drank mulled wine and simply talked about anything and everything; but this time there are long discussions about the repeal of the ban on magic and the speech arthur will make, dinners shared as if nothing else could be imagined, and conversations suddenly shifting into a more friendly one after two hours of official work at most. They are back to their old routines, but something in their dynamic has also shifted. There are now touches that linger a moment too long, longer than even before; intimate smiles meant for only one another in public, whether it be training or council meeting or patrol; stares that last longer than they should; and seemingly teasing words that come out too fond.  It’s the same but it’s also not, and Merlin’s magic acts up every time, and he is sure he’s going mad.

Like right now.

“I cannot say 
    that 
  in a speech, Merlin!” Arthur says, laughing, looking at the scribbled sentence on the ink filled paper. It’s a small habit they acquired, whenever either one of them wants to add or change something in a written thing, they scribble it onto the paper instead of saying it out loud as to catch the other one off guard, which almost always ends in a fit of laughter for both sides.

“Why? They 
    do
   get drunk and eat until they can’t stand up!”

“I can’t believe I’ve survived this long with you writing my speeches. Frankly I’m a little surprised how the druids trust what you say.”

Merlin laughs, unintentionally throwing his head back as he puts the goblet back on the table. “Alright, alright. That’s gone, then. Other than that, it looks good though, don’t you think?”

“Yeah, we did a decent day’s work after all.”

“Well, night’s. It’s so dark already.”

Arthur hums in agreement, leaning back into his chair. Merlin drinks the sight in, Arthur’s face lit by both the firelight and the moonlight, his features looking as if they may be a sculpture, and he’s not sure whether he’s drunk on the wine or his king.

That’s when, of course, his very, very intoxicated mind decides to do something utterly stupid like asking questions he should not.

“Do you still love Gwen?”

“Where did 
    that
   come from?”

“I dunno,” Merlin shrugs as if his heart is not beating in his ear, “just curious, I guess. Seeing her in council reminded me of the old days.” 
    Yes. That’s a good excuse.

“I don’t,” Arthur answers to Merlin’s surprise, “and looking back, I’m not sure I ever did. I always knew her heart belonged to someone else as did mine.”

“Another?” He asks, trying to sound casual but he’s certain his eyes give it away.

Arthur simply nods, looking at the fire instead of Merlin. “It took me a long time to realize, longer than I would like to admit. But yes, another.”

“Would I be crossing a line if I asked who?”

“No,” Arthur says, looking at Merlin again with that look on his face Merlin never managed to deduce, their faces standing a little too close, “but 
    I
   would be crossing one if I answered truthfully.”

Oh gods.

The realization dawns on Merlin then, unmistakable, as clear as it gets.

He raises his hands hesitantly to cup Arthur’s face before leaning in, and whispers softly for only him to hear. “Forgive me if I am crossing a line.”

A second later he’s kissing Arthur, knowing that he will regret it in the morning, that he will probably regret it even right after. But it’s so gentle and Merlin feels so completely, utterly happy that he realizes he doesn't really mind after all. He pulls back, earlier than he would like, but he forces himself to open his eyes and look at Arthur still.

“Did I cross a line?”

Arthur smiles, so beautifully that it's downright ethereal. “Yes. I just regret that you beat me to it.”

Merlin chuckles, relief washing over him, and lets his forehead rest on Arthur’s shoulder as he tries to collect himself.

“Is this a hallucination?” He hears himself muttering, sleep almost taking over him as he leans more into Arthur’s shoulder, “Am I so drunk that I’m hallucinating? I hope not.”

Arthur’s hand gently caresses his own before he feels himself being held by strong arms and dropped slowly onto a soft bed that cannot possibly be his. The last things he remembers before falling asleep completely are big hands pulling the covers, the weight of a welcome arm around his waist and words mumbled into his hair that he barely manages to make out.

“I hope not, too.”

---

Merlin wakes up to a warmth he never managed to achieve in his own room, and rubs his eyes with his fist as last night’s events come back to him. He had kissed Arthur. Arthur had carried him to his own bed and fallen asleep with his arm around Merlin.

He looks at the king still sleeping next to him. 
    Not a hallucination, then. 
  He’s not sure whether to be relieved or concerned, because he’s terrified that Arthur may not want this, want him; terrified that perhaps all of this was nothing more than a drunk and stressed king trying to distract himself.

“You’re thinking too loudly,” comes a muffled voice from next to him, his arm strengthening its grip around Merlin’s waist, “go back to sleep.”

“How can I 
    think 
  too loudly, you prat?”

Arthur opens his eyes again, sitting up as he looks down at Merlin. “I can sense your magic. I can tell whenever you’re overthinking because your magic starts to recollect itself from the room and most likely pours back into your stupid head to stop you from worrying yourself to death.”

Merlin smiles, because how could he not? “I’m just worried this didn’t mean anything to you,” he says earnestly after a beat, “that it was just a welcome distraction.”

Arthur leans forward to kiss Merlin to his surprise, and mumbles as he falls on his back next to him.“You’re the biggest idiot in all five kingdoms.”

“Forgive me if I assume that the King of Camelot doesn’t love me back.” Merlin realizes what he’s just said a bit too late. “Shit, I definitely ruined it now. You don’t have to say any—”

“I love you too.”

Merlin understands how big this is for Arthur, how he's never said it to anyone, not even Gwen or his father since he was five; knows that it’s one thing for Arthur to let his guard down but a completely different one to admit out loud that he loves somebody. It overwhelms Merlin that it’s him he loves.

“Come on,” Arthur says, getting up, “you’re still my manservant, and we have an excruciatingly long council meeting before the feast.”

“Prat.”

“Clotpole.”

“My word.”

“And it suits you exactly.”

---

Merlin is certain he’s going to die, or worse, murder more than half of Arthur’s council.

“But, Sire, if we give jobs to the druids then our people will not have jobs!”

“Druids are our people too,” Arthur remarks coldly, “and there will be new job openings. We tend to be severely understaffed, especially during celebration seasons. There are also practices that disappeared since the Great Purge but are still passed on from one generation to the other that require enlivening. If anyone has smarter concerns, please voice them, preferably before nightfall.”

Merlin tries not to snort at that but he still smiles, eyes finding Arthur’s on reflex. Arthur briefly smiles back, then returns to the council.

“Sire, how will our people take upon this change? Most of them are used to King Uther’s ways, as most of us are. They will tend to, uh, disapprove.”

Even Merlin recognizes the exceeding sharpness in the old man’s —he really can’t memorize their names, they all look and sound the same— words, especially for a diplomat.

“My father had a good reign, however he nurtured fear. While I do respect my father’s legacy there are some aspects of his way of ruling I simply cannot follow. Most people realize that magic is but a mere tool and can be wielded as however the beholder pleases, just as fire could be used to cook food or burn people. I value your counsel but I am your king, not another ordinary council member. I needn’t seek your approval for trying to create a land that is fair and just.”

The man shuts up, looking down at his hands as he has no answer to that.

“Any other concerns?” No one speaks up, of course. Their king has said the last word, unmistakable and clear, so they can do nothing but obey.

Arthur dismisses the council and exits fastly, grabbing Merlin’s arm as he goes. Merlin knows not to speak a word until they are in the privacy of Arthur chambers which is undoubtedly where they are headed now, so he just lets Arthur to guide him, the grip on his arm surprisingly gentle despite his radiating anger.

Arthur slams the door behind them, sitting on the chair with a loud noise.

“Idiots, the lot of them—” he begins, letting go of Merlin as he rubs his temples with his fingers, clearly battling a headache, “I swear, when I decide on which three people with magic I will accept into the council, I’m getting rid of that Geoffrey first!”

Merlin may not understand constantly being questioned by people who are meant to support and guide you, but he understands how mentally and physically draining it is to constantly be under the pressure of disapproval and the crippling fear of failure, of letting people down. He stands in front of Arthur, grabbing the young king’s hands and guiding them away from his skull. Arthur looks at him questioningly, but doesn’t protest.

“Do you trust me?” He asks softly, and Arthur immediately nods.

Getting all the confirmation he needs, Merlin lets his magic flow free and wrap around Arthur’s body, longing to heal and touch and hold kindly. He brushes a finger over the man’s cheekbone before both of their eyes flutter shut almost at the same time, and he speaks into Arthur’s mind.

They should respect you for being different from your father, not for the parts of his legacy that you carry. You are a great king, and you are 
    not
     your father. 
    Your people
     love you, 
    I
     love you. The druids trust you, they have as much faith in you as they do in me. It will be alright.

Merlin opens his eyes when he’s done, looking at Arthur’s surprised yet smiling face. “How did you do that?”

“It’s something that the druids can do, usually. We talk into each other’s minds. But you are born 
    of 
  magic whilst I simply 
    am 
  magic, so it’s somehow even easier for me to talk to you like that. I think you would have heard me at the other end of the earth.”

“Fascinating,” Arthur observes simply, causing Merlin to smile, “but I also felt some sort of presence. It felt like you.”

Merlin nods before explaining. “That was my magic. I can let go of it, let it wander freely, yet it still bends to my will. It’s livelier when I’m around you, though. It always wants to reach out and surround you. I think it gets that from me.”

“Such a girl, you are,” Arthur mutters before kissing Merlin, both of them smiling into the kiss. Arthur looks at Merlin earnestly when they break apart, getting up and looking for something in his wardrobe Merlin doesn't know what exactly. “Seriously though, thank you. It did help greatly.”

He seems to find what he was looking for because he makes a sound of appreciation before he walks towards Merlin with a stack of items he can’t completely figure out the nature of. “Here. These are for you.”

Merlin takes them curiously, holding all of them out and open in the air with a flick of his wrist.

“Hey, that’s a useful little trick!” Arthur exclaims, fascinated much to Merlin’s liking.

Merlin grins before going back to examine the items, which seem to be very expensive clothes. From his left to right; there are black breeches, a Pendragon red tunic and a beautiful, royal blue cloak which reminds him of the ones Arthur wears to feasts.

“Arthur, I can’t—”

“Just do as I say for once in your life,” Arthur interrupts, looking truly bored of Merlin refusing to obey his orders, “I want you there by my side tonight, not as my servant but as my guest. You can’t go with your usual clothes, and I wanted to do something nice.”

Merlin is too stunned to comment on the guest part, so he focuses on the last remark instead. “What’s wrong with my clothes?”

“Nothing!” Arthur says, looking at him as the clothes fold themselves into their previous position without Merlin muttering so much as a word, “I said I wanted to be nice but I’m regretting it right about now.”

Merlin lightly punches his shoulder at that, grinning. “Fine, I’ll wear your posh clothes, but I need to help with the great hall for the feast first. Can’t have you being the only king walking around in expensive fabrics, can we?”

Arthur pushes him at that, a smile gracing his lips.

---

Merlin was aware of how successful they were with decorating the great hall, but walking in alongside Arthur, seeing it filled with people and laughter and food, he can’t help but look around in awe.

There are huge snowflakes Merlin carved from the ice he conjured hanging from the ceiling, some of them bigger or smaller than one another but each of them significantly different. None of the staff from the Royal Household saw him use his magic, of course, but now they believe him to be a very talented sculpture artist and they’re partially correct. There are red and gold silk fabrics, their hue taken precisely from the Pendragon crest, forming a repeating pattern, hanging in between the long columns that support the hall. The people make the best decoration, though; nobles and commoners, druids and servants, sitting next to each other with or without knowing each other’s status or capability to do magic, engaged in conversation as they wait for their king.

“I take the huge ice snowflakes are your doing,” Arthur whispers as they are only a few steps into the room.

“Maybe,” he says, too nervous to say anything else. The matter is a personal one for him, one he had waited for over ten years.

Sensing his distress, Arthur squeezes his hand lightly before they are suddenly thrown into the curious crowd that is inspecting the king and his guest who was supposed to be his servant.

“Isn’t he that servant, Merlin? Why is he dressed like that?”

“Perhaps he’s enchanted the king. Always a suspicious one, that bloke.”

“Shut up, he’ll hear you!”

Merlin just swallows, not making eye contact with anyone except some of the knights as he sits down next to Arthur. His place tonight is clear this time, so there are shocked gasps and some insults not quiet enough for Merlin to miss. Arthur rests a hand on his knee momentarily before standing up and raising his glass, a gesture to make known that he is about to make a speech. He looks beautiful in his brown breeches, white shirt and Pendragon red cloak that bears the royal sigil, bringing out the crown on his head that’s purely ceremonial but suits him nonetheless.

“People of Camelot! Like every year, we are celebrating the Winter Solstice and the arrival of another season tonight, surrounded by family and friends, strangers and beloveds.” A loud cheer comes after that, but quiets down as the king gestures with his hand to indicate he’s not quite finished yet.

“While it is a merry season and one I am glad to be celebrating for the first time since I’ve been crowned king, tonight is not just that. Tonight, I stand before you as your king to undo a mistake that has gradually been considered so normal among us that we have forgotten the true values Camelot stands for. I have always wanted to be a fair and just king, one that is respected instead of tolerated, loved instead of feared. Which is why I treasure my father’s legacy, but feel the need to differentiate from it in some aspects. Tonight, I am pleased to announce that the ban on magic has officially been repealed.”

The crowd is utterly surprised, Merlin can see that none of them expected something like this except the druids sitting randomly at some tables or standing behind next to the columns. Arthur resumes his speech.

“A wise person once told me that magic was a mere tool, just like a sword, and it was in its beholder’s power to choose what to do with it. Magic is not inherently good or bad, it merely just 
    is
  . I know some of you have lost a lot to evil sorcerers, as have I, but condemning innocent ones for it will not bring us back all that we have lost. Murder by a sword or strangling is murder nonetheless, and it will be so with magic. Special laws will only be applied when the crime can be committed exclusively by magic. Camelot has long been at peace with the druids as you all know, people whose culture is derived from the Old Religion and nurtured by magic, and I am honored to renounce them as my people tonight again, as I am to do so for everyone with magic. I cannot fix what has been done, but it is in my power to prevent it from happening again. I hope this announcement and change comes to you all at peace.”

To both Merlin and Arthur’s surprise, the crowd starts clapping, first starting with the druids but then expanding to servants, commoners and even knights, nobles, and councilmen. Merlin believes Arthur will wish farewell and kindly tell the crowd to enjoy tonight’s festivities, but he’s mistaken when Arthur starts talking again.

“There is, however, one more matter at hand that I need to address. As some of you may know, in a court where magic existed freely, there existed a position of a Court Sorcerer, advising the king concerning issues of sorcery in council, being second to pass judgement in affairs of magic, and even teaching magic to those who he or she wishes to train. Right now, I stand here with the intention of bringing this position back by awarding it to someone who has been at my side for the better part of a decade, doing all those I listed and so much more without seeking recognition or reward.”

Merlin feels like he’s dreaming, walking in a bubble, like what’s happening is not real. George appears from behind one of the columns, carrying the Chain of Office.

“Merlin Ambrosius of Ealdor; son of Balinor, the Last Dragonlord; the long prophesied Emyrs, King of the Druids; Guardian of the Once and Future King.”

Merlin stands up, kneeling before his king as his magic begs him to be revealed, to fill the room.

“Do you vow to behold your duties to the Crown above all else?”

“I do.”

“Do you vow to always offer your honest counsel, help those in need and protect the true legacy of the Old Religion within the borders of Camelot?”

“I do.”

“I bid you, rise, Merlin Ambrosius,” Arthur says, taking the Chain of Office and draping it over his shoulders, “Court Sorcerer of Camelot.”

Merlin doesn’t exactly know why, but the crowd goes mad with cheer at that, more so than they did when Arthur denounced his ban on magic. He catches glimpses of completely shocked people clapping despite their facial expression, knights going mad with cheer, Gaius and Gwen looking like they’re about to cry, and the druids  clapping louder than everyone else, especially Iseldir.

“I will not hold you back any longer, please enjoy tonight’s festivities,” Arthur says, sitting down at last. Merlin sits down too, still fairly sure this is a vision at best.

But then Arthur looks at him, sees Merlin’s teary eyes and smiles fondly, and the realization dawns on Merlin, gold speckles of magic daring to spill from his fingertips; all of this is real, and it’s better than any vision could have ever offered him.



Professor Boron was late, a reality Gawain was dealing with better than most of his classmates. It was a 9 am Monday class on the first day of term, and there was the collective sense that this was a bad omen for the coming semester. He sat silent and still amidst a flurry of nervous shuffling and whispered conversation.
The TA, who introduced himself as Christian, was lingering nervously near the front, but seemed to lack the confidence to start class, despite the students' silent urging.
All of them turned to the door when it creaked hesitantly open. The admittance stood in frozen embarrassment, at his lateness, at the fact they were staring at him. He was so obviously not the professor that most of them looked back down at their tables and phones with secondhand chagrin. Gawain did not.
[
    I love you,
  ] his mind supplied, inexplicably, less a thought and more a memory of his own voice. He was so thrown by this, that it was only the awkward clang of a heavy bag against cheap linoleum beside him that startled him back to the present.
The newcomer had sat beside him, one of the few seats still open. Gawain studied him curiously-- a handsome face, currently rather red, his motions self consciously mechanical, as if for the benefit of an imagined audience, which Gawain realized, was not technically as per himself, imagined. 
    I should look away, 
  he thought, and didn't.
“I'm sorry-- I-- Is the professor late?” He questioned, voice soft and slightly accented.
“Remarkably so,” Gawain confirmed, the confusing moment sliding back into the forgotten depths of his subconscious.
“Oh,” he said quietly. “Bad start.”
“Are you a freshman, too?” Gawain asked, friendly, offhand, with the casualness he should but did not feel.
He nodded. Hardly an encouragement of further conversation but--
Gawain introduced himself, and learned in return this man belonged to the name Lancelot, which seemed indelibly correct in the way names sometimes did, and was moreover very pleasant in its ridiculousness.
Boron better keep being late
  , Gawain, to his own bafflement, swore to himself, 
    or I’ll slash his tires.
“What’s your major?” Gawain asked, then, before an answer could form itself, put up a hand. “Wait, I want to try and guess.”
“Uh, go for it,” Lancelot allowed, cautiously amused.
Gawain considered him. “Art. Something art. Am I right?”
From the look of sheepish delight, Gawain knew he had hit the mark. “Is it obvious?”
“Lucky guess,” a prevarication, covering an inextirpable instinct and the fact he’d been staring at the man’s hands, which were marked with spilt India ink and oil paint, purple and gold.
“I’d try to return the favour but I think it would be hopeless,” Lancelot offered, then tried anyway. “Poli sci?”
“Ah,” Gawain gestured broadly in a vague pantomime, which conveyed nothing. “Close, kind of. International Relations. Poli sci-- you must think I look very cutthroat.”
“Uh, sorry,” and he did look sorry, to great incredulity.
“Oh, God, don’t apologize,” Gawain rushed to say, “I'm almost never offended. [
    I was never angry, not with you, despite all I said and did,
  ] Don’t be timid, I swear I don’t bite, unless you want me to.”
This last clause he did not say aloud, despite his common impulse. Another common impulse of his was surfacing, his inexorable talent for self-sabotage, fighting a bloody battle of attrition against his own voice, saying things he didn’t remember and couldn’t imagine.
[
    I love you,
  ] it said, he said, one last-ditch attempt before being muzzled. Professor Boron walked through the door, and Gawain silenced thought of Lancelot, except as a pretty distraction. For a while, at least.

He doesn't know how it happens, but one moment there's one of him standing in the office- the next, there's six other variations, all different ages.
Of course this happens while he's at the office. Why couldn't it have been when he was at June's? Or visiting the Manor when he slipped his anklet?
He simply sighed, resigned to the fact his cover was for sure blown. He shook his head- there were more pressing things to be worried about; like the six younger versions of himself that looked like they were ready to bolt. He had to take control of the situation before someone pulled a weapon.
He surveyed the figures before him.
The youngest was a scruffy street-kid, torn and dirty red hoodie/jean combo and enough mistrust in his eyes to break the hearts of all the agents around him. He mentally dubed him Street-Kid Jason.
Next up we had Robin in all his costumed glory: split lip & staff held at the ready. He eyed the older versions warily & stood slightly in front of the younger- as if to protect him from the more violent versions. Kid would probably be useful in keeping an eye on them.
Neal cringed when he took in the third boy's appearance. Eyes blank, hands mangled, and suit muddy- he looked like he walked right off the set of a zombie movie. Poor kid was tilting precariously to the side, still not healed from what the Joker did to him. He dove forward to steady him & continued with his assessments.
The next three weren't as easy to determine order based off physical appearance, only making inferences based on their clothing.
The League of Shadow's garb was startling in such a mundane, modern setting. What was even more startling was his eyes- the acidic green the colour of his nightmares. He wore a mask on the lower half of his face that slightly muffled his growl. His hands gripped twin blades at his side, eyeing the agents surrounding him- calculating the best and bloodiest ways to take them down.
Quickly skimming his eyes over the next two, he felt his stomach drop even more. Red Hood- both of them. The one closest had an older version of his helmet- the familiar family crest and his signature brown leather jacket absent. His hands palmed his guns and he knew this was the revenge-driven man who put severed heads in duffle bags. The one who targeted Tim.
Lucky for him, the other Red Hood was way less antagonistic- posture wary as he seemed to be cataloging the others as well. This was his current nightly get-up; the one he's held for only the past five years. Finally: someone he didn't have to worry all too much about. They locked gazes- wearing the helmet for so many years meant he knew where his sightlines were- and nodded.
He rightfully assigned them the names 'Red' and 'Hood'. Hood was the monster criminals whispered about in hushed breaths, while Red was the colour he shared with his younger brother.
These detailed observations took him only a minute, due to his Bat training.
"Alright, listen up! This is a code A23; I'm the oldest variation, so I'll be taking charge. Don't disagree with me." Only Robin, Red and Hood looked like they knew what he was talking about. Young Jason had yet to learn Bat codes and the other two were too out of their minds- for different reasons- to understand.
"Robin- watch Jason and the zombie here." He knew Jason would trust Robin- his slight hero-worship for Dick would carry over well-enough for him to stick around. Nevermind the fact they'd both want to protect the catatonic kid they didn't want to think of the implications from and he'd probably vaguely recognize them a bit and be comforted. He didn't even know if he had the capability to recognize them or not, but he could hope.
"Red-" he made eye-contact with the second oldest, "you watch Hood and make sure he doesn't kill anyone. I'll do the same with Shadow over there." He jerks his head towards the pit-mad assassin they were surprised hadn't yet attacked.
"Neal, what the actual f*ck?!" Jones's voice was strained and he knew he had recognized at least Robin and one of the Hoods.
He simply ignored him in favor of passing the kid leaning against him to Robin and carefully making his way to be within arms reach of Shadow- out of the corner of his eyes he noticed Red doing the same with Hood.
Jason looked like he was panicking a bit in the unfamiliar surroundings, so Robin tried to calm him down.  "Do you know who I am?" He shakily nodded, so Robin continued. "Then you know I'm here to help. I know you're probably confused, but we're safe and I'm sure B can get us all back soon."
B- that was a great idea! He fumbled to remove his non-FBI sanctioned phone out of the secret inner pocket of his jacket, immediately dialing the familiar number he knew by heart.
"Hey B- yeah, I know, I haven't called in a while. Anyway- we have a bit of a situation and if you could send someone, that would be a great help. Preferably a magic user, if one's available."
Violet was waiting anxiously by the screen glass door for Tony to show up. She hadn’t heard from him since the incident with the Underminer, and she hadn’t been brave enough to call him about the incident either. She still wondered if she should have told her dad about what happened with Tony and her mask, but she hadn’t summoned the courage to after the government came and arrested them for trying to deal with the underground criminal.
Her gaze twitched as she noticed a car’s headlights and her head turned to see a well-used SUV roll around to the driveway of her family’s new house. The figure at the wheel was a very familiar brown-haired boy.
Violet barely registered opening the door and walking over to where the car had just parked. She was still numb with anxiety as she opened the car door and climbed in without a word. Thoughts tumbled around in Violet’s mind faster than her brother could run. Tony knew she was a super. So what was he thinking right now? Had he told anyone else? Did he have anything against supers? And why on earth had he still come to pick her up!?
It was at this moment that Violet realized that Tony hadn’t said anything either. He just looked down at the steering wheel, his knuckles slowly turning white. As for his expression, he looked...ashamed?
Finally, Tony took a deep breath and let it out slowly. He started with a simple “Hey, Violet.”
Violet responded, “Hey, Tony.”
Violet felt the urge to hide her face with her hair again.
Tony started up the car and backed out of the driveway. For a while, they drove in silence. About a couple minutes later, it struck Violet that Tony was just as confused as she was, but the moment she realized, Tony finally spoke up.
“Violet, I’m...I’m sorry.”
Violet’s head shot around, but before she could finish a thought, he continued. “I’m sorry for what I did yesterday. I’m sorry for just standing there not saying anything, and I’m sorry for running away when I learned you were a super. And before you ask, no, I haven’t told 
    anyone
   what I learned. So…” Tony paused his rambling tangent and let out another sigh.
“I just...don’t want this to destroy our chances of having a relationship.”
Violet’s eyes widened. It wasn’t just fear of supers or anything like that. Tony was afraid that he knew too much.
Violet finally plucked up the courage to speak again. “While I was growing up, superpowers just seemed normal. Both my parents were famous supers, my annoying little brother is super-fast, and I’ve been turning invisible and conjuring force fields longer than I can remember. But ever since I started playing with kids my age, my parents have told me that I can’t show them around other people. And I didn’t understand why until I was six.
“I was playing a game of hide-and-seek with a few other kids at school, and I was tired of losing all the time. So I just...vanished. And they couldn’t find me, no matter how hard they tried. When I finally came out, this one girl accused me of cheating. The argument turned into a fight. And ever since then, I’ve only ever wanted to be normal.”
“But what you can do is so amazing,” Tony told her.
Violet just gave him a sad smile. “Maybe, but I learned very young that when you stand out like that, it makes you a target. And what can you do when you’re being targeted by the very people you’re supposed to be using your powers to protect?”
“You prove them wrong.”
Caught off-guard by Tony’s statement, Violet could only stare at him. “What?”
Tony explained, “People banned supers because their fights with all those bad guys were causing a whole lot of destruction, right? Well, maybe we need supers like you who can catch the bad guys without any of that so we can show people that having supers is better than not having them. Crime has been a ton worse since supers left, especially since supervillains just ignore the law and keep doing whatever the hell they want. Whether people like it or not, we 
    need
   the superheroes to come back.”
“And how to we convince people that bringing all the supers back won’t just hurt their lives more?” Violet demanded.
“I dunno, maybe make a superhero school?” Tony suggested. Both of them laughed at the suggestion.
“Well,” Violet ventured, “whatever ends up happening, I’m glad you don’t hate me for being a super, Tony.”
“Are you kidding?” Tony asked. “I already thought you were a nice girl before, if a bit shy, but a super too?”
Violet’s first date to the movies was one of the happiest times in her life.
The first time was with some half-drunk random guy in a bathroom stall at a bar. The guy had been practically eye-fucking Ichigo, his lust and hunger obvious. Ichigo’s first instinct had been to brush it off and continue drowning his sorrows but something curious and dark had stirred in his mind and he’d found himself pressed up against the cool tile wall of the stall, pants around his thighs and legs spread over the toilet. The guy had been a heavy weight on his back, hands pawing roughly at Ichigo’s hips.
The sex had been ok, if not a little dry, the guy fumbling through it and Ichigo spending most of it zoned out. The guy hadn’t noticed, too busy chasing his own pleasure to notice Ichigo’s half-hearted movements. But then the guy’s cock, an adequate size, had finally pressed up against his prostate and sparks had skittered up his spine and just like that he’d snapped to awareness, finally moving eagerly. But the guy had been already on edge and had quickly spilled into Ichigo in lukewarm spurts. The sensation had brought Ichigo over too and he’d slumped forward empty. The guy had then pulled out, dragged his pants up, and stumbled out, leaving Ichigo panting on the dirty floor, cum dribbling down his legs and mildly unsatisfied.
He'd thought about the encounter days later, turning it over and over in his mind. It hadn’t been anything spectacular but his mind kept snagging at the sensation of someone’s cock in him. He’d found himself aching for it, so badly wanting to feel that again. More.
The second time was with a muscular older man with a silver ring on his finger and gray at his temples who had pressed Ichigo down to his knees and slowly guided his thick cock into the waiting mouth. The man had immediately began to roughly fuck his mouth. Ichigo had choked and gagged, highly unprepared, but quickly relaxed his jaw around the girth splitting it wide open. The tight grip on the back of Ichigo’s head had firmly kept him in place, at the mercy of the older man. His throat had fluttered and chest tightened to the point where he could barely breathe, head spinning dangerously, and Ichigo had revelled in the feeling. Finally, he could feel something.
Despite Ichigo being clearly new to blowjobs, the man had been pleased by his sloppiness and enthusiasm, and had then bent Ichigo over to rearrange his guts in reward. His cock had filled him up so good and deep, and Ichigo had nearly fallen apart on it. The burn and stretch had been exquisite, a hot brand that had left him gasping for air. The pace had been brutal and exactly what he needed: to feel alive, to feel human, to feel present. His hips had greedily rocked back to meet every thrust, mindless in the pleasure and encouraged by the good boy that had caressed his skin. Yes, he was good. So good.
His nerves had been on fire and he’d felt like he was burning up. He was no longer cold on the inside. He’d never wanted it to end. Ichigo had come so hard, practically bowled over by his orgasm, he’d seen stars. Fuck, it had been amazing. He’d been left with many bruises and had fingered the purple marks in quiet awe afterwards. More, he needed more.
The third time had been with a guy who had eaten Ichigo out like his life depended on it. His tongue had been insanely flexible and long, and the cool metal piercing adorning its end had felt incredible against Ichigo’s heated flesh. He’d left him incredibly loose and wet. He’d then dropped Ichigo down on his cock like nothing and had Ichigo ride him. Ichigo remembered the feeling of his hole stretched around the long cock in that position, how it immediately hit his prostate and he violently came, so sensitive. The guy had fucked him through it, had wrung out two more orgasms out of him. Ichigo had passed out boneless afterwards. Not enough.
The fourth time had been two. He’d been stuffed front and back, the two creating a push-and-pull rhythm. He’d fucking loved it.
The sixth, three. He’d taken two in his hole for the first time, speared between the two and the third in his mouth. His hole had stretched and stretched, had gaped afterwards. He would never forget it.
Onwards were small groups. That's what he'd been searching for.
He loves being surrounded by bodies, their overwhelming heat thawing his cold insides. Loves hands all over him, teasing and petting and torturing and fucking him, all at once so that he can’t make sense of anything. Loves being used, passed around and fucked over and over until his insides are slippery and wet, his mind in a haze. Loves being sticky and full with cum.
He loves sucking cock. Loves to lick and suckle and drool and stuff them down his throat. Loves having his mouth and throat fucked raw until his voice comes out hoarse and his muscles ache. Loves holding them in his mouth, feeling the heavy weight on his tongue, keeping them safe in the confines of his throat as he floats contented. Loves it as much as being fucked. Loves all eyes on him. He needs it, otherwise he would disappear. It’s the only time he feels seen. Feels wanted, even if it was just because he was shaking his hips like some cheap whore.
He hates being empty. It reminds him of the gaping cavern in his head where Zangetsu once was that makes his heart ache. He’d rather be stuffed full of cock, fingers, cum, toys, plugs. Anything. He hates when they finally leave because he’s back to only himself and he can’t handle that. He prefers being fucked to the point where he passes out, falling into a dreamless sleep. Or endlessly fucked so his mind couldn’t wander. He keeps cum inside of him for as long as he can, the feeling giving his mind something to anchor to.
He spreads and spreads his legs, shamelessly offering and asking and begging to anyone who will give it to him.
He’s full but so empty.
Perfect days don’t come often, though when they do, they are meant to be savored.
A butterfly, adorned with intricately patterned red and black wings, takes this sentiment to heart. She had spent the entire crisp, clear morning fluttering from flower to flower. Her favorites were the plum blossoms, and they happened to be at the peak of perfection at this time of year. After taking a last sip of sugary sweet nectar, she rested atop one of the soft petals, content with her meal. A gentle breeze pushed its way past her, but the wind was so polite that instead of bothering her, it invited her to take flight. She leapt into the air, gliding on a smooth current before flapping her wings.
Aside from drinking the sweet nectar of plum blossoms, the butterfly loved soaring through the air on gentle days such as this. The tickle of the wind on her wings, and the breathtaking feeling of being absolutely weightless in the air never grew old to her. She remembered how, back in her days as a caterpillar, she had prayed to the stars to someday be able to soar through the skies like the graceful butterflies that were able to pass her sluggish form in less than an instant. There was a yearning in her heart that couldn’t be quenched by simply climbing to the tallest branch of a sand bearer tree. She wanted more. She needed more. Weeks passed, and suddenly, like magic, her wish was granted! All she had to do was sleep comfortably inside a cute little house she made and poof! She had beautiful, functioning wings!
Ever since that day the yearning in her heart melted away and she had felt nothing but nourishing joy. She didn’t know how long this was going to last, but she wasn’t going to waste a single second of her miraculous lifetime.
As she soared across the plain, she spotted a flash of beautiful color. Automatically, her instincts told her to approach it, and as she grew nearer, she recognized the wings of another butterfly. This one looked very different from herself, but strangely, the patterns and colors she wore paired with the other’s quite nicely. This butterfly’s wings were bright red, with golden lines and spots, creating a pattern that was even more intricate than her own. It was impressive, and the butterfly intended to shower the other with compliments for their exquisite design.
The butterfly landed softly in the grass next to the other, and peered at them cautiously, before experiencing the sinking realization that this beautiful creature was injured. There was a tear in her wing that couldn’t be spotted from an aerial view, but this left the butterfly unable to fly, nonetheless.
As the unharmed butterfly approached the other, she noticed a small group of ants, making their way towards the flame-colored butterfly’s trembling form. A rare flutter of anxiety grew in her chest, and she took to the sky again, now with a sense of urgency, before diving back down. She swerved up at the last minute, sending a gust of wind in the direction of the ants, and sending them flying.
She landed in front of the other butterfly, and felt the bloom of pride she felt fade into sadness.
A butterfly with damaged wings is as good as dead.
She glanced around, not really sure of what she should do. Should she leave them there and let nature take its course? Should she bring some food? Should she try to move them? Is she even strong enough for that?
Her eyes fell to the creature before her, and their eyes locked. The other butterfly had a wise, intelligent gaze, and though it was laced with sadness, it gave off a feeling of warmth, as well. There was a sense of mutual understanding in that moment. They both knew what this injury meant.
Though they had met only moments before, the cheerful butterfly with wings black as night felt the same heartbreak she would feel if she was losing her closest companion. Or, at least, that’s what she imagined it would feel like. The other butterflies typically avoided her, as they took her unusual coloring to be an omen of death. Perhaps they were correct.
She nodded to her new companion, and took off to find some food and water to bring back.
The injured butterfly watched her go, certain that her savior would never return. The encounter left her exhilarated, but as the other butterfly left, she felt hollow disappointment carve into her thorax. She lowered herself closer to the ground. With her destroyed wing and bright coloring, she stood out from the long grass like a sore thumb. She knew there was little time left before she would be devoured by ants or picked up by a bird, and though she had accepted her fate before, something shifted her outlook now.
She perked up as she caught sight of the black wings she thought she would never see again. The butterfly was weighed down by a small flower she was carrying with her feet, and it caused her to sway in the wind. As she watched this strange creature, clearly insane enough to drag an entire flower across a field to feed a death-bound comrade, something bloomed inside of her that she had never felt before.
It was then that she knew she would live forever.
Over the next few months, the two were inseparable, save from the times when the uninjured butterfly left to gather food. She built her love a little shelter of leaves and twigs just big enough for the two of them to wander around and stretch their wings a bit, that protected her from the elements. They dug a small well together to collect water. They spent every moment they could together, and even though the unharmed butterfly had the ability and the freedom to take to the sky she loved so much and never look back, she never did. She had something better now.
They had months and months together, but as winter grew closer, they both knew their time together was coming to an end. There was no way the injured one could migrate to a warmer climate, and without one, there would not be the other.
Please leave! Save yourself! The injured butterfly begged, frustrated that the one she loved so much was being so illogical.
But I am so looking forward to watching the first snow of the season with you, the other responded serenely.
And so they both stayed, and when the first snow fell, they remained, huddled together in their shelter, savoring the feeling of the other’s wings, the faint lingering smell of flowers and fruits from seasons passed, savoring their last, perfect day together.
When death finally came, it arrived gently, taking them both in a warm, gentle sleep.
——
Hu Tao was in some hot water at the moment, and honestly, she was the only one she could blame.
Old man Zhongli had told her over and over that she shouldn’t make so many morbid jokes on the city’s bulletin board. He was all “the people of Liyue don’t appreciate your humor” this and “they will hold you accountable for this someday” that, however, Hu Tao never paid any mind to his warnings. She had just assumed he was being a stick in the mud, and that there were other kindred spirits out there, like Xingqiu, who appreciated her comedic jests. However…the people of Liyue drew a line when it came to jokes about a certain Lord of Geo.
She honestly didn’t know how this turned itself into a court case. Sure, one of her future clients (and by the looks of it, it would be the near future) saw her joke and fainted in shock. It was unfortunate that she broke her hip in the process, but Hu Tao could hardly see what she had to do with it. It wasn’t like she was going to need that hip for much longer, anyways.
She knew what she did was wrong, but she didn’t deserve to be persecuted like this. If it weren’t for her profession, she was certain she wouldn’t be facing such harsh consequences.
As Hu Tao sat at her desk, brooding about her unpleasant situation, Zhongli had somehow entered the room without her even noticing. He cleared his throat, causing her to jump in her seat.
“Archons! Zhongli! Don’t scare me like that!”
Zhongli chuckled, before placing a sheet of paper on her desk. His face fell as he turned his thoughts back to business. “You should contact this woman. She is the most renowned lawyer in Liyue, and she has just offered you a steep discount for her otherwise extremely expensive services.”
Hu Tao grabbed the paper and looked it over skeptically. It was a letter from Yanfei, an extremely successful and extremely busy lawyer that operates her firm across the street. She caught sight of the price- only one quarter of her regular rate- and raised her eyebrows. “Why such a generous discount for me specifically? Does she do this for everyone who makes it on the first page of the newspaper?”
Zhongli shook his head. “I don’t believe so. Perhaps she is a fan of your humor. Though I can’t imagine she wasn’t offended by your joke, what with her father being so close to Rex Lapis.”
Hu Tao cringed, remembering that Yanfei’s father is, in fact, an adeptus. “Do you think she may be setting me up? What if she does poorly on purpose?”
“Oh, she’d never do that. She has a reputation to uphold and she seems to dislike conflict and petty revenge. I would accept her offer, as this is quite the bargain.”
Hu Tao stared at Zhongli, who remained stoic as ever. “I trust you. I will write her a letter now.”
——
Hu Tao stood outside of Yanfei’s office, shifting from foot to foot as she rehearsed what she would say, or, more accurately, how she would explain herself before a certainly rage-filled half-adeptus.
Why did she agree to this, anyways? It was obvious Zhongli probably has some kind of “in” with the adepti. She was probably being set up, and she was walking willingly into-
A woman with bright, friendly green eyes that held a wise and intelligent gaze abruptly opened the door, halting Hu Tao’s panicked musings. “Hello! You must be Director Hu from the Wangsheng Funeral Parlor. As I’m sure you know, my name is Yanfei, and I will be your legal advisor until this unfortunate mess blows over (it won’t be long I’m sure.) Oh! Where are my manners? Come in, come in!” The woman ushered a shocked Hu Tao in, led her down a short hallway, and into a charming little room full of books. Hu Tao had to watch her feet, lest she trip over one of the towering piles that reached almost all the way up to the ceiling.
In contrast, Yanfei bounced through the room behind the desk with ease, obviously having done this hundreds of times before. She plopped herself into the plush armchair chair behind her handsome wooden desk, and cracked open an enormous book.
Hu Tao watched her in awe, as she found the correct page almost immediately without the aid of a bookmark. Her heart leapt in her chest as Yanfei looked up at her with a confused expression.
“You’re welcome to sit, Director Hu.”
Hu Tao laughed nervously. “Of course!” She hurried into the chair on the other side of the desk obediently, her heart still racing, and her face now burning with embarrassment.
Yanfei didn’t seem to notice Hu Tao’s skittishness, as she returned to her book without a second glance. “So, let’s get down to business. I believe this case shouldn’t be too difficult to resolve as you didn’t actually do anything. It says right here that in order to be charged with reckless endangerment, you have to be the direct cause of the injury, which you were not. I have confirmed with Baizhu that the woman that is suing you is actually anemic, so there’s no way to tell if she collapsed because of your post or because of her own bad health. We most likely won’t have to go to court at all.” She took a breath, and looked at Hu Tao expectantly.
Hu Tao only stared at her in shock. She had never met anyone who talked more than she herself did, and she honestly wasn’t sure how to react. After a moment, she realized she should probably respond. “Wow, that’s amazing! H-how did you find out she’s anemic? I thought that kind of information was…you know…”
“Confidential? I have many many connections that help facilitate my research. And it’s not entirely illegal, as there’s nothing explicitly stating that I can’t accidentally catch a glance at the label on others’ medication. It’s a simple mistake, after all.” Yanfei let a small smirk pull at the corners of her lips.
Hu Tao blinked at her. Wow, she goes through a lot of trouble for her clients, she thought to herself. She took a deep breath, hoping to calm her still-pounding heart. “That’s impressive. Do you do this for all of your clients?”
Yanfei chuckled, pausing a moment before responding. “Only for clients that have a good sense of humor.”
“Huh? You’re not mad?” Hu Tao didn’t realize she said that out loud until a burst of Yanfei’s bright laughter hit her ears.
“I have to admit, I didn’t appreciate the joke about our dearly departed Rex Lapis nearly as much as the others,” she stopped to let out a giggle. “But I’m not mad! What, did you think I was going to unleash the wrath of the adepti on you?”
Hu Tao glanced nervously to the side. “Uh…of course not!”
Yanfei laughed again, and wiped away a tear before continuing. “I’m sorry if I scared you, that really wasn’t my intention. I just thought it was ridiculous you were being persecuted over a harmless joke and figured I should do something to help. I may have also wanted an excuse to finally meet you in person.”
“I-I’m flattered…I didn’t realize I had a fan. You can have an autograph, if you would like.” Hu Tao relaxed into her chair, but there was still a furious blush coloring her face.
“No need! I’ll need you to sign some papers anyways.” Yanfei swiftly pulled a contract out of her desk and slid it across the table. “Sign here, here, initial here, sign here, initial here again, sign here again, and you’re done!”
Hu Tao only sat there and blinked at Yanfei. She really did seem kind of like Zhongli, but a lot cuter and a lot more fun. “Do you mind repeating that slowly?”
“Whoops! Sorry, sometimes I forget that not everyone is familiar with this process. So, sign right here…” Yanfei patiently pointed to each spot Hu Tao was supposed to sign, and waited for her to finish before moving on to the next one.
“All done!” She clapped her hands together and leaned back in her chair. She looked around, and gasped when she looked out the window. “It’s already dark outside?? When did that happen?”
“Did I make you miss an appointment?” Hu Tao stood to leave, but Yanfei waved her back down.
“No, I have nothing else planned for tonight, I just didn’t realize I was keeping you so late.”
“It’s fine! Thank you again for the discount and for helping me out with all of this. It’s a huge weight off of my shoulders. Is there anything I can do to repay you?”
Yanfei thought for a moment, tapping her finger on her lip. Her face lit up when she finally thought of something. “Take me to dinner at your favorite restaurant in Liyue!”
Hu Tao stared at her in shock. “L-like a date?”
“If you want it to be,” Yanfei responded, a smile playing at her lips.
Hu Tao nodded, the red stain of a blush making its way from her cheeks and down her neck. “I think that would be nice, but I don’t really go out to eat…”
Yanfei raised her eyebrows at that remark. “Oh, of course! I’m sure the auspicious director of the Wengsheng Funeral Parlor is much too busy to indulge herself in those ways.”
“Are you making fun of me?”
“Not at all! I’m sorry if it came off that way. I genuinely value the work you do. Few people in Liyue have the guts to pursue such a profession.”
Archons, was it getting hot in that room? Hu Tao thought so, as the fiery heat that was trapped under her hat began to make her sweat. “Thank you,” she responded shyly. “I was born into this profession, but it still is hard work. That’s why my consultant, Mr. Zhongli, ends up doing much more than what’s in his job description to help out. He usually makes meals for the both of us.”
“That’s so sweet!” Yanfei’s eyes lit up. “You’re so lucky! I wish I didn’t have to stumble around in the kitchen after work every day.”
“Well, there’s usually always leftovers, so if you would like to avoid your nightly kitchen stumbling, I would really like it if you could join us.” Hu Tao couldn’t help but smile, proud of how smooth she was, and charmed by Yanfei’s infectious grin.
“I would like that, as well. Shall we go?”
——
“Welcome back, Director Hu. I trust your meeting with Yanfei went well,” Zhongli asked from the kitchen that was tucked away into the corner of the funeral parlor. Once the two women entered the room, he finally turned around to face them, and a look of surprise crossed his face. “Oh! She’s here!”
Yanfei giggled. “I hope it isn’t too much trouble, but I was wondering if I could join you two for dinner tonight? Director Hu told me this is her favorite restaurant.”
Zhongli chuckled under his breath. “Of course! However, if Director Hu was struggling to find ideas, she could have always come to me for restaurant recommendations.”
“Yeah, yeah, yeah, I know,” Hu Tao jested, rolling her eyes. “I just figured since you’re already making dinner, this would have the shortest wait time.”
Zhongli had his back to her again, as he was tending to the soup he was making, but Hu Tao knew he was probably holding back a laugh or rolling his eyes or making fun of her in his head in some way. It wasn’t her fault that this was the first time she had taken anyone home…
Hu Tao led Yanfei to the sitting area of the parlor, and they sat awkwardly on the hot-so-comfy couch that was honestly meant to be more of a decoration than anything someone should sit on.
“Does Mr. Zhongli always make you dinner,” Yanfei asked, swinging her legs.
Hu Tao shrugged passively. “Most of the time, unless he’s meeting with clients for dinner.”
Soon enough, their dinner was ready, and they sat at a small table in the kitchen.
“Well, I will take my meal home if that’s alright with you. I’m sure you two would enjoy some privacy.” Zhongli headed towards the door, taking his bowl of soup with him.
“You should stay! I’ve heard you’re knowledgeable in all things, and I wouldn’t mind putting that to the test.” Yanfei smiled at him, leading him back to the table.
Zhongli chuckled. “Well, I wouldn’t say I’m knowledgeable in all things. For example, the Anemo Archon from Mondstat. I know little to nothing about him, and I couldn’t care less.”
A violent gust threw the window open, and Yanfei shrieked, clinging to Hu Tao’s arm.
“Whoops. I shouldn’t make jokes like that,” Zhongli laughed as he closed the window.
Hu Tao laughed along with him, gazing at Yanfei, who was still attached to her arm. “Are you alright?”
Yanfei realized how tightly she was gripping Hu Tao’s arm, and a blush spread over her face. “Oh, yes. I’m fine. The timing was just a little…”
“I understand. Strange things like that do happen here from time to time,” Hu Tao giggled, before clapping her hands. “Let’s eat!”
“So, Mr. Zhongli. Do you have any funny stories Director Hu may not have the courage to tell me about,” Yanfei asked after swallowing a mouthful of soup, a smirk playing at her lips.
“W-what’s that supposed to mean?” Hu Tao cried indignantly, nudging her on the shoulder.
“You know, like when you take someone home and your mom starts flipping through your baby pictures with them. That kind of stuff.”
“I apologize. I have no such baby pictures to show you.” Zhongli began. “However, I do remember when a certain someone stole Xinqiu’s notebook because she was cross about losing one of their rap-battles.”
Yanfei’s face lit up. “You have rap battles with your friends? Can I join sometime? I need to polish my skills if I ever want to make a rap career a reasonable backup plan.”
Hu Tao struggled not to spit out the soup in her mouth. She swallowed painfully and was finally allowed to let out a laugh. “Yeah! I warn you though, Xingqiu plays dirty, and he’ll come after every person you love.”
“Sounds exciting!”
They continued with the banter long after their meals finished, sharing stories about their daily lives, hobbies, and anything else they could think of. Zhongli seemed to be having a good time, too, but he retired for the night long before Yanfei and Hu Tao did, and they continued talking late into the night. Somewhere along the way, they moved themselves outside, taking seats on the steps leading to the funeral parlor, the warm lights from the still-bustling streets of Liyue illuminating their faces.
“Say, Yanfei. Can I ask you a question?”
Yanfei perked up. “Sure! What is it?”
“I know you said you offered me a discount because you liked my sense of humor, but is that really the only reason? Did you happen to have this exact scenario in mind?”
Yanfei laughed nervously, rubbing the back of her neck. She has been caught. “Maybe. I wasn’t expecting Mr. Zhongli to cook for me or anything, but I was interested in spending some time with you.”
Hu Tao looked away, slightly flustered. “Why do you want to spend time with me, specifically? Seems ironic for an immortal half-illuminated beast to want to spend time with someone who is constantly surrounded by death.”
Yanfei raised her eyebrows, and Hu Tao could see her retreat into her mind, absorbed in her own thoughts. “There is something that drew me to you, but it’s a bit…strange. Do you believe in reincarnation?”
It was Hu Tao’s turn to be surprised. “I’m not sure. Why?”
“I’m not sure if it was a dream or a memory, but I feel like I’ve met you before. From what I can recall, you made a great sacrifice on my behalf. I’m not certain it really happened, but I would like to return the favor if I can.”
Hu Tao nodded silently. “So you’re repaying a debt?”
Yanfei bit back a smile. “Not quite…this is a little more selfish than that, I think. I got to spend some time with you, after all.”
Hu Tao hoped Yanfei couldn’t see her blush under the dim lights from other buildings, but given the way Yanfei was affectionately smiling at her, she probably could. “Well, just in case we were close before, we should probably get reacquainted now. Y’know, just to be safe.”
Yanfei giggled, sliding her hand on top of Hu Tao’s. “I think we should, too. Just to be safe.”
Hu Tao leaned in, her heart racing faster than it ever had before. She snuck a quick peck on Yanfei’s cheek, pulling away immediately as though she was trying not to get caught.
Yanfei looked at her with wide eyes, before bursting into laughter.
Hu Tao felt her face go red. “Don’t laugh at me! I got caught up in the moment!”
Yanfei took some deep breaths in between giggles, wiping a tear from her eye. “Sorry, that was just so cute! Come here.” She cupped Hu Tao’s face with her hands, pulling her in for a real kiss.
Hu Tao had never experienced this sensation before. That never stopped her from giving Xingqiu advice on kissing, but now she realized it was much different than she imagined. Yanfei’s mouth was soft and warm, and that invited her to deepen the kiss. After a few breathless moments, they pulled away, smiles on both of their faces. There was a glowing warmth building in Hu Tao’s chest, and in that moment she really did believe that they had known each other for a long, long time.
Perfect days don’t come often, though when they do, they are meant to be savored.
Hello once again so this story I'm making is my headcanon and it's Izuku's birthday type also their in their first year at UA also I don't like writing Kacchan so on with the story words: over 2000
(third-person POV)
Today is July 15th to most people will think so what it's just another day but today is Izuku Midorya's birthday his 16th birthday to be exact now a little background information nobody at UA knows it's his birthday except an explodey boy Katsuki Bakugou and the teachers would know if they looked in his student files especially Aizawa but he's too lazy to look through them but if he did he would know a lot of stuff but let's go back to understand why nobody knows it's his birthday.
It all started back on Izuku's 4th birthday the day izuku was deemed quirkless once izuku learned that of course, he told his so-called friends and well they didn't like that izuku was quirkless the only one who was ok with it was katsuki at first until he didn't and that's when everything went down hill for are broccoli boy nobody wanted to come to his birthday anymore because he was quirkless the only people who came to his birthday party was katsuki his parents and inko no one else came and that when on until his 7th birthday when he told his mother I don't want to have a birthday party anymore at first inko was at first saying "are you sure hunny" and he replied "yes mom I don't want to anymore" and so inko applied with his request and so izuku never had a birthday party after seven but on his birthday izuku always found a present on his window seal (in my head they live in a one-story house instead of an apartment) it was never labeled on who it was from but the present was always amazing and as he got older he stopped telling people when his birthday was even when he got to UA he didn't tell anybody.
Now let's move on to the present time it's twenty minutes into the class and izuku is not in class now you must be wondering where is he well he slept through his alarm clock he tends to forget it's his birthday the night before the only reason he remembers it's his birthday is because of his mom and so izu worked his ass off until he passed out and on top of that he forgot it was a school night and so that means he slept through his alarm and now is in a frantic parade(?) to get ready now, back to the class Aizawa is teaching them English right about now most of the class was getting worried about izuku but are local boom boom boy is currently having a mental crisis let's peek into his mind shall we "where the hell is this damn nerd" "come on Deku" "where the hell are you" well it seems he's freaking out right now so is izu close friends mostly uraraka and iida and aizawa was to but you can't tell he just looks annoyed and then all of the sudden you could hear a sound that sounded like horses stampeding through a field and that's when the door busted open and there was the resident bone breaker came through heaving like hell and basically the hole class was worried for him because of aizawa would give him a punishment worse than hell because he is 30 minutes late Aizawa is relieved that he's ok(dadzawa moments) "problem child care to explain why you are late" and right when he was about to explain what happened that's when the angry pomeranian stood up and walked in front of the class the whole class just sat there confused same with Aizawa izu on the other hand just was confused" what the hell is kaachan doing" as soon as he was in the front he pulled his hands out of his pockets and got ready to do an explosion the class was ready for the attack Aizawa was about to erase his quirk when he saw something in his hands was a smoke bomb and not any ordinary smoke bombs it was those colorful ones and with that Aizawa decided to stand down and see what he was going to do and at that same time he exploded them and a burst of color went everywhere and with all of his might he yelled at the top of his lungs "HAPPY BIRTHDAY IZUKU" and with that everybody froze for a split second then they all looked and izu and had the same thought "it's Izuku/Deku/Midoriya/Problem child's birthday" while izuku was frozen stiff kat was kinda having a freak out again and started freaking out, even more, when izuku started crying it was slow at first but started to be more constant and Then he fell to the floor still crying and Kat did the most reasonable thing he could think of. He ran to Izu and asked him if he was ok " damnit Izuku are you ok I shouldn't have done that" which shocked the class even more including Aizawa. (I imagine that izu would have slight PTSD from the explosions)
At first, izuku couldn't speak because he was crying too much but he was shocked because thee Bakugou Katsuki was trying to calm him down and let's not get started on the class let's just say Class 1-gay EXE has stopped working and is pending for a reboot (I'm sorry I just find this funny) about five minutes later is when izuku calmed down enough and Class 1-gay was functioning again kat was the first one to talk "Zuzu are you ok" In a very calming voice with teary eyes izuku looked at kat and said "thank you kat I can't believe you remembered it's my birthday I even forgot that it was today" while wiping his tears away now everyone had to double-take two reasons one izuku called bakugou kat instead of kacchan two he forgot his BIRTHDAY even katsuki was shocked that Izuku forgot his birthday.
Kat just looked at him and smiled "you're welcome izu and I wouldn't forget your birthday I never have even when you stopped having birthday parties" with a rare smile that made everyone drop their mouths to the floor and when kat said those words something clicked in izuku's mind "you're the one who left those presents on my window seal aren't you" when izu said those words kat got a blush and avoided eye contact with izuku "yeah those were from me izu" with a smile that rivaled the sun izuku thanked him "thank you so much for those presents they were always the best" and kat's blush got even darker at that and that's when the class made themselves known again the class cooed at them for being cute mina was fangirling along with uraraka momo Hagakure even Aizawa had a smile on but it was hidden by his scarf and was calling the moment cute and let's say there are two tomatoes on the floor mostly because they forgot the class was there but the sentence that came out of Aizawa shocked the whole class" alright problem children you can have the rest of the day off to celebrate izuku's birthday and kid happy birthday" and with that Aizawa left to do something and would not be back until later (he totally went to mic and allmight to tell them it was his birthday and then they got presents for him dad moments) that shocked the class mostly because Aizawa doesn't do this and if you know Aizawa this is rare he would most definitely expel them on the spot but that shock didn't last for long that's when everyone made their way to izuku they were either telling him happy birthday or giving him hugs pats on the back and so on that when they started heading back to the dorms ( I don't exactly know when they moved into the dorms all I know is that it happened after bakugou got kidnaped I think it been a while since I watched it so sorry if I got it wrong) when they got to the dorms they threw on some music kat and sato went to the kitchen kat was on food making and sato was doing the cake some people went to momo to get something made for Izuku class-1A was just having fun and celebrating Izuku's birthday Mic Aizawa Allmight Inko and the bakugou's came to the dorms a little while later(Allmight got permission to let inko on grounds and she invited masaru and mitsuki) and Izuku was having a wonderful birthday one of his best sense he was deemed quirkless and he will always hold this day dear to him no matter, what everyone gave him presents and they had cake and intoald they had fun but there was one person that didn't give him a present yet and it was kat some people started getting worried about that but kat had his own plan when know one was paying attention he pulled izuku away to outside under the stars izu confused was an understatement but before izu could do anything he was cut off by kat with a box that had a green and orange bow "zuku here" with hesitation he grabbed the box and opened it and in the box was a necklace with a green and red stone in a pattern that went green and red and that had an engraving on it K&amp;I he looked up to him and saw him holding out the same necklace that was on his neck but the stones were red then green and the engraving was I&amp;K and izuku started to cry once again (he cried to many times today like when he was getting his presents from the others) before kat could ask him why he's crying he got pulled down to the ground by izuku jumping on him and saying thank you so many times it made his head spin he managed to sit up and when he did sit up fully izuku was calmed down enough "kat could you put this on for me" he was still sniffling when he said that "sure zuku just give it to me" izuku compiled and give it to him and he put it on izuku when it was on izuku emired it "it's so beautiful kat" "I was hoping you would like it and listen i'm sorry I was such a dick to you in middle school I shouldn't have done that to you" "katsuki its ok its in the past now and i don't care about it anymore im just happy you never forgot about me" "I would never forget about you zuzu" he said while putting his head on izukus and they spent a good while out there before they heard mama inko call them and they went inside and spent the rest of the party together just having fun and when the party ended the when to izuku's room and just talked and had fun the next morning you would see them cuddling each other with content looks on there faces.
~~~~~~~~~THE END~~~~~~~~~

He is late.
Of course is is. Expecting something else would be plain stupid. But still in the corners of his soul a small bit of hope lingered. The bit that died when he stepped on the grounds of the Wayne manor.
The smell hits him first. He can’t believe that she still uses the same shampoo he remembers. Same. Cognac and cinnamon. One very unexpected smell for a shampoo and in his head it’s her smell altogether. It’s unique just like her.
She’s sipping from a tea cup as the morning light caresses her features and she shivers slightly as a gust of wind plays with her hair. It’s long now reaching past the middle of her back. It’s wavy and still the same dark colour boarding on purple. Her eyes are closed with her head turned towards the sun as she’s sitting at an iron table forged with an intricate design.
She’s wearing a plain pair of jeans and a dark-blue t-shirt. Funny flip-flops are finishing the morning number. They are bright green and he things it’s so different from what she’d usually choose but it also flatters him this green colour.
Looking at her now, so serene, all he wants to do is touch her face, the column of her neck, her shoulders…the thoughts of her never left…not while he was away, leaving and putting thousands of miles between them didn’t help. But he had to do it, had to subject himself to it. Probably the way he left was wrong, without even leaving a note, turning the phone off, creating a nothing in a place where he used to be.
She doesn’t see or sense him. He’s too stealth now. Five years didn’t go to waste in that department.
He’s been staring long enough when he finally decides to come out of the hiding place made of the rich flora of the millionaire’s grounds when his ears deduct a noise, it’s light but it’s getting closer. A pair of overly light feet drumming on the pavement.
This is the noise she does hear or more likely senses it with a sixth sense because her head snaps in the direction of the backdoor of the huge mansion and her lips instantly curl up in the biggest smile.
Gar takes a step back, the one he’s made just a second before. His eyes sharpen and he watches a small child of not more than three or four years of age with brown hair neatly arranged in two pigtails run out of the compounds of the Wayne Castle.
Rachel gets up only to fall to her knees as the little girl almost tackles her to the ground, both of them laughing. She hugs the child with such tenderness that it might have hurt if it wasn’t so heartfelt.
“Daya! Where are…” The voice slices through the picture and both girls look up.
Gar watches his former leader, a teammate and a friend walk into the yard grinning at the two, his eyes sparkling. Dick Greyson hasn’t really changed much, he’s a bit over thirty now so it’s still the same age gap. If anything he looks better, more accomplished and maybe even more relaxed. Beast Boy can’t really tell from one glance. But the change is obviously there.
“I was looking everywhere for you, young lady.” He tells the little girl with an attempt of being strict. But he fails miserably as the corners of his thin lips raise up on their own accord.
That’s when Rachel stands up picking the girl up with her, placing the child on her hip s she does so.
“Were you, Richard?” She asks and smiles at Dick as well while the girl giggles and hides her head into Raven’s shoulder.
“You’re ganging up on me again?” Nightwing nods in understanding, pretending to be offended.
“Maybe a little…” Rachel offers and grins.
“Makes me so sad.” He replies without skipping a bit.
“Noooo!” The small girl in Rachel’s arms cry out and her hands stretch out to the man in front of them. “Don’t be sad daddy!”
“Ohhh this is my girl…” Dick takes the girl from Rachel and while she doesn’t see sticks a tongue out in Raven’s direction.
“Smartass.” She mutters. “I could make that tongue of yours disappear, you know? Send it somewhere where the sun doesn’t shine. At all.”
“Daya, heard that? She wants to take away my tongue away!” Dick says to the girl in his arms who’s name is obviously Daya.
“Mommy no! You can’t!” She breathes out and both his ex-teammates find it way too adorable.
“You love me anyway.” Nightwing gives a pointed look at Rachel as if he’s proven some kind of point.
“Pfff. Wouldn’t count on it.” She smirks shaking her head at his antics but follows the two when Dick turned to go back inside the house

Gar’s compose is all but gone. Mommy and daddy? Rachel and Dick? How…well probably he knows exactly how but….
They are a picture of a perfect family. Something none of them, not a single one of the titans, ever had. The two of them do now.
And he’s just standing in the bushes of somebody else’s house and watches the love of his life living her best life with the other man. He should be happy for her. For THEM because Dick is a friend as well. But he’s not happy for them. Not in the least. He simply can’t be.
He’s hollow. And he feels the traitorous tears burning at the back of his eyes. Tears he can’t allow. Tears he doesn’t deserve to shed.
BeastBoy takes another look at the back door where the family has used and he’s still not sure what to do next.
Everything he’s known and expected has just went to hell.
“Jiang Cheng. You are being a little delusional here.”
“Me? Delusional?” Jiang Cheng scoffs. “I’m interested in women.” He doesn’t look so sure as he says this. “They’re...nice. Usually. And they-- I don’t know. Women are good. Great. I’ll marry one someday. Maybe.” He’s floundering. “There’s nothing unusual about...appreciating a man’s efforts in his appearance once in a while.”
“You told Huaisang that he had a laugh like the most melodious and exquisite bird when we got drunk that one night.”
“Shut 
    up.
   It’s not like you don’t compliment Lan Wangji on everything down to the air he breathes.”
“What’s your point?”
“It’s...you…”
Wei Wuxian just idly twirls a lock of his hair with a finger, lying on the bed. On 
    Jiang Cheng’s
   bed.
Jiang Cheng huffs and rolls his eyes, accidentally nudging his knees against Wei Wuxian’s. “Also why are you in my bed again?”
“I’ve told you many times. I'll marry Lan Wangji in a heartbeat if he so much as smiles at me. Do you really think that’s what someone says about a friend?” Wei Wuxian conveniently ignores his second question.
“That’s different. You two are hardly even friends.”
Wei Wuxian scoffs in offense. “Well excuse-”
“And he’s just-” Jiang Cheng interrupts, frowning. “He’s Lan Wangji. That explains it, doesn’t it?”
“Yeah,” Wei Wuxian answers, eyes going dreamy. It should be disgusting, but Jiang Cheng is sure his face looks the same for the briefest moment. His hair is just so silky and-
“But wait, you’re only proving my point A-Cheng!”
“Which is?”
“You don’t just have one or two crushes. What about that time you became a stuttering mess in front of-”
“Quiet,” Jiang Cheng says, muffling Wei Wuxian’s mouth with a firm hand. Wei Wuxian struggles to speak against it, still trying. He realizes too late that Wei Wuxian’s lips are now on his palm, and they’re actually kind of soft and it almost feels like he’s kissi-
He draws back his hand, cheeks burning. Wei Wuxian fortunately mistakes it for embarrassment about the memory he brought up.
“A-Cheng,” Wei Wuxian says, grinning. “You seem a little defensive.”
“Am not.”
“Are too.”
“Am 
    not!
  ”
“You know it’s so cute when you get embarrassed?”
“No-- You think I’m cute?” It’s out before he can stop himself.
Wei Wuxian’s eyes light up and he looks downright gleeful. “Oh, A-Cheng. My sweet, sweet A-Cheng. Do you have a teeny tiny crush on me too-”
“Ugh, I hate you!” Jiang Cheng buries his face against the pillow. He can’t handle Wei Wuxian’s teasing. It has to qualify as cruel and unusual torture. His voice is muffled as he says, “What’ll it take for you to forget about it all and leave me alone?”
“I don’t think you want me to leave you alone.” Wei Wuxian’s breath tickles his ears. They turn red, betraying him. He makes a rather embarrassing sound when he feels Wei Wuxian’s fingers walk along his back. Wei Wuxian only laughs more. “Just admit you would cut your sleeve for a pretty boy. Or rather, all the boys we met back in Cloud Recesses.”
“I’m taking your bed since you refuse to leave mine.”
“No, I was just teasing A-Cheng, stay with your shixiong and keep him warm,” Wei Wuxian immediately whines.
“Wei Wuxian-”
Wei Wuxian puts an arm around his waist to keep him close, and Jiang Cheng gives up struggling to get out of bed. Maybe a little too easily, but he’s tired, okay? And besides, if he leaves, Wei Wuxian will just keep talking to him from across the room. And then he’ll call him shy too. Probably.
So. Jiang Cheng has many reasons to stay put in Wei Wuxian’s embrace.
“Mm. Nice and warm,” Wei Wuxian says, nosing against Jiang Cheng’s neck in a very, very unnecessary way. “I still want to talk about your crushes, A-Cheng.”
“Do I have a choice?”
“Nope. Let’s start from the beginning.”
“What is this? Story time or torture your shidi time?”
“Both works.”
“You know I’ll never be able to look any of them in the face ever again, right?” Jiang Cheng doesn’t know if he’ll be able to look Wei Wuxian in the face either. Maybe he doesn’t have to, if he presses his face back into the safety of his pillow. He could spend eternity like that, that’s fine.
“As I was saying. Start from the beginning, Jiang Cheng.”
“What? You’re going to make 
    me
   tell you everything?”
“It’s a good exercise in self-awareness. Yes.”
“You just like seeing me suffer.”
“Maybe. You look so sweet when you’re mad at me.”
Jiang Cheng groans into the pillow. “I’m beginning to think you have a crush on 
    me.
  ”
“I can recognize that my shidi is pretty,” Wei Wuxian answers nonchalantly, patting his back. “Now. The beginning. Who was it? Huaisang?”
“Wei 
    Wuxian.
  ”
“Oh? Or was I your first crush?” Wei Wuxian is only half-joking now. Jiang Cheng’s face is hot, and even the pillow can’t hide all of his flushed face. He turns his head to the side and accepts his fate. “Oh. A-Cheng,” Wei Wuxian says quietly, expression soft.
“I was...younger then, that’s all.”
“That doesn’t change anything,” Wei Wuxian murmurs, idly stroking at his hair. It’s nothing new; Wei Wuxian has always been touchy. It makes Jiang Cheng’s arms raise in goosebumps this time. “Unless you aren’t over it.”
Jiang Cheng can hardly meet Wei Wuxian’s eyes, but that is a mistake. His eyes are on his lips instead. His own lips part, and he closes his eyes while ignoring his words. “I’ll start with Jin Zixuan.” He has to deflect.
“The 
    peacock?
  ”
“Do you want me to talk or not?”
“Okay, okay, shutting up.”
I: Jin Zixuan
Jiang Cheng decides right away that he hates Jin Zixuan. His sister deserves so much better than a spoiled brat that needs at least four other disciples to attend to him at all times. Seriously, that guy is never alone for even five minutes.
Why it bothers Jiang Cheng so much isn’t clear, but he just knows he hates it. It’s almost cowardly of Jin Zixuan. Would he even fight on his own if he needed to, or would someone else do that for him too?
Most of all, Jiang Cheng 
    hates
   seeing him talk to his sister. He has the audacity to still talk to her after that first encounter at the inn, where he practically kicked them out without a shred of guilt.
Jiang Cheng needs to keep an eye on him, as much as he can without being found out. So when he watches Jin Zixuan extra closely during training, it’s purely for the sake of watching out for his sister’s happiness and making sure the man she has to marry isn’t a total jerk.
However, Jiang Cheng’s self-imposed task only serves as more frustration throughout the first week. Jin Zixuan is a surprisingly good fighter. He learns this when paired up with him for sparring. His movements are quick but impactful, and he doesn’t shy away from attacks like Jiang Cheng thought he might.
Though when Jin Zixuan knocks Jiang Cheng’s sword out of his hand, Jiang Cheng swears it’s because everything about Jin Zixuan is just too distracting
    . 
  His hair swings heavy and lustrous around his shoulders when he fights, and his eyes are surprisingly doe-like up close despite hard concentration. Speaking of his eyes, his lashes are dark and long-- and great, now Jiang Cheng’s staring at him like a total idiot.
“You okay?” comes his soft voice, and Jiang Cheng’s cheeks are warm. From exertion, of course.
“Yes.” It’s oddly considerate of Jin Zixuan to ask, and maybe he’s not so bad after all.
“Good, it would be worrisome if you were winded just from that.”
And the pompous peacock is back.
“Jiang Cheng, what’s with you lately?” Wei Wuxian asks later that night, watching him from across their guest room.
“Hm?” Jiang Cheng asks, taken away from his thoughts about how Jin Zixuan’s nails looked unfairly neat and manicured for someone who’s that good at fighting.
“The peacock. Why are you always around him? It’s weird.”
“We have to make sure he’s right for our Jiejie, don’t we?” Jiang Cheng says, shrugging and flipping a page of the book he’s studying from. He will not be like that poor disciple who was on the wrong side of Lan Qiren’s impatience today.
“That’s a good point,” Wei Wuxian says, and it almost seems like he’ll let it go. “Or,” he gets a mischievous look in his eyes. Jiang Cheng doesn’t look up at him.
“Or?” He’ll humor him.
“You’ve been hanging around him because you really just like Mianmian!”
“That’s ridiculous.”
“Why? She’s pretty! And smart too. Jiang Cheng. Look me in the eyes and tell me that you don’t like Mianmian.”
Jiang Cheng looks up at him with a bland expression. “I do not like Mianmian.”
Wei Wuxian looks a little put out by this. Jiang Cheng didn’t hesitate, didn’t blush. There wasn’t even a twitch of a shy smile.
“Fine. It’s just weird, that’s all.”
“How?”
“You and I wanted to have nothing to do with him when we got here. I wouldn’t spend extra time around him even for Jiejie’s sake, if I’m being honest,” Wei Wuxian says, frowning.
Jiang Cheng doesn’t answer as he looks back to his book. Lan Qiren would be quizzing them tomorrow, he can sense it.
-
Present day
“That was...unexpected. I guess the peacock’s hair’s nice, but that’s about it,” Wei Wuxian says, “Though I knew something was off with you. You hated him, it made no sense.”
“It still doesn’t. Do you think I 
    wanted
   to think he was...okay looking?” Jiang Cheng huffs.
“Okay looking? You just waxed poetic about his eyelashes, don’t even try to play this down,” Wei Wuxian answers. It’s weird to annoy Wei Wuxian instead of the other way around.
“So you really didn’t like Mianmian, huh?” Wei Wuxian asks with a grin. “I’m dying to hear who’s next. We’re going chronologically, right?”
“Hm. Somewhat.”
“That must mean Huaisang.”
Jiang Cheng is silent.
“Right?”
He swallows nervously.
“A-Cheng…” Wei Wuxian says with trepidation when he sees the look on his face.
“Don’t- you can’t tell anyone. Or laugh.”
“What? It can’t be too embarrassing. It’s not like you had a crush on old man Qiren or something.”
Jiang Cheng lips tighten nervously, eyes diverting.
“Oh, A-Cheng.”
“I just admired him, okay? And he was nice.”
“Nice? Are there two different  Lan Qirens or something?”
Jiang Cheng gives Wei Wuxian a withering expression.
“Okay, my lips are sealed. Continue.”
II: Lan Qiren
“Excellent control, Jiang Cheng,” Lan Qiren says as he passes him.
They have been holding a form with their knees bent, and Jiang Cheng’s thighs are on fire now. But the praise is all it takes to keep getting through it.
“No relaxing your arms, Wei Wuxian,” Lan Qiren says, shaking his head. “And stop trying to talk to young master Nie.”
Jiang Cheng can’t help but let his eyes dart over to Wei Wuxian. His shixiong isn’t exactly struggling, but this is a bit harder for him focus-wise.
Later as they go through different forms, Lan Qiren stops in front of Jiang Cheng. “Good again, young master Jiang. Though just a little higher,” he says, using two fingers under Jiang Cheng’s forearm to keep his arm level with his shoulders. The touch is barely noticeable through the layers of Jiang Cheng’s robes, but he knows it’s there. Once Lan Qiren turns away again, Jiang Cheng blinks, heart beating a little faster. It’s strange, considering the movements are still very easy to control without too much exertion.
“Everyone should follow young master Jiang’s lead. His meditation practice is really showing in his form,” Lan Qiren says at the front of the disciple formation. “You should all strive to be just as focused as him.” Lan Qiren eyes Wei Wuxian meaningfully. Lan Qiren only gets a little smile in return, and his eyes harden.
Jiang Cheng would roll his eyes in any other situation, but he remains as he is. As much as he doesn’t consider himself a kiss-up, it’s...an experience to be praised for once, to say the least.
“See me afterwards,” Lan Qiren says as he passes him once more while Lan Xichen guides them all to the next movement. Jiang Cheng stares a moment before nodding.
When training finally does end, Jiang Cheng hesitantly makes his way to Lan Qiren.
“Jiang Cheng. I’m impressed by your improvement in such a short time,” Lan Qiren says. There’s the smallest hint of a smile, and Jiang Cheng swallows. He bows quickly.
“All because of Lan laoshi’s teachings,” he answers, straightening his posture.
“Which is why I want to know why Wei Wuxian,” Lan Qiren continues, frowning slightly, “Has so little focus.”
Jiang Cheng’s lips tighten. As much as it feels incredible to be the subject of Lan Qiren’s praise, he can’t bring down Wei Wuxian in the process. He glances over at where his shixiong is laughing with Nie Huaisang before meeting Lan Qiren’s eyes again.
“Master Lan. Wei Wuxian has always been very skilled. It...that’s possibly why you see more improvement in me, because I still have so much to learn,” Jiang Cheng answers.
Lan Qiren strokes his beard and looks at Jiang Cheng with scrutinizing eyes. “Do try to encourage him to meditate more. Good work today,” he answers. Jiang Cheng bows once more and Lan Qiren leaves.
-
Present day
“Jiang Cheng you...you said that?” Wei Wuxian asks quietly, eyes looking unbearably soft. It must be the dim candlelight. Wei Wuxian isn’t teasing him mercilessly like he’d expected.
“What else would I have said?” Jiang Cheng answers, huffing and looking away.
“No, no. It was very sweet,” Wei Wuxian says, his fingers pushing away Jiang Cheng’s hair from the nape of his neck to lightly rub there. Jiang Cheng’s shoulders relax, and he hums in answer.
“Talking behind someone’s back is prohibited,” Jiang Cheng says, voice going into a rather poor imitation of the elder Lan. Wei Wuxian giggles anyways, his warm breath hitting Jiang Cheng’s cheek. Jiang Cheng feels his chest warm as it always does when he manages to make Wei Wuxian genuinely laugh.
“Ah, whoever gets you in the future is going to laugh themselves to death. They’re very lucky,” Wei Wuxian says, tone a little breathy. The way he says it is so earnest that Jiang Cheng has to lower his gaze. He smiles though, unable to help it.
“So Mr. Perfect Form, tell me more about your little crush on the old man.”
Jiang Cheng’s smile drops.
“He just-” Jiang Cheng shakes his head. “Let me say right now that it was very, very brief, and hardly anything. Hardly a crush at all. I’m just telling you to be comprehensive.”
“Did you like his beard?”
Jiang Cheng closes his eyes with a sigh.
“Oh. You 
    did,
   didn’t you?” Wei Wuxian is laughing now, and Jiang Cheng knew he was being too hopeful earlier. “Jiang Cheng, I don’t blame you, all the Lans are 
    hot.
  ”
Jiang Cheng pinches Wei Wuxian’s lips shut with two fingers. Again, they’re soft. He immediately lets go. “I think you’re so curious because you’re the one with a crush on him.”
“On Lan Qiren? Never. I’m just saying, it definitely runs in the family. They’re all so tall and gorgeous, and I bet they’re hiding really big-”
“Wei Wuxian, shut up before I gag you.”
Wei Wuxian does shut up, eyes wide and unblinking. Jiang Cheng rolls his eyes when a smirk starts to creep onto Wei Wuxian’s face.
“Pervert, not like that.”
“Jiang Cheng, you’re something else when you get mad,” Wei Wuxian giggles, poking his cheek.
“I hardly see how, considering it’s my default emotion around you.”
“True, true. Now speaking of Lans, I bet Lan Zhan was next on your list.”
“No. Too stuck up.”
“Aw, come on, A-Cheng, anyone with eyes has a crush on Lan Zhan!” Wei Wuxian says, almost looking offended.
“Not my type.”
“So?” Wei Wuxian asks, unable to comprehend anyone not liking Lan Wangji even a little bit. “Unless...you’re just being a good shidi because I like him?” he asks slyly.
“No.”
“Then what? Are you jealous?”
Jiang Cheng goes quiet. He’s very bad at lying.
“A-Cheng, there’s no need to be jealous! I’m sure he'd pick you over me any day. I mean, if he ever stops repressing his feelings.”
“I couldn’t care less about who Lan Wangji picks.”
“Huh?” Wei Wuxian looks adorably confused for a moment, and Jiang Cheng looks away again. “Oh. We’re…are going back to whatever this is?” he asks quietly as he gestures between their faces, as if someone could overhear them. “Then maybe you would care who picks. If that person was me?”
“Hm.” Jiang Cheng is frowning just at the thought.
“Okay, okay, no more talking about Lan Zhan,” Wei Wuxian says gently, his hand going back to rest over Jiang Cheng’s neck.
“No. I...you’re right. Anyone with eyes could see that he...makes a strong first impression.”
Wei Wuxian nods encouragingly, remaining quiet.
III: Lan Wangji
Lan Zhan this, Lan Zhan that. It’s all Jiang Cheng hears from his shixiong anymore. Lan Zhan looked at me today, Lan Zhan’s beauty is like the moon, Lan Zhan’s eyelashes are like the fluttering of butterflies wings, Lan Zhan smells like roses even after training.
Jiang Cheng is sick of it.
What’s more, he can’t exactly disagree. The man is perfect. Too perfect.
So perfect that when Jiang Cheng is paired with him during sparring for the first time, Jiang Cheng actually gets knocked onto his ass like an idiot and sprains his knee. Perfect Lan Wangji helps him up and excuses themselves from practice to help him to the cold pond. Jiang Cheng would have been fine going straight to bed, but Lan Qiren had insisted that it would be the fastest way for him to heal.
Lan Wangji even helps him remove his boots so he can submerge his legs into the freezing pond. He turns his face to wince when he sits too, his tailbone surely bruised. The last thing he wants is to have to get waist deep in this awful pond. Lan Wangji doesn’t respond to his protests that he is capable of managing on his own. Of course Jiang Cheng immediately clutches onto Lan Wangji’s shoulder with both hands when he puts his legs in, the cold water a shock to his system.
And then they are sitting in complete silence. It’s awkward.
At least for Jiang Cheng.
“Why did you do so much to help me? You could have gotten Wei Wuxian,” Jiang Cheng says, unable to bear the silence anymore.
“I hurt you, your recovery is my responsibility,” Lan Wangji says in his detached way, eyes still focused on the pond in front of them. Jiang Cheng winces as his legs start to feel numb from the water, and Lan Wangji looks at him with what could possibly be concern. It’s hard to tell.
“You didn’t hurt me on purpose, I know how to fall better than that when I’m knocked over. I shouldn’t have tried to stay standing until the last moment,” Jiang Cheng answers, shaking his head.
“You were distracted. Why?” Lan Wangji’s eyes are still on him, and now Jiang Cheng looks away. There’s no way that he’s going to stroke Lan Wangji’s ego. Speaking of stroking. Lan Wangji’s hair does look as soft as Wei Wuxian says it is. How his shixiong knows that, he isn’t sure.
“Wei Wuxian was trying to talk to me,” Jiang Cheng says, clearing his throat.
“Wei Ying does talk a lot,” Lan Wangji says, adding absolutely nothing to the conversation but at least not catching his lie. He hopes. Wait, Wei Ying?
“Wait, Wei Ying?” he asks out loud, frowning. “Since when do 
    you
   call him that?” Jiang Cheng feels something uncomfortable in his chest. He doesn’t want to examine it further.
“We should go back now,” Lan Wangji says, not acknowledging Jiang Cheng’s confusion. Jiang Cheng doesn’t have time to even bring it up, because Lan Wangji is helping him with his boots and pulling him up with...very strong arms. It’s distracting.
Lan Wangji helps him walk again, and this time Jiang Cheng needs to support himself more fully against Lan Wangji. Only because his legs are somewhat numb from the cold, and not for any other reason. Jiang Cheng has a hand on Lan Wangji’s broad shoulder again too, doing his best to minimize his limping in the hopes that Lan Wangji won’t fuss so much over him. If that’s what this is.
Then again, a part of Jiang Cheng doesn’t mind being supported by Lan Wangji’s solid...presence. Though he really doesn’t need to put one of those big hands on Jiang Cheng’s waist.
Lan Wangji also really doesn’t need to help him into his bed and pull his boots off for him again. Jiang Cheng winces as he sits, shifting his weight onto one hip when he accidentally puts pressure on his tailbone. Lan Wangji’s eyes sharpen, and he gets him an extra pillow.
“Up,” Lan Wangji says, tapping Jiang Cheng’s hip as he sits next to him on the bed. Jiang Cheng blinks but does as he asks, lifting one hip up completely as Lan Wangji leans over him. Lan Wangji braces himself with one hand on Jiang Cheng’s waist again, and pushes the pillow gently to prop up his lower back up and away from the bed. Jiang Cheng holds his breath as long hair drapes over his chest for a moment and a muted musky fragrance rushes over him with the shifting of Lan Wangji’s white robes.
“You hurt your tailbone too,” Lan Wangji comments as he sits up again, turning to make tea. He looks entirely unaffected while Jiang Cheng is trying to remember how to breathe again. His hand had felt so warm.
“Aren’t I taking up too much of your precious time, Lan Wangji?” Jiang Cheng asks. He can’t even make his tone snide. This all seems beneath Lan Wangji, in Jiang Cheng’s opinion.
“Drink,” Lan Wangji answers instead, putting the tea cup directly to Jiang Cheng’s lips. Instead of just handing it to him like a normal person.
“Mmph-” Jiang Cheng sips and then makes a face. “What 
    is
   that?”
“For faster healing,” Lan Wangji says simply, holding the cup back to his lips and using his other fingers to lightly tap his chin. “Open. Finish it all.”
Jiang Cheng feels his face heat up in embarrassment at being made to drink medicine like a child. He finishes it in one gulp, not wanting to prolong whatever weird situation he’s currently in.
“Good,” Lan Wangji murmurs, setting the cup down. That “good” sends a shiver down Jiang Cheng’s spine. Of course Lan Wangji notices this and thinks he’s cold, so he drapes the blanket over Jiang Cheng.
“Going to tuck me in and kiss me goodnight now too?” Jiang Cheng huffs, eyes challenging despite the flush on his cheeks. Lan Wangji stares at him a moment, lips parted slightly. He reaches out and swipes at Jiang Cheng’s bottom lip with his thumb. “You-”
Lan Wangji wipes his thumb off on the blanket. “Spilled tea,” he answers, yet again ignoring Jiang Cheng’s words. His eyes look a little dark though, and Jiang Cheng wonders if he angered him. “I will leave now. I will speak to Shufu about what the best plan of care for you is,” Lan Wangji says as he stands.
“I just need to rest a day or two, it’s not a big deal,” Jiang Cheng says, but Lan Wangji walks out without another word.
-
Present Day
Wei Wuxian is silent, lips parted as he studies Jiang Cheng’s face. Then he takes a deep breath. “Okay. So, what did you learn from all that just now?”
Jiang Cheng frowns. “I may...have been more interested than I thought I was.”
“Okay, but is that all? You can’t tell me that Lan Zhan wasn’t flirting with you,” Wei Wuxian says, eyes big. “I mean come on, since when does Lan Zhan even touch people? And here you are, telling me he wiped tea off your lips?”
Jiang Cheng’s face is flushed. Well, even more so than when he was recounting that particular day.
“Aww! You’re getting shy just thinking about it!”
“I swear, Wei Wux-”
“Yeah yeah, you’ll find a way to shut me up if I don’t do it myself. But really. And he was basically holding you too. Not to mention you got Lan Zhan in your 
    bed.
  ”
“Not the way you want him in your bed,” Jiang Cheng retorts.
“Yeah,” Wei Wuxian sighs, expression going a little dreamy.
“Stop it, whatever you’re thinking is absolutely not something to think about right now.”
“What? You mean I can’t think about being in bed with Lan Wangji when I’m in bed with you, A-Cheng?” Wei Wuxian asks innocently.
“Okay I’m starting on the next one,” Jiang Cheng says immediately, sure that Wei Wuxian can see how hard his heart is beating in his neck now. Or rather feel it, because Wei Wuxian’s fingers are still delicately touching his throat.
IV: Wen Ning
“Ah...Jiang-gongzi?” a soft voice calls out later that evening. Jiang Cheng had been in bed the remainder of the day, forcing himself to think about anything but Lan Wangji’s large hand on his waist, his long fingers on his chin and lips, or the dark way he’d looked at him just before leaving. Meaning, it’s all he could think about as he stared up at the ceiling.
At least no one had to know the details. Especially not Wei Wuxian. He’d never hear the end of it.
Now though, he looks up as the hesitant figure of Wen Ning enters. He’s holding a small tray, tentatively smiling.
“Wen Ning,” Jiang Cheng says, a little surprised to see him.
“Lan laoshi asked- ah- asked that Jiejie or I come help you. To help you heal. I’m sorry to hear that you got hurt in training today,” he says softly, setting the tray down on a small table near the bed. “If- if it’s okay, can I help?” he asks in his gentle stutter, that kind smile still on his face.
Jiang Cheng opens his mouth but then just nods. Wen Ning is about to kneel on the floor beside the bed, but Jiang Cheng reaches out to touch his arm. “Sit here,” he says, patting the space next to him, “It’s more comfortable. You don’t need to hurt your knees too.”
The the expression that lights up Wen Ning’s soft features makes Jiang Cheng’s breath hitch in his throat, and he can hardly look at him all of a sudden. Fortunately, Wen Ning is too distracted to notice as he settles by his legs. He pulls the table closer and then looks at Jiang Cheng’s robes. He’d shed his outer robe at some point during the day, but still has the thinnest layers on, along with his trousers.
“I’m sorry- may I?” Wen Ning asks, fingers pausing over his ankles.
“Yes, don’t apologize. I’m...I should be thanking you for helping me,” Jiang Cheng answers, giving him a hint of a smile. It’s enough to reassure Wen Ning, who smiles again and nods before starting to roll up the ankle of his trousers. He reaches a problem when the ankle hole becomes too tight to expose his knee, and Wen Ning looks up at him with an apologetic expression again.
“Jiang-gongzi, ah- I’m sorry, I won’t be able to get to your knee like this,” Wen Ning says, almost like he’s embarrassed to even ask.
“You need me to take them off?” Jiang Cheng asks gently, and Wen Ning nods, lips tightening. “Okay, not a problem, as long as it’s okay with you,” Jiang Cheng says, nodding. Wen Ning is very sweet in his concern, so considerate and kind. It makes Jiang Cheng’s chest fill with something warm and soft.
“Of course. I never mind, I just want to help you feel better,” Wen Ning answers earnestly. Jiang Cheng feels the warmth in his chest go up to his cheeks, but at least this time he doesn’t feel embarrassed. He keeps his inner robes in place with one hand as he pushes at the waist of his trousers. Wen Ning looks away while he does this, and Jiang Cheng is grateful for his thoughtfulness. However, as he tries to get his trousers off his hips, he gasps in pain.
“Jiang-gongzi?” Wen Ning asks immediately, partially shielding his own vision so he only looks at Jiang Cheng’s face.
“Um- it’s a little difficult,” Jiang Cheng says, toes curling just behind Wen Ning. “I kinda...hurt my tailbone too. I fell on it.”
“Oh! I’m sorry for not realizing,” Wen Ning says, eyes worried, “Would- should I help?”
“I might need your help, yeah,” Jiang Cheng says, ears tinged pink. “And don’t worry about it, I didn’t tell you in the first place.”
“Ah, that’s why you have the- the pillow,” Wen Ning says, nodding. “Okay, let me help,” he says, “Can you- lift your hips? Or no, you’ll strain your knee too much that way- um-”
“It’s okay, Wen Ning,” Jiang Cheng interrupts, glad he’s not the only one getting flustered now. “Just- do what you need to do.”
“Okay, I’m- I’ll help you,” Wen Ning says, shifting up on the bed. Jiang Cheng nods but is caught off guard when Wen Ning’s arm slips between the curve of his lower back and the bed, and
     lifts
   him up, while pulling his trousers down off his hips. Jiang Cheng makes a quiet sound before he can stop himself, eyes wide. Wen Ning is strong, he lifted him like he weighed absolutely nothing. It makes Jiang Cheng feel things that he really doesn’t want to right now. Especially when he only has two thin robes to protect him from losing his dignity.
Wen Ning settles him back down as carefully as he can against the pillow, and honestly, the control he has now is even more impressive than when he lifted Jiang Cheng in the first place. Jiang Cheng’s mouth goes dry. He refrains from squirming his thighs.
“I’m sorry, I know it- it probably hurt, Jiang-gongzi,” Wen Ning says, carefully pulling Jiang Cheng’s trousers down past his knees. He gingerly folds back the hem of one side of Jiang Cheng’s robes too, exposing his knee and the tiniest sliver of thigh. Jiang Cheng has never felt more exposed in his life, even when Wei Wuxian stole his robes one night when he was bathing and made him chase him along the bank of the lake.
“No problem,” Jiang Cheng squeaks out, shaking his head.
“Ah- this does look painful,” Wen Ning murmurs sympathetically, a finger tracing the side of his knee, but not touching where it’s swollen. Jiang Cheng can only hum an answer as he tries to get his heartbeat under control again.
Wen Ning reaches over to the ointments he brought, working quietly other an occasional quiet “I’m sorry” when Jiang Cheng winces in pain. His hands are so gentle though, that Jiang Cheng almost feels embarrassed for his tensing and gasping. It’s a shame that he feels pain at all when Wen Ning is being so careful with him.
“I’m going to wrap it, it- it has to be tight,” Wen Ning says softly, “I’m-”
“Don’t say sorry,” Jiang Cheng says, voice a little tense as Wen Ning pulls the fabric taut around his knee to start wrapping it.
Wen Ning’s fingers pause, but then he’s letting out the tiniest, most delicate laugh Jiang Cheng’s ever heard. Jiang Cheng’s mouth is drier than dry.
When Wen Ning ties the wrapping in place, Jiang Cheng feels like he can finally relax. Wen Ning is done touching him. Yet he’s almost disappointed.
“Jiang-gongzi I…” Wen Ning trails off, swallowing. “I should make sure your tailbone is okay too. I can put something- something on it for the soreness.”
“Oh,” Jiang Cheng says dumbly.
“I mean- it’s okay if not, I know it’s um. It’s-”
“You can,” Jiang Cheng says immediately. “It does hurt.” It does. He can barely put any weight on it. “I trust you, Wen Ning. You’re trained to heal.”
Wen Ning smiles warmly and nods, carefully pulling up Jiang Cheng’s trousers higher and stopping at the tops of his thighs. Jiang Cheng thinks to himself that it really doesn’t matter that his legs are covered when everything else is about to be exposed from under his robes. He doesn’t say it though, because Wen Ning is trying to be nice.
“Okay if- if you want I can look away while you guide my hand and- and then I can feel?” Wen Ning asks, his voice a little higher pitched now. Jiang Cheng feels a little guilty; Wen Ning must be feeling very awkward now.
“Whatever is most comfortable for you.”
“Oh, Jiang-gongzi there’s- nothing I haven’t seen before,” Wen Ning says with that soft laugh again. Maybe Jiang Cheng really is the only nervous one here.
“Then you can look. It’s faster that way,” Jiang Cheng says. When had he begun sweating?
“Okay, um, we’ll turn you over very carefully,” Wen Ning says. By “we” Wen Ning really just meant manhandling Jiang Cheng yet again. Gently, of course. At least this time Jiang Cheng can hide his reddened face against the pillow.
Wen Ning also moves the blanket up over Jiang Cheng’s waist for now, moving his robes up so only his lower back and just below it is showing. It’s actually not as awful as Jiang Cheng had been expecting as Wen Ning shifts the blanket minutely to only see the place where Jiang Cheng had fallen on.
“You did fall hard,” Wen Ning says softly, almost to himself. “I’m going to put the- the ointment now,” Wen Ning says, and Jiang Cheng hums in answer. Now that Jiang Cheng’s heart rate is somewhat normal again, he can really appreciate how soothing Wen Ning’s voice is. He does shiver a little when Wen Ning’s fingers touch his tailbone to spread the ointment. It hurt a little, but his touch is careful and efficient.
“All done,” Wen Ning says, sounding satisfied. “I’ll help you dress, Jiang-gongzi,” Wen Ning says from behind him.
“Jiang Cheng is fi-” Jiang Cheng cuts off, breath hitching when Wen Ning lifts one of his hips to pull his trousers back up, then the other side. His fingers are dangerously close to a place that has been unusually...receptive today. Fortunately Wen Ning’s hands are off before he can dwell on it.
“Jiang Cheng,” Wen Ning repeats, tone bright. “Okay we- let’s get you comfortable again,” he says, ever so carefully turning him over and propping Jiang Cheng’s hip against the pillow like before. He even neatens the hem of Jiang Cheng’s robes and readjusts the blanket to cover him properly.
“I- thank you, Wen Ning,” is all Jiang Cheng can get out, hoping the redness in his cheeks has calmed by now.
“You’re most welcome. I’m very happy to be useful,” Wen Ning says, nodding. “Otherwise I don’t have much to do here, since I don’t attend the classes. And I will come back and check on you tomorrow if. If that’s okay?”
Jiang Cheng offers him a weak smile and nods.
-
Present day
“That was...shidi, wow,” Wei Wuxian says, pretending to-- or maybe actually-- fan himself with a hand before dropping it back onto Jiang Cheng’s shoulders. “I’m beginning to wonder if you’re just collecting men at this point.”
“Ridiculous. He was helping me, that’s all. I was the one who was getting...weird about it.”
“It’s not weird! Being held and picked up by Lan Zhan and Wen Ning in one day? I’m not sure how you survived,” Wei Wuxian says, expression serious.
“Whatever.”
“No wonder you looked like you’d ran ten miles by the time I came back that evening. You looked all sweaty and...Jiang Cheng, are you leaving something out here?”
“No!” Jiang Cheng answers, blushing. It’s a permanent fixture on his face now.
“But he did come back the next day, then?”
“Mm. No.”
“No? Then who looked after you? Oh, was it Wen Qing?” Wei Wuxian asks, getting a mischievous look on his face. “I know you bought that comb in Caiyi Town for her, didn’t you?”
“Did not.” Jiang Cheng really should just shut up now.
“A-Cheng.”
“I got it for,” Jiang Cheng swallows. “For Wen Ning.”
“Oh?” Wei Wuxian says, eyes lighting up.
“Just to thank him! He was kind to me,” Jiang Cheng says defensively.
“Right, because of all the things to give him, you give him a courtship present.”
“It’s not.”
“It totally is. Just imagine. Every time he does his hair, he’ll think about you. And maybe even think about making himself look good for you.”
“Shut up.”
“You know I’m right.” Wei Wuxian is right. Jiang Cheng hates it. “But tell me, who came to visit you, if he didn’t?”
“Nie Mingjue and Lan Xichen,” Jiang Cheng mumbles, hiding his face against his pillow again.
“Huh. Okay,” Wei Wuxian says. “Wait. Them too?”
Jiang Cheng lets out an exasperated sigh into the pillow.
“Don’t blame you,” Wei Wuxian answers, shrugging next to him. “Though you know those two are…”
“Yeah, I’m very aware of that.” His voice is muffled.
“I guess that makes it even worse then,” Wei Wuxian teases. Jiang Cheng doesn’t need to look at him to know he’s grinning beside him.
V: Nie Mingjue and Lan Xichen
Jiang Cheng looks over when he hears footsteps and quiet talking outside the guest room. Everyone should be attending classes now, so he frowns and sits up a little in the bed. He’s able to do so without it hurting too much today, thanks to Wen Ning’s ointment.
“Young master Jiang,” he hears from outside the door. Lan Xichen.
“Please come in,” he answers, regretting that he’s still dressed in sleep robes and entirely unpresentable for the oldest Lan brother. It could be worse though. He hopes Lan Xichen won’t mind his state of dress too much.
“Good morning,” Lan Xichen says, sliding the door open and stepping inside. He’s not alone, and Jiang Cheng should have guessed that from the talking he’d heard moments before.
It’s Nie Mingjue.
“Zewu-jun, Chifeng-zun,” Jiang Cheng says, heart skipping a beat in a way that’s really not healthy. His whole time in Cloud Recesses is taking a toll on his health, actually.
“Ah, please relax,” Lan Xichen says when Jiang Cheng tries to get up to bow. It’s foolish, because he’s really not supposed to move his knee from where it's elevated on a pillow. “Young master Jiang, we hope it’s alright that we’re visiting. Wangji told me what happened and I thought to check on you,” Lan Xichen continues. “And Mingjue was visiting too,” he adds with a small, fond smile. 
    Mingjue. 
  “Have you two met?”
Jiang Cheng licks his lower lip and nods, eyes going to the taller man now.
“Yes we have, Xichen,” Nie Mingjue answers with a warm expression, eyes on Jiang Cheng. “A-Sang is very good friends with Wei Wuxian and Wanyin.” 
    Wanyin.
   “I’ll remind you that there’s no need to address me so formally.”
Jiang Cheng’s instinct is to pull the blankets over his face to hide. He settles on nodding and casually tugging the folds of his robes closed more, realizing he’s not even wearing his sleep robes neatly enough. “Sure, Chifeng-zun,” he answers, everything Nie Mingjue said after 
    Wanyin
   going over his head. Nie Mingjue’s smile turns to a smirk.
“Mingjue is very good at healing too, young master Jiang,” Lan Xichen says now. “Would you allow him to check your knee?”
“Oh, thank you but it’s really okay,” Jiang Cheng answers, waving both hands in front of himself to dismiss the offer.
“See? I told you, just like A-Sang,” Nie Mingjue says to Lan Xichen, and they both smile at some inside joke. “Wanyin. A-Sang got himself injured many, many times during training growing up, so I’m experienced with this sort of injury,” Nie Mingjue says, eyes focusing on Jiang Cheng’s. Jiang Cheng nods mutely, not trusting himself to speak in anything other than a squeak.
Nie Mingjue seems satisfied by his answer and crouches on the floor next to the bed. Jiang Cheng doesn’t offer to let him sit next to him, because his heart is already doing somersaults in his chest. Lan Xichen steps closer and stays standing, giving Jiang Cheng a soft smile. It does not reassure Jiang Cheng at all.
When Nie Mingjue lifts the bottom of the blanket and the edge of his robes, Jiang Cheng remembers belatedly that he’d managed to get his trousers off the night before too. It was summertime, and he was planning to just keep the blanket over himself anyways.
Nie Mingjue doesn’t seem perturbed by this, only folding the fabric back just as much as needed. “May I?” he asks, looking at the wrappings. Jiang Cheng nods jerkily, not meeting his eyes. Instead he focuses on the thin braids hanging on either side of his face. He can see Nie Mingjue smile from his peripheral vision, and holds his breath as he undoes the knot of the wrapping. Jiang Cheng sighs when he loosens it; it’s strange not having that pressure all of a sudden.
“Doesn’t look too swollen,” Lan Xichen murmurs, bending over Jiang Cheng to look closer. “Wen-gongzi did a wonderful job yesterday, I’m sure.” Lan Xichen’s hair slides over a shoulder and drapes just in front of Jiang Cheng’s face. It smells very nice. He looks away, out the window.
“I think it would help to massage it,” Nie Mingjue answers quietly.
“Oh, Chifeng-zun, you really don’t have to,” Jiang Cheng says immediately, looking at them both again. “You aren’t here to look after me, I’m taking too much of your time.”
“Nonsense. I’m good at it, so I’ll do it,” Nie Mingjue answers, before smirking up at Lan Xichen, “Aren’t I good at it?”
“Mm. Very,” Lan Xichen answers, looking down at Nie Mingjue with an expression that Jiang Cheng really feels like he shouldn’t be witnessing. It’s too intimate.
He feels like he’s going to be the first man in history to die of embarrassment.
“Wanyin. Is that okay? It’ll help you feel better,” Nie Mingjue says softly, redirecting his gaze to him.
“Okay,” Jiang Cheng answers meekly. Nie Mingjue gives him a broad smile.
“Very good,” he answers. 
    Very good.
Jiang Cheng really can’t understand why everyone seems to be saying that to him, and why it makes him break into goosebumps every time. That trail of thought is broken off when Nie Mingjue’s large, very warm hands wrap around his calf just below his knee. Jiang Cheng, embarrassingly, inhales sharply. Nie Mingjue’s hands stop. Lan Xichen’s hand goes to touch Jiang Cheng’s shoulder.
“Did it hurt?” Nie Mingjue is watching him with concern.
“No, no. Sorry.”
“Don’t apologize,” Nie Mingjue reassures, carefully continuing as he kneads at the muscles there. “I caught you off guard, didn’t I?” His words are too gentle, and Jiang Cheng focuses on breathing. And definitely not how one of Nie Mingjue’s hands could very likely wrap entirely around an ankle. “You’re very tense,” Nie Mingjue comments with a small frown. “Is Xichen’s uncle driving you all too hard?”
Lan Xichen huffs a soft laugh from above him. His hand is still on Jiang Cheng’s shoulder.
“N-no, um,” Jiang Cheng starts, Nie Mingjue’s fingers moving up to where his thigh starts. The muscles there are even more sore, and he makes a quiet, pathetic sound at the feeling.
“Feels good there, right?” Nie Mingjue asks knowingly, “It’s the best spot to massage when you sprain your knee like this.”
Jiang Cheng answers with a high-pitched “mhm” and really, really wants to hide under his blanket.
“I thought so,” Nie Mingjue answers, voice soft and rumbling. Jiang Cheng must be imagining that he feels his voice vibrate through his own chest. “You hurt your tailbone too,” Nie Mingjue points out, seeing the way the pillow props him up.
“Yes but you really don’t need to-- uh. Worry about that.”
“Don’t worry, Wanyin. We won’t go there,” Nie Mingjue answers, shaking his head. Those tiny braids dance beside his strong jaw with the motion. Jiang Cheng might burst into flames any minute. He mentally curses Lan Wangji for indirectly putting him in this situation.
Lan Xichen laughs quietly, and Jiang Cheng hopes he didn’t say any of that aloud. “Oh, you should have seen how guilty Wangji looked yesterday,” Lan Xichen says mirthfully. “He was even asking Shufu to punish him for hurting you.”
Jiang Cheng rolls his eyes. “I told him it was fine. He doesn’t owe me anything for beating me fairly.”
“He seemed to think so.”
“Tell him to stop worrying about it then. Otherwise I’ll have to listen to Wei Wuxian whining about his Lan Zhan being sad,” Jiang Cheng grumbles. Nie Mingjue lets out a surprised laugh and Jiang Cheng is momentarily transfixed by white teeth and the bob of his throat.
“I will do my best. Wangji can be...set in his ways about certain things,” Lan Xichen answers, gently squeezing Jiang Cheng’s shoulder. Jiang Cheng relaxes against Lan Xichen’s hand before he can stop himself. Lan Xichen does it again, idly.
“That’s a nice way to say he’s stubborn,” Nie Mingjue says dryly, raising an eyebrow. The feeling of his hands on Jiang Cheng’s knees is soothing, now that Jiang Cheng is more comfortable with his touch.
“I wouldn’t disagree with you, Mingjue,” Lan Xichen laughs. His laugh is sweet, Jiang Cheng notices. While Lan Qiren is stern and Lan Wangji is reserved, Lan Xichen seems to have no qualms about being openly expressive. Jiang Cheng finds himself looking up at him too now, at the long line of his throat and the brushing of his dark lashes against his cheekbones.
He looks away quickly, but Nie Mingjue is looking at him now with an unreadable expression. Like he knows exactly why Jiang Cheng was looking at Lan Xichen. As if he understands something Jiang Cheng does not.
“Speaking of brothers, Mingjue, Huaisang has been doing some wonderful work,” Lan Xichen says with a small smile.
“Not sword work, I’m guessing,” Nie Mingjue deadpans.
“He’s been painting beautifully. He even offered me one of his works,” Lan Xichen says, shaking his head. “And as much as Shufu wishes he’d put his good memory to use, he’s been very helpful in adding to our avian book collection.”
“Mm. He is good at that,” Nie Mingjue says, a small smile making its way to his lips again. Jiang Cheng thinks back to how Nie Huaisang had whined about how disappointed his Da-ge would be when he goes back home with no new skills or muscles. Looking at Nie Mingjue now, he doubts that would be the case. It’s sweet.
“Wanyin, I’ll wrap you back up again now,” Nie Mingjue says, reaching for the fabric wrapping. Jiang Cheng nods and watches his hands work deftly, the pressure a little tighter than when Wen Ning had tied it the day before. “I hope you’ll be walking again tomorrow, or even this evening. You have strong internal power,” Nie Mingjue says, dark eyes on his. Jiang Cheng nods, giving him a small smile.
“Thank you, Chifeng-zun,” Jiang Cheng answers. Nie Mingjue laughs softly and covers his legs with his robes and the blanket before standing.
“I will get you to call me Nie-xiong someday,” Nie Mingjue answers, then adds with a smirk, “Or Da-ge.”
Jiang Cheng’s lips part, cheeks faintly pink.
“Young master Jiang, please continue to take rest, we will inform young master Wen of your healing,” Lan Xichen says, saving him from stumbling over his words. He looks slightly amused though.
“Thank you, Zewu-jun,” Jiang Cheng answers, voice a little strangled.
When the two of them leave, he can hear Lan Xichen’s faint, chiding tone toward Nie Mingjue outside the closed doors.
-
Present day
“You’re kidding me. Jiang Cheng. Tell me you made all that up,” Wei Wuxian says in disbelief.
“What?”
“You got a massage from Nie Mingjue and Lan Xichen?” Wei Wuxian asks, jaw open in shock. “And you didn’t tell me before now?”
“I told you they visited! But you went off about your precious Lan Wangji before I got into details.”
“No. I totally remember asking you what happened. You just said they visited you to see how you were doing and then left right after!”
“Well I wasn’t about to give you a reason to make fun of me,” Jiang Cheng answers, nose scrunching up. “They already did enough of that.”
“Oh, they were definitely making fun of you. If that’s what you call flirting. And 
    both
   of them too. I mean, really? Nie Mingjue asked you to call him 
    Da-ge
  , for heaven’s sake!”
Jiang Cheng doesn’t have an answer.
“You’re hopeless, A-Cheng,” Wei Wuxian sighs dramatically. “But now that you brought up Huaisang, let’s get on with it.”
“Well. He and I are really just friends. Like you are with him too,” Jiang Cheng says with a small frown.
“Oh yeah, totally just bros. Who are all over each other, platonically.”
“You are too.”
“Yeah but you two are 
    extra 
  close.”
“I need friends too, how else would I have gotten through the summer while you were off chasing Lan Wangji?” Jiang Cheng says, frown deepening
“Jiang Cheng.”
“And so what if I let him braid my hair one time? He’s good at it,” Jiang Cheng says, looking at him. Then he pales.
“And?”
“Nothing.”
“It’s obviously not nothing.”
Jiang Cheng shuts his eyes with a sigh.
VI: Nie Huaisang
“A-Cheng!” Nie Huaisang says brightly, running over to where Jiang Cheng sits overlooking the waterfall. Jiang Cheng looks up when his friend stands beside him, blocking out the sunlight from his eyes. “What are you doing here all by yourself?”
Jiang Cheng grins as he looks up at him, patting the ground next to him for him to sit. “I’m under orders to rest until tomorrow,” he answers. “By your brother too, by the way,” he adds with a soft snort.
“Ah, Da-ge told me what happened. Sorry I didn’t come to visit yesterday,” Nie Huaisang says, opening his fan and holding it at forehead level to keep the sun off his face. “Are you feeling better?”
“Yes, everyone’s been taking care of me. It’s almost too much,” Jiang Cheng answers with a small smile. “Why aren’t you at training right now?”
“Oh. I got the day off today,” Nie Huaisang answers vaguely. “But I missed you yesterday in classes. Wei-xiong’s been a little...distracted lately,” he says, wiggling his eyebrows.
“I know what you mean,” Jiang Cheng answers with a sigh. Huaisang frowns a little and gently touches his shoulder. He’s always touching Jiang Cheng, just like Wei Wuxian.
“Are you...does that worry you?” Nie Huaisang asks carefully, concerned eyes on him.
“Why would it worry me?”
“Well. This is just purely anecdotal, I’m not saying you feel this way,” Nie Huaisang warns, before saying, “But when Da-ge and Lan Da-ge started to get closer, I felt left out. You know?”
“That’s. That’s not it,” Jiang Cheng says quietly. Nie Huaisang frowns a little and Jiang Cheng’s lips tighten into a line. “Okay, maybe a little. He’s just always talking about him.”
“Hm. He is, that’s true. Not that I blame him, but I see how that gets tiring,” Nie Huaisang says sympathetically, patting his shoulder gently. “Especially for us.”
“Meaning?”
“Hearing about people being in love or even just interested in someone else is hard when we’re...not.” Nie Huaisang flicks his fan a few times before shading his face again, sighing. “I’m just saying, I understand.”
“Mhm.”
“And don’t get me started on the touching,” Nie Huaisang says, making a face. “Da-ge is not subtle, even if he thinks he is. One time he was even kissing Lan Da-ge in plain sight,” he says, pouting, “Well, sort of. I suppose he didn’t expect anyone to see.”
Jiang Cheng raises an eyebrow. He does not allow himself to think of the mental imagery Nie Huaisang just gave him. “I feel blessed to not have seen Wei Wuxian doing something like that. I’m truly sorry, Huaisang.”
“Ah, but with the way things look, it may happen soon for Wei-xiong,” Nie Huaisang comments, then backtracks at the face Jiang Cheng makes, “I mean, maybe. Probably not though?”
Jiang Cheng shakes his head, willing that thought away too. Nie Huaisang always seems to know something one step ahead of everyone else though. He files that prediction away for later as unemotionally as he can.
“Hey, A-Cheng. Have you kissed anyone before?” Nie Huaisang asks casually, looking out at the waterfall and flapping his fan idly.
Jiang Cheng nearly chokes on his own breath. Tries not to look at Huaisang’s lips as he says this. They’re always so pink. “Uh. No,” he answers. “I mean, just my Jiejie on the cheek when I was really little.”
“That doesn’t count,” Nie Huaisang laughs. His hand is back on Jiang Cheng’s shoulder, the touch an afterthought as usual. Jiang Cheng is suddenly much more aware of it.
“What about you?” Jiang Cheng shoots back, but then Nie Huaisang is sitting up straight and putting a finger to his lips in a gesture to be quiet. “What-”
“Shh!” Nie Huaisang answers firmly, putting his fan behind his ear to hear better. Jiang Cheng blinks and goes quiet. He hears the call of a bird, sweet and trilling. “Ah- it’s beautiful, isn’t it?” Nie Huaisang whispers excitedly, his hand dropping to clutch Jiang Cheng’s uninjured knee as he continues to listen. Jiang Cheng is more distracted by the hand on his knee.
It really shouldn’t make Jiang Cheng feel anything. It’s just what Nie Huaisang does with his friends. He can’t help but notice the strength of his delicate looking fingers. It doesn’t hurt, but it does reveal the power lying beneath pretty gray-lined eyes and fine features.
And now Jiang Cheng is distracted by Nie Huaisang too, great. Jiang Cheng really has no shame, when the day before he’d been admiring Nie Huaisang’s older brother.
Wait, no. There’s nothing wrong with just admiring.
“...ang Cheng?” Nie Huaisang is waving a hand in front of his face. “Hey, Jiang Cheng, you okay?”
“Hm? Yeah. It was a nice bird,” Jiang Cheng says lamely, nodding.
“Right,” Nie Huaisang says, eyes turning sharp in a way that most people mistake for confusion. “If I didn’t know better I’d think you were daydreaming about someone special.”
“Am not,” he answers reflexively.
“No? Hm,” Nie Huaisang says, smiling more and looking away. “Ah, A-Cheng, whoever you end up with will be very lucky,” he says, throwing an arm around his shoulder in his usual casual way.
Jiang Cheng doesn’t know why Nie Huaisang says this. He doesn’t want to know why it makes something in his stomach flutter, either.
-
Present day
“Okay, Jiang Cheng. He literally asked if you’ve kissed anyone before.”
“So?”
“So? What do you mean 
    so?
   He totally wanted you to ask him to practice. And then it would turn into real kissing- and. Ugh.” Wei Wuxian looks frustrated now, rolling onto his back and staring at the ceiling now. “We have to be done by now, right?”
“Well.”
“We’re not done?” Wei Wuxian asks, lifting his head a little to look at him again. Jiang Cheng shifts onto his side to face Wei Wuxian better.
“I’m starting to enjoy seeing you suffer,” Jiang Cheng says with a grin, “Even if it’s at my expense.”
“I can’t think of anyone else at this point, I feel like the list of suitors is exhausted, potential or not.”
“Song Daozhang and Xiao Daozhang.”
“You’re 
    right,
   they visited,” Wei Wuxian says, sitting up immediately on an elbow. Then he pauses. “Hey. Are you going to tell me you have the hots for my sort of uncle-”
“You have eyes.”
“I do.”
VII: Song Lan and Xiao Xingchen
“We will have very important guests for the training this evening,” Lan Qiren says as the morning class comes to a close. “I expect you all to treat them with utmost respect and eagerness to learn,” he says sternly, eyes mostly fixed on Wei Wuxian and Nie Huaisang as he says this. “You are all dismissed.”
Later that evening, Wei Wuxian sidles up to Jiang Cheng as they walk to the training ground, eyes bright. “Hey, A-Cheng, I wonder who the guests are today. Probably some sect leader friends of old man Qiren, what do you think?”
“Whoever they are, you better not stand out. Dad doesn’t need us causing more issues for him,” Jiang Cheng says, shaking his head.
“You think they’re as old and grouchy as him though? It only makes sense...because…” Wei Wuxian trails off. Jiang Cheng nudges him with an elbow, not getting why he’s going quiet all of a sudden. He follows his line of sight.
And oh. That’s why.
Two men, one extremely beautiful, and the other ridiculously handsome.
“A-Cheng, is that them?” Wei Wuxian whispers, grabbing his elbow. “And- oh, are they Daoist priests?”
“If they are, you’d better keep your mouth shut extra tight today,” Jiang Cheng whispers back. Suddenly Wei Wuxian is tugging his arm.
“Let’s go to the front today,” Wei Wuxian whispers eagerly, and Jiang Cheng digs his heels into the ground.
“Wei 
    Wuxian,
  ” he hisses. The two men are fortunately focused only on each other, speaking in low tones up ahead. The one in gray says something, and then the one in white is laughing, hiding the tinkling sound behind a delicate hand.
“Hey, I only have eyes for my Lan Zhan, don't worry,” Wei Wuxian says, shrugging.
“So you just want to bring attention to yourself for fun then?” Jiang Cheng asks under his breath, giving up and letting Wei Wuxian tug him along. It’ll be worse if he trips and damages his knee again.
“Me? Never.”
Jiang Cheng rolls his eyes and crosses his arms. As more students arrive, the two men look over. The one in gray has a pleasant and kind smile, Jiang Cheng notices.
Of course Jiang Cheng is promptly deserted when Wei Wuxian sees his beloved Lan Wangji arrive. Lan Wangji does not look pleased when Wei Wuxian rushes over, but at least Jiang Cheng can inch backwards now that Wei Wuxian isn’t keeping him in the front. He edges to the side too, but stills when the man in white directs a small smile towards him. He thinks it might be a mistake since there are so many disciples here now, but the man whispers something to the other man before making his way directly to Jiang Cheng.
“Young master Jiang, correct?” the man asks, eyes warm and smile so gentle that Jiang Cheng would very much like to run away. Instead, he nods. “Nice to meet you. Xiao Xingchen,” he introduces himself, bowing.
“Oh-” Jiang Cheng doesn’t expect him to bow first, so he rushes to do the same. “I’m- uh, Jiang Cheng,” he says hastily, even though Xiao Xingchen seems to already know his name.
“Lan laoshi informed me that you have just recently recovered from an injury,” he says quietly so that no one will overhear. Jiang Cheng just nods mutely, his hands clutching at the sleeves of his robes discreetly to soothe his nerves. Why he’s nervous, he doesn’t know. It’s just a perpetual feeling these days. Xiao Xingchen’s smile is very pretty.
“If you need to sit out and watch at any time, you are more than welcome to do so,” Xiao Xingchen says with a concerned tone.
“I’ve been doing plenty of sitting the past three days, I am very much looking forward to learning from you today,” Jiang Cheng answers earnestly. Xiao Xingchen laughs quietly, finding that funny for some reason. Jiang Cheng isn’t even surprised at this point when his cheeks warm. He has a very nice laugh.
“Very well. But listen to your body, okay?” Xiao Xingchen says, lips still curled up at the corners. Jiang Cheng would like to say that no, he’d very much not like to listen to his traitorous body right now. He nods again. Xiao Xingchen still seems amused, and lightly pats his shoulder before turning and joining the other man up front.
Jiang Cheng does his best to stay focused as the training starts. He notices how Xiao Xingchen actively corrects disciples’ forms by a gentle hand between their shoulder blades for better posture, or a light tap on the wrist for sword heights. The other man-- Song Lan, as he’d introduced-- doesn’t touch at all, opting to verbalize his corrections.
“Good form,” Song Lan says as he moves to Jiang Cheng, eyes traveling over Jiang Cheng with studying eyes. Jiang Cheng keeps his eyes ahead, unwilling to let the warmth in his chest at those two words reach his neck and cheeks yet again.
When it’s time to partner and spar, everyone rushes to their friends. Jiang Cheng looks around awkwardly but is approached by Song Lan. “I’m sorry Song Daozhang,” Jiang Cheng says with a small frown, “I still have to find a partner.”
“I will be your partner this time,” Song Lan says, shaking his head. “You were injured, it’s better if you don’t work with another disciple for now.”
Jiang Cheng is about to say that he really is fine, but he’s smart enough to keep his mouth shut. Unlike a certain someone who is currently laughing “Lan Zhan! Lan Zhan!” a bit away. “Thank you, Song Daozhang,” he says, nodding. Xiao Xingchen passes by, and Song Lan gives him the briefest smile. He only seems to smile at Xiao Xingchen.
Soon they start sparring, Song Lan’s form defensive and calculated. Jiang Cheng can tell he’s holding back for his sake, and he appreciates it. If he’d been paired with a disciple, he’d probably have to work harder.
“Very good,” Song Lan says when Jiang Cheng dodges him, “You’re skilled at speed.”
Jiang Cheng smiles a little and even catches Song Lan off-guard for a moment with his next movement.
“Good work,” Song Lan breathes with a tiny, open-mouthed smile as he lunges forwards. Jiang Cheng, as expected, gets distracted by this and stumbles backwards on his own feet like a child. He shuts his eyes and braces for the impact in the hopes that his poor tailbone won’t hit the ground, but it doesn’t happen.
Song Lan had caught him, an arm straining around his waist to keep him up. Jiang Cheng had instinctively grabbed onto his shoulders. It’s mortifying.
He quickly lets go and regains his footing to stand properly, breathless. Song Lan may be holding him up, but his fist is clenched, fingers not touching him as much as possible. He was strong enough to support nearly all of Jiang Cheng’s weight against one arm. It makes Jiang Cheng feel dizzy.
“I’m- I’m so sorry,” Jiang Cheng breathes, heart racing. Song Lan must not like physical contact, he’d noticed it earlier too. Song Lan merely shakes his head and draws his arm back once Jiang Cheng’s legs are steady.
“That’s why we’re partners today,” Song Lan says, eyes still concerned. “I’m glad I caught you, the last thing we need is for you to get hurt again.”
“Thank you, Song Daozhang,” Jiang Cheng says, mouth dry. He feels sweaty and gross now after all that sparring, while Song Lan still looks cool and composed as ever. Song Lan gives him a deep nod, expression gentle.
Later that night, Jiang Cheng stares up at the ceiling, mentally replaying what may be the most humiliating moment of his life.
He groans and pulls his blanket completely over his head.
-
Present day
“So 
    that’s
   why you went to bed early after dinner that night! You know, Huaisang and I saw them in the back mountains after dinner,” Wei Wuxian says with a grin.
“Don’t even tell me what you saw.”
“A-Cheng! Such a dirty mind,” Wei Wuxian gasps dramatically. “Well actually. They were 
    holding hands.
  ”
“Shocking,” Jiang Cheng says in a monotone voice. “If Song Daozhang wanted to touch anyone, it would be Xiao Daozhang. You realize that, right?”
“Wow, Jiang Cheng. So you do have some awareness,” Wei Wuxian giggles. “You realize him catching you was kind of something, right?”
“Yes, Wei Wuxian. I still think about it to this day. Obviously.”
“Just want to make sure,” Wei Wuxian sing-songs.
“You realize he caught me because he had to, right?”
“Sure, whatever,” Wei Wuxian waves it off. He sighs, stretching luxuriously before rolling onto his stomach and turning his head to the side to look at Jiang Cheng. His hips wiggle a little as he gets comfortable. “Finally done,” he says with a grin. “I hope you learned something today.”
“That you can actually be kind of nice when I’m sharing my traumatic experiences?”
“A-Cheng! So dramatic. And I’m offended that you could ever doubt me.” Wei Wuxian playfully hits Jiang Cheng’s back. “Though you are cute when you’re embarrassed.”
“Hey, watch it,” Jiang Cheng says, propping himself up on his elbows. Wei Wuxian giggles and shifts away when Jiang Cheng tries to pinch his ear.
“Ah! No!” Wei Wuxian laughs when Jiang Cheng uses that moment of weakness to tickle at his side. Wei Wuxian rolls into a ball to protect his stomach, and then attacks when Jiang Cheng hovers over him, leveraging his hips off the bed to push Jiang Cheng over onto his back instead. Wei Wuxian moves to crawl over him to get off the bed entirely, but then Jiang Cheng keeps him in place by lifting his legs in the air to cage in Wei Wuxian’s hips.
Wei Wuxian’s laughter calms to heavy breathing as he holds himself up over Jiang Cheng. “A-Cheng?” he asks quietly. His hair has loosened from its red ribbon in their grappling, cascading over his shoulders. Jiang Cheng lowers his feet back to the bed when Wei Wuxian stays put, looking equally confused about what’s happening all of a sudden. Then his hands move on their own accord to push Wei Wuxian’s hair away from his face and tuck it behind his ears.
“I actually had one more,” Jiang Cheng says quietly, eyes traveling over Wei Wuxian’s face. Wei Wuxian’s lips are parted, heavy breaths coming from them. “But I don’t think I need to tell you about him.”
“And why’s that?” Wei Wuxian’s expression is vulnerable, and Jiang Cheng doesn’t know how to interpret it.
“He belongs to someone else,” Jiang Cheng says quietly, dropping his hands from Wei Wuxian’s hair and unable to look him in the eye all of a sudden. He feels guilty. Wei Wuxian is silent for a long moment.
A hand cups his cheek and guides his vision back up at him. “I think he’d be a fool to not recognize that you claimed his heart first,” Wei Wuxian says, voice steady. Jiang Cheng’s breath catches in the back of his throat and he can’t speak. “Besides, you do like the guy he’s had an eye on too. Maybe it’ll all work out after all.”
“I’m being serious right now, Wei Wuxian.”
“So am I, what makes you think I’m not?” His voice is patient rather than defensive.
“Wei Wuxian,” Jiang Cheng says quietly, eyes roving over Wei Wuxian’s features. He takes a long moment before saying, “Have you ever kissed anyone before?”
Wei Wuxian blinks, not breathing. “Jiang Cheng. Jiang Wanyin. Are you asking me to kiss you right now?”
“Am I? You did tell me that that’s how you ask someone.”
Wei Wuxian’s eyes widen, and then he’s leaning in, still inches apart. “And how about you, A-Cheng? Have you kissed anyone?”
“No, I haven’t. I need the practice,” Jiang Cheng says, slipping a finger down the front parting of Wei Wuxian’s robes to tug him in closer, their noses bumping.
Wei Wuxian laughs, warm breath puffing against Jiang Cheng’s lips. “I think I do too.”
And then Jiang Cheng is kissing him.
It had been a particularly tiring match; the Black Jackals held their ground well but in the end, were too worn out to keep up. With as dedicated as each of the members were to volleyball, each one taking losses seriously, spirits were already pretty low. Meian had given a talk after the match, frustrated and already calculating faces looking back. He sighed as he sent them off, reminding them of the job well done. Now they boarded the bus, mumbles much quieter than the usual banter.
Sakusa settled into his seat, sighing into the cushion. He didn’t mind the quiet, usually Bokuto and Hinata shook the bus as they bounced around, making Sakusa’s ears ring with their shouts of, “Your spike was incredible, Bokuto-san!! Like  bwam! and everything!” “Hahaha! But your receive, Sho-kun! Did you see their faces?!”
If it wasn’t remarks on their performance, there was only ever one other topic that rang throughout the bus: food. This one had the unpleasantry of not just the team boomboxes involved, but everyone, including one snarky, annoying, and unbearable Miya Atsumu. Hinata would scream about ramen or bread or something, Bokuto shouting back declarations of meat, and Miya proudly plugging his brother’s onigiri shop. Sakusa sighed at the thought; even without all the noise happening, just the memories alone gave him a headache.
As others wandered past (Saukusa preferred seats near the middle-front. Too close to the front incited conversation with the driver or coach, too far in the back was a danger zone between the rowdiest players, and the very middle was still too talkative), he fished in his pockets for the unused mask he tucked away earlier. Three-ply salvation in his grasp, he was suddenly deprived of it when 80kg of weight plopped into his lap.
Sakusa jolted, blinking rapidly in surprise before arms wrapped around his shoulders and were soon joined by a head.
“Miya, what the hell. Get off.”
“Mm-mm,” came the noise of disagreement. Atsumu squeezed with his whole body, including the thighs currently trapping Sakusa’s own. Said man tensed in response.
“Seriously, what are you doing. You’re smothering me, disgusting.”
The man on his lap sighed heavily, pressing his cheek into Sakusa’s shoulder. “I’m being sad and tired, Omi! Can’tcha comfort me a little?”
Sakusa frowned  deeply,  lines prominent on his forehead in utter disgust. Unfortunately, only Atsumu’s neck was facing him instead of the offending face, so he couldn’t see how much Sakusa hated him in the moment. However, knowing Atsumu, Sakusa figured the twin probably had a very good idea of exactly how he felt, and exactly how he looked. The expression was most often used on him, after all.
Struggling to pull his hands out of his pockets with the weight of Atsumu pinning them, Sakusa grumpily muttered out, “Please, we both know you become a distanced shell when you’re actually upset.”
His shoulder shook with Atumu’s chuckle. “Nothin’s easy with you, is it, Omi-kun?” Sakusa opened his mouth to retort but was silenced when the blonde turned his head to share a look between them. He wasn’t prepared for the tender look in Atsumu’s eyes, brown abnormally soft and smirk abnormally fond. “Fine. Then just sit tight and be a nice n’ warm Omi-Omi pillow for me.”
Before Sakusa could get a word in, Atsumu’s warm hands hooked under the poor man’s elbows and pulled them out from between them. “There,” he said, already settling back into his previous position around Sakusa’s shoulders, “Now stop squirmin’.”
How did he get here, Sakusa wondered. He had simply sulked and changed in the locker room like everyone else, boarded the bus while enjoying the quiet, and sat in a seat. No, there didn’t seem to be a single step where he invited Miya Atsumu to plop himself onto his lap, wrapped around him like a koala. Nor did he recall saying anything prompting of such a…  gentle face.
Stiff, frozen arms finally lowered to the seat, but found there was no other option than to touch Atsumu’s (comforting) thighs. Sakusa sighed heavily, hands carefully coming up to rest on Atsumu’s back.
There was a pause of silence. “I hate this.”
“No ya don’t.”
“I do, actually.”
“Stop makin’ a fuss, just let me sleep.”
“Go sleep in your own chair.”
“But it’s such a long ride Omi-Omi! The chair is uncomfy,” Atsumu whined.
Sakusa quirked an eyebrow, “And this is better how? Don’t be childish, Miya.”
Suddenly, Sakusa’s chair shook, almost slipping Atsumu off his lap and pulling Sakusa down with him.
“Whaaaat? Omi-san is letting Atsumu-san sleep in his lap? No fair, I want to!” Hinata’s voice boomed from above them, hands gripping the back of the seat as he stared down at them. Before either of them could respond, whether a complaint from Sakusa or a smirk from the man in his lap, the chair next to them also shook with force as yet another head popped up.
“Awwww, Omi-kun, that’s so nice! Tsum-Tsum, you look so comfortable!” “Bokuto Beam” should refer to his voice, rather than his spike, Sakusa thought as he winced from the volume.
Tilting his head to look up at the boombox duo, Miya gave his signature sleazy smirk, accompanied with a small wave. “Thank you, I very much am.”
Bokuto pouted, “I wish I had Akaashi here to sleep on… I can’t even see him once I get home! Aw, I’m sad again now...”
Hinata smiled, patting Bokuto’s back, “Don’t worry Bokuto-san! You’ll see each other this weekend, right?” Bokuto nodded slowly. “And you always text each other too. Why not ask him for a picture so you can pretend he’s with you tonight?”
Atsumu chuckled as he watched the two excitedly chatter on about weekend plans and pictures of boyfriends. By now, Sakusa’s hands had settled comfortably around his back, and with a notable pressure, too. He smiled under his breath.
“I can see it on yer face, Omi. ‘I hate it here.’”
Provoking Sauksa was Atsumu’s greatest talent, even above setting. He raised an eyebrow down at the blond head still resting on his shoulder. “Good. Then I don’t have to even say it,” He watched as brown eyes looped in a perfected eye roll, then as Miya leaned back, and worse, inhaled.  Oh, no.
“Hey. Omi says he hates you two.”
Two pairs of eyes blinked as two mouths shut. Sakusa wanted to appreciate the silence, but knew he couldn’t as it was the quiet before the destruction Miya Atsumu always seemed to bring.
“Omi-Omiiiiii!” wailed both Bokuto and Hinata, flopping over the tops of the chairs, despair painting their faces.
“I didn’t-” Sakusa started, then sighed in frustration as he caught Atsumu’s  stupid  smirk with his aggravated eyes.
Unfortunately, Meian had had enough of everyone’s shouting and was as ready as anyone to go home. His figure towered at the front of the bus, threatening voice startling everyone immediately, “That’s enough! I don’t care how many butts are in one seat as long as no one is standing! The faster you sit, the faster we get home! Everyone clear?” Embarrassed mumbles of “clear” echoed back, and Hinata and Bokuto waved goodbye to Atsumu and Sakusa.
Atsumu watched as they settled back into their seats before looking back over to Sakusa. He blinked, “Whoa, Omi-kun! Such a scary face.”
Sakusa’s eyebrow twitched. “There are no words in any language capable of expressing how strongly I dislike you right now.”
The blond laughed again before snuggling back up to Sakusa. How was he the only one never put off by any of his threats? “Yeah yeah, that one might be true. Hate an' love are a very fine line though, are ya sure you’re not just confused?”
“I’m very certain I want to spike a ball straight into your face.”
“I’d rather you spike me with something el- ow!”
Sakusa cut him off with a pinch to his ear, cheeks flushing slightly. “Are you going to go to sleep or not, idiot?”
Pouting and clutching his ear, Atsumu paused before sighing into Sakusa’s shoulder, “Well, if you really insist…”
“It’s either you get off me and leave me alone or shut up and go to sleep.”
Sakusa hated how he could hear the smile in his voice when the man responded, “Goodnight, Omi-Omi.”
He grunted in response, looking away as he willed the heat in his cheeks away. Surprisingly, it took only a moment before he could feel the steady rhythm of sleep pulsing against his shoulder, and he couldn’t stop himself from staring a moment. Quickly though, he took a picture and pulled up his messages.  Your brother is the most irritating man I’ve ever met.  His phone pinged a moment later, and he scoffed when he read the response from Osamu:  Yep, and he looks like your problem now.
Sighing as he shoved his phone in his pocket with difficulty, Sakusa’s hand joined the other that never left Atsumu’s back. Well, this was the situation he was stuck in now, and there was nothing he could do. He knew it was just an excuse but ignored that as he pulled Atsumu closer and rested his own head in the crook of his neck.
Osamu received another picture later that night, from Hinata, and sent it immediately to Suna. It showed both Sakusa and Atsumu tangled in each other, face pressed into neck and cheek pressed into hair, arms keeping each other impossibly close. "I think their arguing tired them out, " the caption read, and Osamu smirked. He couldn't wait to use this against them later.
As the sun started to rise and illuminate the British army's Georgia front, a brunette left the dormitory with pace and a tint of hastiness. The only thing slowing him down was the metal bucket that kept hitting his knees, giving him a short-term freeze each time it did as it was left outside the whole night. The bucket contained one used-up lavender soap, his spare underwear, and a pair of dirty white socks.
When he finally arrived at his destination, which was the enclosure wall of the military area, he eyed his surroundings and was relieved to encounter the silence he was used to during the early hours of the day. There was another hour for all the other soldiers to wake up even though he was late to wake up that day. As he observed the visual field of the watchmen during his first few days and made a few calculations in his head, he also knew that he could not be seen when he followed his usual route. In addition, they would be focused on the danger coming from outside, not inside. So, using the secret passageway he discovered at the end of his first week here, he made his way towards the woods.
It was a ten-minute walk at most, but with the guilt of succumbing to his desire to sleep, he kept his steps faster than usual. As George began to see the lake he paid a visit to every morning to get cleaned and recollect himself, his steps softened to not scare off the birds that were also taking their morning baths while chirping their "Good morning!" tunes to each other. George was the type of person to find joy in being alone; however, they were an exception.
He walked to his usual corner and put his bucket to one of the giant stones, unbuttoning the upper part of his British army military uniform that was one size big for his slim, yet athletic body. After folding his upper part of the uniform and putting it next to his bucket on the stone, his hands traversed to the buttons of his pants. As his hands were busy undressing the lower part of his body, his eyes averted forward with the scrunch of a tree branch. Suspecting it is a harmless animal coming from the woods to the lake to quench its thirst, George was not concerned a lot, but by following his military instincts, he stopped and hid behind a tree to continue undressing.
As he took off his pants and was left with a white sleeveless shirt and underwear, the source of the previous noises approached the lake. To George's surprise, rather than a deer, another man was the one to walk up to the lake with a bucket.
He could not help the urge to giggle while observing the man when the guy turned around to place his bucket on the ground and his idiotic smiley face mask became visible.
Should he be concerned? George, despite his color blindness and the distance between them, tried to analyze the man further. Surmising the man was wearing the pajamas he slept with the previous night, the best guess of the brunette was that he was coming from a nearby town.
The lake was located right in the middle of the Mississippi territory, which was at the hands of the United States, and Georgia, occupied by the United Kingdom troops. As the war was less severe in Florida, which was the other neighboring state of the lake, George thought that the man could be coming from one of the towns situated there.
Just when he was about to cease on hiding, as he decided that the man may not a threat, and was even considering saluting him, the man removed his mask and put it aside. Oh, was he handsome?
George felt his mouth slightly open with shock, which was then replaced with panic as the man undressed, preparing to enter the lake. Debating if he should continue looking or not, his eyes remained on his target. He may fool himself into believing that he was still trying to make a decision, but it was clear that his beady dark eyes have already given their final verdict.
Thankfully, the man entered the river with his underwear. He could not be considered excessively muscular, but his wide shoulders and bare chest suggested that he was fond of sports and pretty vigorous.
The brunette doesn't know for how long he sat next to that tree, but the lake was fully illuminated by the sun when the man with dirty blond hair was done with the cleaning. As the guy gets dressed, George quickly recognized the uniform from the photos he took a look at on the newspapers that were always delivered three days late and only once or twice a week.
The dirty dark green uniform the man was wearing belonged to the United States army.
Unable to comprehend the fact that he has been eyeing the enemy, he felt his face getting painted red. He took his hands to his face and felt the warmth of pure embarrassment.
The man took his bucket and disappeared towards the woods, following the path he came from. George waited for a few minutes to be sure that the man left. Afterward, he stood up and took off his clothes except for his underwear, blushing over the thought of almost seeing a guy he has never seen before completely naked.
He gave his face a quick, splashy wash as if he was trying to erase the footprints of shame. He filled the bucket with freezing water as he soaped it all over his body, being careful to not pollute the lake with the bubbles of soap as much as possible. He then poured the bucket of water from his head, shivering while doing so. After giving his normally fluffy, black hair a brief shake to get rid of water more easily and expedite the drying of his hair, he got dressed.
Whilst buttoning his uniform, he was thinking if he should continue coming to the lake or not. He despised the thought of showering with all the other soldiers, remembering the incident.
He decided that he would rather shower with the enemy and made his way back to the front.
"You ready to catch?" Uraraka asked, having completed the grip test but not yet having let go of the machine because she couldn't release the gravity without letting it fly so far that if it wasn't caught it would smash on the floor.
"Yes, I shall do my best to catch it." Responded Iida. The plan was to have her let go and then when it was safely in Iida's hands Uraraka would release her quirk so it wouldn't crash to the floor. She'd approached Iida partially because he was one of the tallest in the class, but mainly because they had already interacted and it was far less daunting to ask him.
This was a decision she came to regret, as Iida had interpreted 'unaffected by gravity' to mean 'floats at reasonable heights and speeds' as opposed to 'affected by every force except gravity' which meant he didn't quite realise how few tries he was going to have. This was illustrated by him accidentally sending it flying diagonally upwards with one slightly off-kilter attempt to catch it.
"Oh no." When Uraraka would later remember this moment she wouldn't be entirely sure whether it had been her or Iida who had said that. It didn't matter in the moment, both of them immediately turned to follow the grip test machine with their eyes.
The flying grip test had been noticed by another of their classmates which they did not notice until suddenly tape reached up from the floor, caught the grip test machine and changed it's course just enough to stop it from hitting the ceiling tiles and drove it straight into a support beam going across the ceiling and promptly taped it there.
"Oh no."
Tommy laughs, not as big or loud as it could have been, but at least it was better than nothing. But Purpled smiles at him, violet eyes flashing with what looks suspiciously like happiness, and they continue down the smooth concrete road, fading into a comfortable silence. It’s nice. Getting away from everything. Being able to just live for once, go somewhere without haunting words and echoing explosions following him.
They walk up to the fountain, the centerpiece of Las Nevadas, and both look into the dark water, lit up with soft blue sea lanterns. While anyone else might’ve seen two homeless children, battered and covered in varying layers of filth, they saw the warm glow of childhood, sweet words and laughter hidden behind the unruly surface.
It had been so long since either of them had even talked to each other, but after so many years of shouting and yelling and fighting, the silence was welcomed by both.
But finally, Tommy speaks, his reflection moving alone with it as he does. “Hey, I just wanted to say thank you. For this, I mean,” he says, and Purpled gives him a winning smile.
“It’s no problem, man, I’ve been a little lonely out here anyway.” His smile fades a bit and a small pool of sadness shines through his cheery demeanor as he turns from the fountain to look at the city around them.
Everything is bathed in neon lights, harsh pinks and dark blues washing over them, melding together into an eerie purple. The sky is clear, and the moon full, but the light pollution prohibits any sort of stargazing. They stand there anyway, content to just exist for once, with nothing hindering their peace.
Tommy reminisces about old times, when he, Tubbo, and Purpled would go up to Puffy and pester her until she gave them money, and then they would run down to Niki’s bakery to drown in sugary sweetness. Back when everything was simple. Back when his view on his home wasn’t tainted with violent explosions, burning fire, and smoky ash. Back when Tubbo still cared about him. Speak of the devil and he shall come…
A noise to his left startled him out of his reverie, pulling him away from cinnamon buns and smiles and back to the cold desert night. A voice, bright and cheery, talking to a shadowy figure, hidden from his sight. His heart twists, and he clenches his fists, unable to turn away from the sight before him. He looks so happy…
Tubbo stands before him, barely ten metres away, laughing at something Quackity?? said, his face scrunched up in happiness, blue eyes sparkling under the artificial lights. He feels sick, torn between the fact that Tubbo looks so happy without him and the comforting realization that Ranboo is nowhere to be seen.
Thankfully, Purpled seems to notice his discomfort, and after a quick glance at Tubbo he understands why. Grabbing Tommy’s wrist, he pulls them away from the fountain and starts dragging him towards the desert hills. It’s cold out, the desert night wreaking havoc on his exposed skin as they go on, goosebumps breaking out on his body when a light breeze brushes his hair back.
Still, they continue to walk, until the city is left far behind and the only sounds are their own breathing and soft footsteps across the cool sand. “Where are we going?” He asks softly, trying not to disturb the quiet atmosphere around them. Purpled doesn’t answer, only tugs him forward with a light yank on his wrist, keeping up a brutal pace until they crest the last hill.
The view before him is breathtaking, with sprawling forests layed out under the jagged rocks they stand on, the sky a dark canvas speckled with thousands of bright dots, stretching into infinity, the only thing to break the illusion being the moon, full and illustrious compared to the tiny stars beside it. It was something he didn’t know he needed, so he just gawked at it, in awe of the beautiful landscape surrounding him.
Purpled just chuckles, sitting on the edge of the cliff with his feet dangling off the side, in a somewhat precarious manner. He doesn’t seem to mind it, however, and Tommy lies down beside him (slightly farther away from the edge) and just stares up. The soft moonlight illuminates his face, his eyes reflecting the bright specks above them in a slightly distorted way, his hands clutching at the dewy grass around them, feeling the cool water across his palms.
Neither of them say anything, silence being a greater comfort than anything else, and Purpled leans back as well, laying his head beside Tommy’s. The quiet persists for some time, though it slowly comes to an end with a soft-spoken, “I miss this.” Tommy stiffens.
“Yeah. So do I,” he replies thickly, swallowing the growing lump in his throat.
“Do you remember the stars that Puffy showed us?” Purpled asks, and Tommy offers a light grin.
“How could I not, she drilled it into my head.”
Purpled laughs, “Yeah, same here. I will never forget the moment Tubbo spoke in the middle of her lesson, I’ve never seen anyone that scary before.” He was lying. Of course he had seen worse things, horrible, awful things, but it was nice to pretend that the only problems they faced were Puffy’s scolding. Tommy points up silently, at a cluster of stars too bright to be mistaken for anything other than XD, the mythical God of the SMP.
He supposedly represents strict justice, fairness and neutrality, all of the things he had never experienced on the SMP before. Tommy smiles again, this time laced with bitterness as he stares into the sky above. Only fitting, how everything he wanted was in his sight, but he could never quite reach it. Wilbur was right. He would never be tall enough. His hand lowers from its position, landing on his hair. Fingering the white streak in it, he wonders what would have happened if he had said no to it all. If he had run away into the woods with Purpled, content to see the stars every night instead of the damning fireworks and explosions that never seemed to go away.
And Purpled, ever the empath, once again sees his friend wrapped up in his own mind, brows furrowed in frenzied concentration as he debates his choices. “Stop,” he says, sitting up to look down at Tommy. Tommy glances at him, eyes alight with confusion.
“What?” He responds, his face creased once more, though this time out of bewilderment rather than spiraling thoughts.
“Don’t think like that. You can’t change the past. Unless you’re Karl, that is, which you are definitely not,” Purpled says, evoking a small smile out of the taller boy. He searches Tommy’s eyes carefully, and after a quick reassurance that the intruding thoughts are gone, lies down once more. But this time, instead of a peaceful silence, he begins to point out all of the constellations, describing each one’s purpose in great detail, even though Tommy already knows all of them.
The sun is slowly starting to rise by the time they finish talking, painting the world in soft hues of pink and orange, highlighting the bags on their faces, though neither mind as they slowly rise to their feet, wiping wet hands on pants and giving one last look at the valley before them before heading back to Las Nevadas.
The grass quickly changed to sand, and they were once again climbing over hills of sand, the sun thankfully not high enough in the air to cause discomfort. And suddenly, there it was, in all it’s magnificent glory; Las Nevadas, though it looked less ghastly than it did in the dark, and more welcoming. Yet despite its comforting demeanor, Purpled could still sense Tommy’s apprehension towards the place, especially when he sees Tubbo standing in front of the restaurant, Quackity talking animatedly while he stands off to the side patiently.
Quickly, he grabs Tommy’s shoulder, internally cringing at how tense he is, and steers him away from the city, towards the Nether portal a few metres away. The obsidian structure looms tall, purple particles swirling around it lazily while the body of the portal is a mass of thrumming amethyst energy, shining bright violet as they get closer, soft crackles and pops emitting from it in an erratic fashion. They both step up into it, and after the slightly painful process of crossing dimensions is completed, start walking through hell.
The heat in the Nether is far worse than any desert could be, but it doesn’t make them sweat, doesn’t burn their skin with its sheer blistering heat, but rather boils the blood on the inside, most likely causing some form of internal damage as they hop carefully from bridge to bridge, mismatched blocks and gaping holes glaring up at them mockingly.
Thankfully, nothing happens, and they make it to the hub with minimal effort, gratefully stepping through it with varying  degrees of relief.
When they finally exit the portal, a bit of time has passed, the sun higher in the air than it had been before and the birds were singing. Purpled grabs Tommy again, this time by the hand, and he even coaxes a slight grin out of him by the time they reach the McPuffys. He knocks on the door, praying to Prime that Puffy is there, and lets out a breath he didn’t realize he was holding when she walks up to the door and gives a sweet smile before unlocking it.
“Hey boys, what can I do for ya?” She inquires, leading them to their old spot. Tommy smiles now, genuinely, and orders his usual. Purpled scoffs slightly at that, at how years later Puffy still remembers their orders. But it’s lighthearted, he could never truly be mad at Puffy, not when she smiles so wide her eyes crinkle, or when Tommy finally gives in and lets out another laugh, like he did when they were talking about the stars, or when they all sit together at the table and eat, talking about everything and nothing at the same time.
And when they finally part, it’s only under the circumstance that they would do it again.
It’s a calm late west coast afternoon. The breeze is brisk, the sun is mellow and on the verge of being set, the sky is cascaded with a beautiful amalgamation of oranges and yellows that paint across the sky. A blue car pulls up to an apartment building and two fresh and energized bodies step out and start walking up the stairs nearby.
They keep walking, arguing over which door is correct until finally, they reach the door they’ve been looking for.
“Knock Knock knock”
Hustled feet hop up to action and start scurrying to the front door.
“YOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO”
The voice calls out from behind the door.
Seconds pass and the door clicks open, and swings open as well: “Yooooooooo…”
The young Juan smiles looking at the two standing at his door. He’s wearing a plain form fitting white and red T-shirt and some brown sweats for his indoor endeavors this night.
2 smiling idiots wearing almost matching thin-frame glasses and simple clothing with matching grey sweatpants as well stand before him: “A suhhhhhh dudeeee..” Zach greets first.
They both step inside: “Hello Hello Mr. Contractz.” Nicolaj nods as he follows Zach inside.
“Take your shoes off, we are clean around here.”
Juan shuts the door behind them and points to the shoe rack.
“So not to rush you or anything but what is the food situation looking like?” Nicolaj asks semi-politely as he bends to remove his shoes.
“You coulda had some of my bofa if you asked…” Zach chimes in quickly.
“Bofa? You mean boba?” Nicolaj responds without knowing what he just set in motion.
“Nah, bofa deez nuts, idiot!” Zach cracks up in laughter.
Juan joins in with some giggles and Nicolaj stands up, blinking with a 1000-yard stare.
“Well, was nice seeing you tonight, I’m just gonna go-“ Nicolaj bends back down and motions putting his shoes back on.
“Too fucking easy…” Zach cracks up some more as he walks further inside with Juan.
“Yeah yeah yeah…” The Dane mumbles and follows suit inside.
Nicolaj turns the corner and sees Juan in his kitchen, Zach has already made himself at home and thrown his body like a ragdoll across Juan’s couch: “Room for two?” The Dane mutters before jumping on him.
Zach barely has time to look up from his phone just to see the back of his favorite Dane flying towards him: “Ahhhhhhhhh!” He yelps in his signature high-pitched voice.
Nicolaj lands with a thud and they immediately start wrestling around: “Did that hurt?”
“Fuck you- jumping on me like that”
“Just say it hurt and I’ll stop…”
“Fucking- fuck you…”
Juan steps over sipping on some water: “Save the wrestling for later lover birds, food is coming in a few.” He interjects before sitting himself down on his other chair in the room.
“Get… off me!” Zach makes one last pitch to move his Danish dead weight off him and sits up.
Nicolaj fixes himself and they both lay opposite of each other on the couch, their legs on top of each other: “What we eating?” He asks after clearing his throat.
“Chinese. I know we all have eaten at this place before.”
“Ooh! Is this the place Reapered took us a little while ago?” Zach’s eyes light up.
“Yep!” Juan nods happily: “I haven’t eaten there in a while, so I hope it’s still good.”
Nicolaj eyes the remote for the tv on the coffee table in front of him and tosses it on Juan: “You touched the remote last, you put something on!” He blurts quickly.
Juan rolls his eyes: “Fine, we’ll watch what I’ve been binging on youtube lately.”
The two couch bound lovers watch Juan search through his recently watched: ‘More anime videos?” Zach guesses, settling in a bit more now that he’s comfortable.
“Good try.” Juan smirks: “But it’s actually not anime related this time.”
“Wowwwww, changing up on us I see…” Nicolaj smiles while adjusting his hair.
Juan finally finds it: “Ok food will be here in like 20 minutes; this should hold us over until then.” He leans back in his chair as the video buffers.
“Dashcam videos?” Zach asks with an eye raise.
“Sometimes they’re fun to watch and even more fun to judge too.” Juan explains: “Just watch.”
The three get engrossed in the video, wincing whenever they see something a bit too bad for their liking. They talk and bicker about a whole bunch of “what ifs” whenever either of them feels like they would have handled the situation differently when neither of them drive.
What seemed like 5 minutes soon turned into the video ending and as if on cue, Juan gets a text: “Foods here, he dropped it off at the door.” He grunts as he sits up and shuffles his way back to his front door.
“All im saying Is that if that last guy just wasn’t going like 20 miles over, he would have been fine.” Zach still continues on their conversation.
“You’re ignoring the part where that dumbass lady fucking sprints across the lane causing that dude to swerve into the building! It doesn’t matter how fast he would be going, he’s fucked and that building is fucked too.” Nicolaj retorts.
Zach sits up: “No, if you’re going like 10 or 15 miles, it’d just be like a scratch on both. Sure the car woulda been fucked harder than a brick building but it wouldn’t be like totally fucked ya know?”
Nicolaj rolls his eyes: “You’re totally fucked, ya know?” He imitates Zach’s voice.
They both lock gazes and Zach gives a quick light tap of his foot to the Dane’s knee: “I don’t like being insulted…” He pouts with his fake baby voice.
Nicolaj laughs and places both his feet on Zach’s thighs: “I don’t like being kicked Zachary…”
Before their awkwardly sexual teasing goes any further, Juan shuffles back in the room with his arms filled with food for everyone: “Shut up and help me…” He mumbles as he sets the food down.
The two sit up and help Juan unload their food for the night.
They get their plates full and all 3 get nice and comfy as they eat, their conversations much lighter and all the cheerier now that their full. They don’t eat too much but they get their fill in before they move on to anything else.
Juan looks up from his phone, each of them taking a moment to let everything sit in after eating, a good bit of the food still sits on the table, but neither of the three are eager to eat anymore: “Damn, I bought all this and you guys aren’t eating any more what the fuckkkk…” He groans, putting his plate down on the table.
Nicolaj stretches his arms up: “You’re the only one here who actively goes to the gym and does basic health maintenance, you should be eating more than us…” The frail Dane mumbles back.
Zach copies his couch buddy and stretches out too: “Yeah, we’re fucking sticks here, you got all the muscle Mr. Handsome strong man.”
Juan rolls his eyes and stands up. He joins in and stretches too, not before slapping his own stomach and lifting his shirt up some: “You see how I barely have abs? What do you think I do in the gym?”
Nicolaj and Zach each take a glance, Juan’s tan toned stomach looks better than they each thought originally. He’s got a nice V showing near his waist and his ribs have some slight showing on his skin as well too. He’s cleanly shaven also and has other bumps and ridges all over to show his lightly toned abs too: “Yeah yeah, you’re a fucking chad, we get it…” Zach giggles as he stands up, showing his stomach in the same manner.
Zach is straight flat, with a slight dip in showing off his thin body. He has no muscles to show and is a lighter pale shade too: “Cosplay body baby; twink body or riot is how I gotta go about it…” He giggles a bit.
Nicolaj joins in, showing his stomach as well: “Yeah yeah yeah, both of you at least have something good for you, all I got is skin and bones…” He mopes light-heartedly.
Nicolaj’s stomach is a bit paler than Zach’s, his as well being even thinner in showing, veins and tight skin showing every nook and cranny the Dane has from his ribs down.
Juan takes a moment to take the sight of his friends in. Sure, he’s seen them naked, they’ve shared a few experiences together, but it’s something about the build up and seeing them tease each other that gets him going: “Alright, anybody object to some movie watching since the sun is setting?” He coughs awkwardly as he breaks his own building tension.
Zach and Nicolaj both help clean up a bit and help Juan take the food to the kitchen: “Sure, lets at least make it interesting pleaseeee…” Zach wains.
“Horror?” Nicolaj piques, grabbing some water before heading back to the living room.
Juan closes his fridge and turns back too: “If we do horror, I got something to make it even more terrifying too…” He forms a soft smile as he remembers a little thing he bought last week that would be perfect for this.
“What we talking here Juanito?” Zach jumps back in his place on the couch, resting his feet on his Danish lover boy.
Nicolaj pans him a “wtf?” look and rolls his eyes, shoving his feet off his lap: “I may or may not have bought some edibles last week, if we are interested in that…” He raps his fingers together, standing behind the couch his guests are on.
“Im down for edibles, just not horror then. I don’t wanna be paranoid and get like no sleep for the rest of the week.” Nicolaj says first, looking at Zach blinking and thinking about the proposal.
“Yeahhhh, I’d rather watch a documentary or something if the dank kush is on the menu.” He beads his gaze up to Juan.
Juan smiles: “Sounds good to me, hold on one sec.” He shuffles back to his room.
Zach pans his gaze to Nicolaj: “When we all get high you think that…” He starts to say, his voice low.
“Maybe.” Nicolaj nods, understanding what he’s trying to say: “It’s not like I’d be against it either, look at him!” He mutters back quietly too.
Zach smiles: “Yeah, I know. Let’s take it slow though and build up. Like, as much talking and teasing as we can.”
Nicolaj nods: “Alright.” He licks his thin lips as Juan’s lean body flings back around the corner holding a colorful sealed bag: “I hope you guys like sour patch kids…” He booms as he slings the bag on the table in front of the two.
“Oh boy! Candy!!” Zach squeals with elation as he sits up and reaches for the bag: “So what’s a good amount to eat, I don’t fuck with eating these all that often…” He asks tearing the seal.
“For you, just uh, take one. You can always eat more if you’re not feeling it.” Nicolaj answers.
Zach takes a red one and munches it down: “Wow, these taste just like a fucking sour patch kid…” he giggles, tossing the bag to Nicolaj.
Nicolaj snags two and hands the bag to Juan who sits in the chair right next to the couch: “TWO candies Mr. Jensen, going a little crazy there aren’t you…” Zach’s eyes pop open as he gawks at his friend’s actions.
“I gotta one up you, of course.” He smirks as he munches the two pieces down.
Juan takes one and places the bag back on the center table: “Mr. stoner here has experience.” He giggles under his breath.
Nicolaj rolls his eyes: “I’m not a stoner, I just get high wayyy more than you two for sure. There’s others worse than me.”
“Who?” Zach asks, moving his feet back up to the Dane’s lap.
Nicolaj yanks his black ankle socks off and pushes his feet back off him: “Remember Adrian?”
Zach pauses for a second: “That janna/soraka one trick?”
“Yeahhhh, he got fucking lit on the daily dude. I don’t know how he got this far doing the shit he did.” Nicolaj laughs as he leans back into the couch.
“Was he high on stage? I think I remember him from Immortals, right?” Juan asks as he loads up Netflix.
Nicolaj teeters his head side to side thinking for a moment: “I think so, I wouldn’t know for sure, but I think that he had to of tried at least once, you know…”
“Would you ever try?” Zach injects quickly.
Nicolaj looks at Zach and narrows his gaze, his tiny ice blue eyes cutting through to Zach’s soul: “You think I haven’t already?” He rasps with a smile.
“Ohhhhh, that’s why you can’t ever press you ulti, you’re too fucking blazed to remember!” Juan piques up at his friend, smiling devilishly.
Nicolaj whips his head to the side and tries to reach at Juan: “C’mere…” He tries his best to reach and swat at the muscular little brat.
Zach sits up and pulls the Dane back, saving Juan from those dangly noodle arms slapping barrage: “Projecting much?” Zach giggles, Nicolaj breaking free in an instant.
“Fuck you both.” He clears his throat and re-comforts himself on the couch.
“Answer the question, have you and or will you?” Juan asks again, buffering up a nature documentary.
Nicolaj exhales and sinks into the couch: “I haven’t. And I only will if I’m like, looking to retire at the end of the season. I don’t wanna fuck my team over that much.” He responds with a loft sincerity.
Juan nods and turns the volume down a bit so they can all still talk: “I don’t think I ever will either. Weed is just for relaxing like this or for like after the gym and I’m sore.” He leans back into his chair and reveals that it’s a recliner as he stretches out.
Zach nods: “I can see that. I never did and like, I never will in the future since I’m never coming back either.” He re-comforts himself laying down, picking his feet once again back on Nicolaj’s lap.
Nicolaj tilts his head to the side and blinks boorishly at Zach: “Third time? Really?”
Zach puppy-dog eyes and pleads: “Pwease Mr. Jensen? It’s not like you get to have me in your presence as often as you used to. Let me have this…” he asks ever so nicely.
Nicolaj rolls his eyes and leans back in the couch: “Fine. But don’t kick me in my dick dude, you’ve done that shit before like this.” He grabs both of Zach’s feet and squishes them together.
“I won’t, I won’t.” Zach promises with a cheeky little wink.
Juan chuckles: “You two still act like you’re a married couple, it’s amazing…”
Zach stifles a soft laugh under his breath before speaking: “Jensen and I are happily engaged to each other, he’s just a grumpy pants and never wants to admit it.”
Nicolaj raps his fingers on Zach’s crossed feet: “I think you’re in a one-sided relationship…” he sighs with a few un-amused blinks.
“Awww, what’s the matter Jensen? Don’t want to admit you loveeeeee me?” Zach jeers, folding his arms up behind his head in cocky confidence.
The Dane smiles and gives Zach’s feet a good squeeze: “I just loveeeeeeeee beating you up at any chance I get…” He mocks back.
Zach giggles and sits up now: “Ok, ok you little shit…” he grunts as he moves: “My little Jensen abuses me…” He fake cries as he props his legs up on the table and nuzzles his shoulder right up next to Nicolaj.
“I can tolerate this… for now…” Nicolaj sighs and sinks down into Zach’s body.
“Lover’s quarrel…” Juan mutters with a smile. He turns his attention to the documentary and watches for a moment.
Zach and Nicolaj both look at him then at each other and the Dane mouths off a “you ask” to receive an eye roll from Zach: “So who did you spend the most time with over the last few years Juan? You know our answer…” Zach asks after brainstorming up a question.
Juan turns his head and rests it in his hand staring at the two on the couch: “I’m guessing you mean “spend time” like you guys “spent time” soooo…. Hmmmm…. I think…. I think I’d say it’s tied between Kevin and Vincent.” He responds after some momentary thought.
“Is it because of being on the same team or what?’ Nicolaj continues, trying make Juan feel a bit more included.
Juan sits back in the chair and runs his hands through his curly black hair: “Kevin for sure because we were on the same team. Vincent just because we’re good friends like that, you know?” He tilts his head to the side, staring at his friends a little suspiciously.
“Cannnnn…” Zach starts: “Can you tell us a little story about one of them? Or both maybe?” He pleads with a soft voice.
Juan licks the inside of his mouth and smiles: “What- just because I know all about you two and your stories, you want me to say some now?”
“Kinda, yeah.” Nicolaj responds: “We are interested. You were just a growing lad when we first met you, you’re entirely different now.” The Dane turns his body and props his head on his hand to stare at Juan.
Juan laughs as he runs both hands down his face: “Growing lad…” He repeats to himself: “Ohhhhhhh fuck, where can I start…”
He pauses and thinks: “I think… I think I can start with a good one about Kevin.”
Juan laughs a bit more and stretches out: “Yeahhhhhhhh…” he groans: “Kevin was nice from the start, you know…”
Nicolaj nods: ‘He’s super fucking nice every time I’ve been with him.”
Juan turns his upper body and matches Nicolaj’s pose, looking right at the icy Dane’s stare, occasionally breaking to look behind him at Zach: “You’re right, He’s always been nice. He showed me some cool stuff in the gym when I said I was looking to get swole.”
“He showed you his huge cock…” Zach interjects.
“Shut the fuck up…” Juan laughs, his dimples looking even cuter now that he's flushed a little.
“He helped me train my body, he showed me all the beginner stuff he did and helped along to get pretty lean I’d say.” Juan recalls with joy and a slight glimmer in his eyes.
“He showed you his cock later and that’s when you did the heavy lifting…” Zach butts in yet again.
Juan rolls his eyes: “That’s the “Sneaky and Meteos workout special” if I’ve ever heard one…”
“But seriously, If it wasn’t for Kevin, I’d prolly most likely be in terrible shape. He got me on all these good habits and routines that really helped mold my body as I wanted it.” Juan continues.
Nicolaj nods: “Henrik ever help you out with anything? I know he’s a gym rat too.”
Juan blushes a little: “Henrik and I… he helped me out with something different In the gym…” He stammers trying not to trip over himself.
Zach sits up and leans his upper body over the back of the couch to get a tad closer: ‘Oh shit, this is the start of the cock lifting…” He chuckles as he adjusts himself.
Juan awkwardly swallows: “So….” He starts, unsure where to actually start: “After like, a few months maybe, Henrik asked if I wanted to go to the gym with him. I said sure, we can go to my gym, I can get you in as a guest with me.” He clears his throat as he talks.
“But he wanted to workout at home- I mean, the golden guardians gym. He said that he’s more comfortable there since it’s private.” Juan starts motioning with his hands since he has way too much energy bubbling over inside him now that he’s all flustered.
Zach is leaning so far forward he’s rested now on Nicolaj’s back since they’re both so interested: “You’re making this seem like it’s hard for you to get out…” The Dane prods, his voice smug trying to pierce his way through to get the juicy details out.
Juan sucks his lips in as he keeps getting hotter: ‘Well we did work out, it’s not like he just…. Had me come with him for nothing…” He awkwardly giggles, his voice cracking as he clears his throat time and time again.
“-But you did more than just, work out, right?” Zach takes lead and asks forwardly.
“All…” Juan sits up and shakes his head side to side quickly: “All I’m saying is, this is the story you’re looking for by the way, Henrik not Kevin lol.” He chuckles while scratching his chin: “He said he locked a door, and Kevin for whatever reason decided to stay home from his usual gym time that day…” He’s still being intentionally vague.
Both men are giggling to each other on the couch trying to get an answer: “You can’t just stop there man, come on!” Zach booms, his face getting a slight shade of red too.
Juan purses his lips as he takes in what he’s told so far: “Just so we’re clear, I wont be the only one telling stories right now, right?” He gets out first.
Nicolaj shrugs, Zach the same: “Oh- we’ve got some stories if that’s what we’re doing. But you finish yours and we’ll go from there.”
Juan taps his hand on the recliner rapidly, smiling as he nods slowly: “So one thing that Henrik and I had been doing the entire year is like some casual flirting with each other, some smiles here and there, a few ass smacks in private, some late-night conversations and such…”
“Oh, so some “we’re a thing but not official yet” kinda thing…” Zach sneers with an even larger smile than before.
“Well…” Juan laughs a little awkwardly too: “Kev was in on it too, but he never took it seriously at first so he also…. Joined in with us sometimes too with teasing…”
Zach and Nicolaj are silent, wanting to hear more now before speaking.
“-And after our workout and everything, we thought we were alone, or well, he said we were alone and I believed him, so Henrik made another move.” Juan sits up, his happy sun-kissed face a light red with strong beaming dimples as he stares right back into his friend’s eagerly awaiting faces and ears.
“He uh- pinned me to the wall and got all close to me.” Juan’s voice trembles finishing his sentences.
“He nibbled on my earlobe and said he wanted me to feel him. I was into it so playing along was like fucking heaven for me.” He cracks a tension-breaking giggle out.
“I slipped my hand under his sweats and I just got lost feeling his cock up. I think the bastard planned that out all day since he didn’t have any boxers on. Sure he was sweaty, but like so was I, it didn’t matter. After like a few touches of my fingers, it was already twitching with life.”
Zach smirks and nods: “Been there, done that. Classic.”
Nicolaj breaks out a few light giggles at that.
“He started coping a few feels on me and with all our bumping and grinding, our sweats came off and I just went all for it and just gave him a handjob.”
“What kind?’ Zach blurts quickly.
“Wha-“ Juan takes a moment, narrowing his eyes.
“Like, a sloppy hand job, a fast one, slow and concise… There more than one…” He explains, counting with his fingers as he lists them off.
“It was…” Juan taps his tongue to the roof of his mouth thinking back: “I rested my head on his chest and watched myself stroke his cock while he stroked my hair. Nothing fast, just me admiring his cock, watching it grow and grow…” He sighs longingly, stirring his finger in circles as he remembers.
“Yeah? How’d it all go though?” The Dane ruins his moment with thoughts of what happened next.
Juan awkwardly smiles again: “Well, Kevin walked in a bit after that and basically saw me with my boxers at my ankles and Henrik spreading my cheeks apart with one hand showing off my little asshole. I was wrapped around his body with my hand still wrapped around and stroking his cock and I was at his neck peppering him with kisses!” He just blurts it all out.
“Oh…” Zach swallows his words back.
“Yeah, we had to explain for a while that we had that “un-official thing” going on and that he was accidentally taking part in it time to time while we were way more serious than he was.” He sighs with the explanation.
“It still turned out well though, I mean you guys are great together…” Nicolaj chimes in, trying to ease him from being too hard on himself.
Juan shrugs: “Oh, we were good from like the next day on. He said he thought on it and wanted in on it too since he thought it’d be a good experience for him. It’s just that moment that it happened that makes me feel all weird. It just all coulda gone so different. Kev, Henrik and I are all cool though.”
Nicolaj and Zach both laugh: “Fuck, that’s so fucking typical for Kevin…”
The three share a few more laughs and only stop when the documentary plays a jarring sound: “Fuck- forgot that thing was on!” Zach giggles after his less than manly shriek he just let out.
“Don’t ah- don’t be too hard on yourself Juan. Yeah, being caught sucks but it’s not like it hasn’t happened to any of us before and it’s not like it hasn’t ruined your relationship with either of them because of it.” Zach chirps up with some surprising clarity from within him.
Juan stretches back out on the recliner: “I just hate telling it. It just makes me weird knowing that it could have been anyone else and I really think that only Kevin out of anyone that could have walked it would have taken it that way. I just think we both got super fucking lucky.” He sighs, trying to focus on the tv.
Zach and Nicolaj both stretch back out on the couch, still next to each other but legs out on the table as they watch too: “Yeah, I agree. Being caught fucking suuuuucccckssssss…” Zach groans out as he comfortably sinks down next to his timid Dane on the couch.
Nicolaj rolls his eyes: “Yeah don’t fucking remind me…”
“Am I hearing another story time?” Juan quips.
“Fuck no, not before these edibles start hitting. I wanna feel loose before I get loose, ya know?” Nicolaj comforts himself too down on the side of his boyfriend.
The three watch the next couple minutes of the documentary absolutely captivated by the scenes and gentle narration. They all share some laughs as they keep on watching, time passing by them the longer they watch.
Juan flicks his head after he seemingly turned to stone on the recliner, realizing it’s been just over an hour and no one has moved: “Dude…” He slowly giggles, rubbing his face down.
Zach has his moment of realization and sits up a bit too: “We got stuck, didn’t we…”
Nicolaj cracks his back and turns towards Juan: “Make this documentary interesting or something Juannnn…” He cries out.
Juan fast forwards a bit until he sees two deer chasing after each other and sniffing, the commentator mentioning that this is their mating ritual: “Ok see? Now we’re yiffing. This entertaining?” He blurts with some spontaneous and contagious laughter.
The other two cant help but laugh at the sight of the deep nuzzling each other and making their mating calls: “You’re right, It’s just so romantic, what else can I say…” The Dane cackles with laughter.
The deer trot around a bit more until one stops and the other stops right next to it: “Oh fuck, is this the real shit now?” Zach swipes some hair from his forehead as he giggles some more, his voice cracking already.
The first deer gets mounted, the three go crazy: “They really fucking!” The Dane’s voice booms as the deer mate on their tv.
They laugh as the camera fades to some baby doe shots and they slowly die down their cackling laughter: “Why can’t it be that easy for us?” Zach sighs as he takes his glasses off and swoops his hair back to normal.
Juan leans back in his chair: “I think it is…” He mumbles, partially agreeing.
Nicolaj shakes his head around a bit to clear his mind: “yeah, It’s pretty damn easy.”
“What, you get some dick or something for not a lot of effort?” Zach snides, glaring at his flustered Dane, red faced and eyes equally as red and low staring right back.
“Well…” He cracks a sly grin: “I may have…”
“Story… Story… Story…” Juan chants softly.
“Fuck off…” He giggles with a shoo away hand motion.
“But… Back in like, 2017, Michael was still in the C9 house, remember?” He sighs as he starts.
“You two fucked like, 25/8, how could I ever forget?” Zach sits up and faces Nicolaj, his legs back laid out flat on the couch.
“Yeah whatever kid. I was all alone that thanksgiving at the house and Michael came back like 2 days early than what he told me. When he was gone btw, I didn’t touch a single other person for that entire like month prior including Michael because of some personal feelings and shit and I don’t know what hit me that day he came back, but I knew I had to have him, especially when we didn’t have to be as careful for others so I knew I had to have him fast.”
“That night…” Nicolaj clears his throat: “I heard him running a bath and I knew now was the time. I snuck into his room and waited until I heard him start to take his clothes off and that’s when I barged in. He jumped back a bit but was all smiles when he saw me. I said I wanted to join him and he said fine, but we both keep our boxers on so we don’t get tempted. I sighed but agreed and we hopped in.”
“Isnt he like a giant? How’d you both fit?” Juan scratches his head.
“I’m small as fuck compared to him. I was basically inside his legs.” He says, eyeing his own thin frame down.
“But when we were all situated and all, I started getting hornier just looking at him all wet and almost naked. I started some flirty shit and in like seconds, I had my boxers off before he could even realize. I loomed over him, like this-“ Nicolaj gets on his hands and knees and stretches himself over Zach to show; the Dane’s upper body hovering over Zach, his arms on the couch at his boyfriend’s sides: “And I said that I really really missed him.”
Nicolaj sits back down: “Now, I also knew that I looked really fucking good that night and I know the sight of me wet, with suds dripping off my body, was a golden ticket to him just grabbing me and tugging me down to him. I hugged tight to his wet body and we made out for a good few minutes before I broke apart from him and started palming his crotch. I sat back on my half of the tub and he snapped his underwear off so fast his dick was literally visible in seconds.”
“You two were jackrabbits, I told you.” Zach smirks as his face is beet red now from everything.
Nicolaj smirks but continues on: “I was playing around with him, rubbing suds on my body, fingering myself underwater, sexy talking all the pent up hornyness I had inside me too. I was begging him to just fuck me in this tub right now. And you know what he did?” He huffs softly, getting a bit too into retelling this.
“He fucked the soul out of you?” Juan answers after a moments pause.
“He picked me up by my legs and got us adjusted so my ass was right over his cock. I looked beneath me since I was propping my self up on the sides of the tub and just watched as he hard slammed my ass down on that rock hard cock. I almost whited out, but he reached up and pulled me forward and I wrapped my arms around him, my mind couldn’t focus as when I looked down again, I was planted firmly down on his lap, no cock in sight. My mind blanked as I couldn’t just process that I just took it all in one swoop.” He’s panting for air as he finishes, not fully realizing he’s not breathing much between his sentences.
His mind frazzled, all he can focus on is that night with Michael. He can feel his pulse pick up, his face get hotter, he was almost sweating just thinking about every possible moment he can remember.
“I squirmed around on his lap, and he just held me still as his cock throbbed inside me. I felt every damn pulse and was crying for him to just move and fuck me already. He yanked me up a few moments later and smiled as he said it was cute that my asshole was winking back at him already. I was a whimpering fucking mess, and he just demolished my insides with every pull down of my body. I don’t know when we got out of the tub but the night was a blur after, he was fucking me all night like savage beast.” He puffs his shirt a few times as he finishes, getting some control back over his body.
“Je-jesus christ Nicolaj…” Zach stammers, he swallows hard trying to not get hard as those words still resonate soundly in his head.
“And even better for me I think, in the morning, I got up eventually and saw a polaroid camera on his desk with some pictures printed out too. One was of me smiling with his dick in his hand, another was me with my eyes closed and his dick completely down my throat, he made sure to show my throat bulge off, and one of the two of us, he was standing up and I was on my ass with my legs spread. My arms were wrapped around his legs, my asshole was stretched and cum was all over my fucking thighs and his dick was swinging right over my head. He had the cheesiest fucking smile and I was basically eyes closed, almost half asleep in my horny zombie state.” He coughs as he finishes, not realizing he got a bit too into saying it all.“Sorry, I didn’t mean to get so… heated.” He clears his throat again.
“That was intense man.” Juan pops his shirt a few times to cool himself off.
“I uh…” He squirms around in his seat, trying to hide his bulge from Zach: “I may have gone a little too far into it..” He giggles, eyeing Zach down to see if he notices.
Nicolaj always was a fan of playing these sly games, maybe Zach picks up on it: “Maybe because you’re just a horny little fucker Mr. Jensen.” Zach snarks, crossing his arms staring at him.
Nicolaj narrows his eyes: “Fuck you.”
Zach raises an eyebrow: “Yeah? For real this time?”
Nicolaj exhales and stands up, tugging his shirt down when he’s on his feet: “I’m always for real.” He clears his throat, looking around at his two friends.
He may not realize it, but his bulge is definitely larger than what he originally thought it was. It’s outlined quite well on his sweats, his shirt barely going down to his waist is covering a damn thing: “Nice bulge there Nicolaj.” A slightly more flustered Zach admires with a pop of both his eyebrows.
Nicolaj looks down and can feel his cock grow a little more beneath his clothing: “You miss this big cock Zachy?” The Dane hums, tugging his sweats back some to show off everything.
“Big” Zach repeats back mockingly: “I’m fucking bigger than you idiot.”
“Nonononono, the fuck you are!” Accosted, Nicolaj responds back.
“Oh yeah? Well, I’m probably bigger than both of you idiots!” Juan chimes in as he stands up with confidence and steps right over to the side of the table closest to Nicolaj.
Zach stands up, seeing where this is all going: “We doing a dick show now?” He asks, his words feeling thick as the heat of everything starts setting in on him.
“Dick measuring contests are a key for confidence.” Nicolaj boasts as he drops his sweats to the floor, his dark blue briefs hugging his body tight with his throbbing bulge protruding out: “And I’m fucking confident as FUCK right now…”
Zach rolls his eyes and drops his sweats, his white boxers aren’t as skintight as Nicolaj’s but still look good on him regardless: “So we going soft first? There’s more to a dick than whatever we got right now.” He side eyes Nicolaj: “And you’re already halfway there too…”
Nicolah smirks and palms all down his bulge: “I’ll go last then… Give you some time to catch up…”
Juan drops his sweats last, his wine-red briefs are almost equally as tight as Nicolaj’s right now: “First soft, then hard. Gotta get the full thing since we’re actually doing this.” He palms his crotch as well as he talks.
“Wait…” Zach runs his thumb under his boxer’s waistline: “It wouldn’t be fair since Jensen’s already a little stiffy…” He mumbles, his brain trying to finish the thought he had before he says anything.
“Yeah? And?” Nicolaj peppers in, palming his bulge down.
“I guess…” Zach sighs: “I’ll tell a story or something to get more juices flowing, we just cant do a softy comparison you little cheater.” He pops his lips as he thinks of something to say.
“Got it.” He laughs with a cheeky little adjustment of his glasses.
He flips his hair out of his face: “Remember the All-stars thing 2019?”
“Notttt… I never really gave a fuck about them since I never went.” The Dane crosses his arms with his soft-spoken response.
“Same, kinda.” Juan nods along.
“Fuck, whatever. Basically…” He clears his throat: “Basically that year I went and there was like, all of G2 there too. I really wanted to talk to all of them but since Caps and Jankos were out doing their own thing after all the events, I was only able to get Miky.” Zach explains, his voice soft as he tries not to get too ahead of himself.
“Talk” Nicolaj smirks with some air quotation marks.
“Fuck off.” Zach giggles, Juan’s laughter is there too but he covers his mouth.
“So we talked some and yeah, I didn’t wanna talk, surprise surprise.” He smirks harder, his cute bubbly face stuck in a permanent smile.
“He invited me back to his room since he was able to get one by himself and we “talked” a little more there.” He sways a little side to side as he speaks.
“Talked” Nicolaj air quotations again.
“We actually did, little bitch!” Zach quips: “We had a genuine conversation for like 30 minutes about real life stuff before anything else happened.”
“Well what else happened then?’ Juan stretches his arms as they’re all just standing around in their underwear waiting.
“Well…” Zach blushes harder somehow: “He asked me if I was down for anything more and he put his hand on my thigh! Like, he came onto me, I didn’t put out for him!” He bubbles over with excitement now.
“I asked what he had in mind and real quickly we started making out on his bed. I didn’t wait that long to make a move and I felt him up. We laid out on his bed and I just let him take control with his magic tongue. All I could focus on was his cock growing underneath his briefs and his tongue just working wonders inside my mouth.” He licks his lips almost able to recreate the succulent taste with memory alone.
“Soon our clothes were off- except for our boxers but after he laid a nice ring of hickies all around my neck, he snapped my boxers off and pushed my legs back over my head. I looked down and saw him for a brief moment pause and look at me, his eyes were right on my ass, I could feel it. His cock was bulging at his briefs, just begging to be released. He told me to hold still and he laid down on the bed, propping his perky little ass up and got to work.” He huffs at finishing his sentence, his mind replaying that event over and over in his head so clearly now. His dick is steadily twitching to life now, he’s hoping the others are feeling the same.
“He ate me out unlike anything I have ever felt, I don’t know how he did it. I was a whimpering mess laying on that bed. I looked to the side of my leg a little bit into it all and I saw through the mirror that he slid his briefs off at some point and he was stroking himself some too. I moaned through my sloppy cries that he needed to fuck me already. He tipped me forward a little more as he got up and he could not have looked any more attractive if he tried. His hair was still a perfect brown mop, his chest down to his thighs were perfectly flat and his curved cock was pressed right on my wet hole teasing me to all hell. He held me still as he tortured me with pleasure; I had to watch him drool down on his cock, his spit steadily trickled down the curve of his shaft and drove me mad as I felt it spread out on his tip pressed to me.” He pauses for a brief breath.
“You sure this happened in 2019 and not like, yesterday?” Juan asks, his voice trembling some as their all in the thick of the story now.
“It was so good, I can remember every fucking detail.” Zach laments, his dick significantly larger now under his boxers.
“Where was I…” He mumbles to himself quietly: “Oh! - He pressed and pulled his cock to me, and I could hear the schlicks every fucking time. He gave in and finally buried that beautiful cock in me, I was already too far gone and when I felt his hips touch mine, I just checked out mentally. He controlled my body that entire night and got everything he wanted out of me. I know I wrapped my arms and legs around him at some point because I didn’t want him to ever leave me. I remember waking up and we were snuggled together on his bed, our clothes were still spread out like they were when we took them off. The sun was hitting his body and at the angle he was at, his collarbone was exposed a little above the blanket and that early morning sun made him look like an angel.” Zach bites his lips and swallows hard as he finishes.
Nicolaj nods as he waits a few more moments to make sure he’s done: ‘Was that the best fuck of your life?” He asks, his fingers are at his mouth as he nibbles at his fingertips.
“Close to it.” Zach exhales with a laugh followed: “Fuck- I’m too high right now to talk properly. Are we good to like- move on now? Talking is taking too much from me.
‘Yeah, why not.” Juan nods, his face a darker shade of red after that story as well.
“Do you ever talk properly?” Nicolaj snarks.
Zach gives him a demon glare and rolls his eyes.
Zach exhales, rocks his head around in a circle and bites a tough moan back: “Fuck the dramatics, just… Just like close your eyes, count to three, and then just fucking drop ‘em.” He sighs, clearly eager to get moving.
Juan and Nicolaj close their eyes and mumble they’re ready.
“Ok…” Zach exhales longingly.
“3”
“2”
“and 1”
The sound of three pairs of undergarments swoosh and fall to the ground puffs out from the carpet.
The three open their eyes and take the sights of each other in, each taking seconds but it all feeling like time paused to each as they eye each other down.
Juan curls his toes back and forth anxiously as he feels the gazes of his two guests ogle him down. He’s still wearing his white and red t-shirt, only it’s a little bit wrinkled from being tugged on all day and night with some everyday anxiety. His lean frame still shines through as his shirt hugs his body and shows the slender snaking curve all down his body with his hips just ever so slightly jutted out. His sun kissed skin is a tasteful treat compared to the paleness of his counterparts. His pelvis and inner thighs are cleanly shaven, a few veins from his waist travel down to the base of his cock, bulging out with how damn thirsty he is. His cock throbs as it protrudes out, only getting evermore rigid the longer he stands still staring at his equivalently exposed friends. His practically beer can thick cock just barely crooks out near his tip, just another sightly benefit added along with the plushy gorgeous sack that swangs all as well between his thighs too.
Nicolaj spends his eyesight darting between eyeing Zach down for the thousandth time in his life, himself, and admiring Juan in the same manners in this rare occasion. He keeps his hands behind his back, each clutched at his wrists as he rocks on the balls of his feet trying to not be the first person to say anything to break the silence. His thin frame from the waist down is seen thoroughly through with his bony chicken wing thighs and equally bony pelvic region too. His lengthy slender dick stands out at full attention as he’s captivated fully in the moment now with the weed finally getting him crossed into the horny stage fully now. His pale shaft and sack are offset by the snaking blue veins all around and his perfectly light pink tip too. He can see Juan is clearly thicker than him and overall, better looking but he at least has more length compared to Zach. His cock throbs as he swears, he can feel whenever a pair of eyes are on it; twitching with life as the horny high Dane relaxes more and more of his body and gets prepare for whatever is gonna happen next.
Zach is still, his hands at his sides, unmoving as he’s stuck in time, his mind only on his two friends right now. His ever so slightly chubby frame is barely a tad larger than Nicolaj’s; he’s thin but not a skeleton. Waist down, similar to the other’s there, is equally as cleanly shaven. His cock is rigid and unmoving, only wiggling his hips can get his thick cock to move. He knows he has girth, he’s made that Dane scream on any nights he wasn’t bottoming. His pink tip is rounded off perfectly with his shaft, a clean, smooth run from top down. He doesn’t wanna say that Juan is thicker than him off first looks, he needs some confirmation.
“So uh- you got a tape measure or something Juan?” Zach coughs softly after their brief moments of silence.
Juan smiles as he comes back to himself: “Why, you need some confirmations or something?” He chides, his dimples only looking cuter now that he’s half naked.
“I just need to know if you’re thicker than me. If you are, you have the best cock here, no doubt.” He states smoothly.
Juan bites his inner lip and thinks for a moment: “Lets just do a side by side and let Nicolaj be the judge.” He suggests instead, cocking a nod towards the still Dane.
Zach exhales air through his nose and steps forward: “Fine. C'mere then cutie.”
Juan steps out from his briefs puddled on the floor and gets right in front of Zach, immedaitley pressing his tip to Zach’s pelvis, right at his base: “Feel better up close?’ He whispers, giving Zach a smug flash of his beady brown eyes.
Zach wraps his hand around what he can of the two shafts and shudders a gentle moan out as he strokes and admires: “I think you win…” He breathes out under his breath.
Nicolaj steps between them and wraps his hand around the other half of their shafts, touching fingers with Zach as they mindlessly stroke away: “I think I need a taste test if you want a good score..” He mutters as the scantily clad Dane sinks down to his knees.
They don’t notice it but behind them on the tv, the documentary shows the monkeys mating in the forest, precarious and animalistic as always, Juan secretly lowered the volume so he could hear everyone, no one seemed to notice that it was playing anyway..Juan and Zach both turn and prod the Dane’s face with their tips: “My my my… what a selection…” He giddies like a kid in a candy store.
His light blue eyes gleam as he eyes his prizes down from this new angle, each thick cock throbbing and staring back at him with devilish intent. He can feel the gazes of the others burn holes in his head as he knows their minds are running over themselves thinking of what he’s gonna do next.
“My my my…” He whispers as he grips each cock and strokes all up and down each one.
He peppers kisses on the underside of their cocks intermittently, not wanting to show too much favoritism just yet. He runs his face across the side of each cock, pressing his cheeks down and letting each cock indent his hollow cheeks. He plants a kiss on each man’s pelvis when he gets to the end and repeats this a few times as he moans and tries to make his mind up.
He looks up and sees that they’ve moved on to just making out, each having an arm around each other’s shoulders and their tongues slipping and sliding over each other with wet tender moans filling the room with their sensual escapades.
He pouts his cheeks out as he can’t decide who he wants to taste first. They both look just so appetizing he doesn’t wanna miss out on either or for the first time of the night.
He snaps his eyes up as he feels a hand reach down and pull his glasses off, Juan smiling as he places them on the table: ‘Save you some cleaning later.” He says with a cute little wink.
That settles it.
He closes his eyes and wraps his tiny pink lips around Juan’s juicy tip, flickering his tongue wildinly up and down his slit as he bobs his head down: “You’re too nice…” He stammers, mewling as he runs his free hand through the Dane’s short brown hair.
He flutters his tongue some more around as he sinks lower and lower down his shaft, his lips stretching out the farther he goes. He can feel the pricks and burns already on the corners of his mouth, but he keeps persisting, the pleasure is well worth the pain. He gets about halfway before pulling back and repeating the motions. Tears prick at his eyes as he goes cross-eyed staring at Juan’s partially exposed belly button, the sight gets closer and farther away with every head motion, and it keeps him grounded as his mind is glazed over and flooded with insidious thoughts of what he’s willing to do right now to both of his friends.
He pops off after a few more delicious moments, a wet pop accompanied by some wet panting gets him another praise from Juan: “Good fucking job…” He mutters, staring at the Dane’s pink lips now puffed out and swollen and covered and smothered with his thick saliva.
The Dane wastes no time and only wipes his mouth clean and turns his attention to Zach.
An all too familiar sight, he keeps his eyes open and stares up at his long-time fuck buddy/boyfriend. They lock eyes and Zach’s high, and lust riddled face creaks out a warm smile as he watches Nicolaj effortlessly wrap his lips around his tip and sink down. His lips puffing out the farther he goes is something he will always love and appreciate seeing, the sight being just too damn beautiful to only want to see once.
The Dane’s mind is already in its comfort zone. He doesn’t need to pause and taste; he knew what he’d get the second he laid eyes on his boyfriends cock that night. He’s flooded with teasing warm memories of all the times they’ve teased and blown each other when they were living together, all the close calls, all the long nights and early mornings, the date nights, the sneak-aways, hotel get togethers, and random spur of the moment get togethers. They’ve been at this for a while, and he doesn’t plan on letting it stop any time soon.
He pops off with a wet pop again and some spit instantly dripping out and on his shirt: “You are beautiful…” Zach whispers, smiling even harder now looking down at his Danish cutie wiping the spit off his mouth.
“I think…” He clears his throat: “I think Juan you have won…” He wraps his hand around the man’s cock and rubs his spit all over his shaft.
“I feel so honored…” He giggles, fixing his hair after seeing Zach do the same so many times.
“What does the winner get?” He looks at Zach for his answer.
“Well what do you want?’ Zach mumbles back, taking his own glasses off and placing them next to Nicolaj’s on the table behind him.
“Hmmmm….” He eyes the Dane still stroking him on his knees: “I wanna try something out, get on the couch Nicolaj.” He steps over to the couch and sits down, patting right by his side for the Dane.
Nicolaj gets up and sits down by him, Zach steps over closer but just watching now: “What’s the plan?” Zach asks with an eyebrow raise.
“Flip over, legs up on the back here.” He pats the back of the couch.
Nicolaj happily goes along and flips: “I feel so exposed…” He moans some laughter out, looking up between his legs and seeing his cock twitch on his now exposed stomach.
“Grab his legs and hold them.” Juan tells Zach as he sticks three fingers in his own mouth and nudges up closer to the Dane’s exposed little asshole.
“I’m gonna try and make you cum like this.” He rasps down to the Dane, his face flustered and a dark shade of red with even more blood rushing to his head.
“Try and make me.” The Dane responds with some horny confidence.
“Oh I will.” Juan snaps back.
Zach keeps quiet for now and watches the two go.
“Keep one hand on my cock. And- fuck it, your other on Zach’s.” He commands, toying around with his fingers and tracing featherlight circles around the Dane’s tight pink ring of muscle: “We wont let you go, trust us…” He hums teasingly.
Zach smiles as he watches the Dane stokes him and Juan, mewling as his eyes are on his hole being teased: “What next?” He puffs, flipping his hair out of his face.
“Who’s your dream fuck, Jensen?” He asks, pressing his middle finger down on his hole.
The Dane squirms in place: “Wha-“ He squeaks out, his mind focusing on too many things to focus.
“Who..” Juan leans down and presses his forehead to the Dane’s leg, looking down at the red-faced skeleton of a man: “is the person you would give yourself over to in a heartbeat to just be an absolute cock sleeve for, hm?” He lets each word just fall off his tongue with such a gentle yet strongly promiscuous intent, he knew Nicolaj absorbed every word.
“Uhmmm…” he bites his lips as Juan still presses and circles around his tight little hole with persistence: “G-Greyson…” He sutters softly.
“Hm?” Juan piques, pressing down a bit harder.
“A-ah…” The Dane sucks some air in: “Greyson, fucking Greyson. I’d let him do whatever he wants to me.” He admits with a harsh exhale, sinking lower into the couch.
“Why?” Juan asks quickly, gently nudging his slicked-up fingertip down and getting all of his nail inside the Dane’s tight heat.
“Fhucccckkk…” He moans while clenching his eyes: “We barely ever got the chance…. Nghh- and the bastard fucking promised he’d re-arrange my guts on my birthday, but he never fucking did it, he owes me!” He squirms around, not trying to fidget too much but enough to let some of energy out.
“I thought you two fucked before at bootcamp?” Zach pipes in, just happily watching along as he kept getting passively stroked by the jittery Dane.
“That was like- the second time we ever fucking did anything.” He bites back more moans as Juan starts digging deeper in his heat: “We just- fuckkkk… we just never got around… fucking time….”
“What makes him so special?” Juan asks, pulling his middle finger out and lining up his index finger with it to got back in, his wet pink hole puckering a bit already.
“He showed me this video he took of us during the first time we fucked where I was on his bed naked, and he grabbed me by my ass and pulled me to him.” He licks his lips bringing this back up, still building anxiety from Juan patiently holding his two fingers at his hole.
“He whispered ready and literally pumped his whole cock inside me three times. By the second one, I was already curling my toes but the third one and him puling out had me literally cumming while I was kicking and squirming around, grasping at his sheets as it was the best fucking thing I’d felt in a long damn time” He’s smiling and his cock is twitching laid up his stomach.
Juan nods his head and still holds his fingers still. Nicolaj looks over at him and pleads with a soft mewl: “Please….”
Juan smirks and darts his two fingers down, Nicolaj smiling and closing his eyes at the return of the burn inside him: “I’d let him take me for a whole week if he wanted…” He sighs softly, biting back more whimpers.
“He had you broken…” Juan mutters, his fingers enveloped fully as he’s plungering his slick digits in and out of his lover’s tender hole, the Dane’s inner walls gripping them tight as he goes.
“He has a cock like no other…” He squeaks again, his jaw going a little slack if he’s not too careful: “I let him break me..”
Juan hums softly still relishing in how nicely the Dane is clenching around his fingers. He snaps his digits down to his knuckles and watches the Dane squirm as he jabs at his prostate: “You’re leaking all over yourself…” Zach warmly mentions, his voice is soft and low, trying to match the mood.
“I-uhmhmmm… I’m waiting for him to make me chumhhmmhhmm…” The Dane wails, his body trembling in his bent-up pose.
“What about me?” Juan asks, slipping another finger in with ease only get a lewder long moan in return from the Dane.
“Wha- wha about you?” He murmurs back.
“What do you want me to do to you? I can always stop this you know…” He peters his words out slowly, licking each word off his tongue with a buttery smooth tone.
“I want you to make me cum, like… like you said” His voice is a mixture of pants and soft whimpers as those three fingers have not showed him any signs of stopping.
“How though? Like this orrr….” He stars scissoring his fingers around, curling and dragging them back and forth at a ruthless pace.
“Fuck me like this. Zach hold me and you dagger drive your burrito thick cock deep inside me pleaseeee…” He begs.
“Burrito thick cock…” He repeats back aloud, scoffing slightly: “Is that what you think of it?”
Zach giggles: “That’s why we called you Juanito burrito, remember?”
Juan rolls his eyes and stands up on the couch: “Fuck you two...” He sighs as he holds the Dane by his waist and steps behind him, his ass on the back of his couch. He flicks his shirt off his body and shakes his curly hair around a few times: “Hold him steady.” He points at Zach, his muscular frame now fully naked.
Nicolaj looks up between his still folded up legs and gawks at Juan towering over him, his cock pointing straight down and throbbing as it stares right back at his sweet inviting hole: ‘You look so different now…” He moans, the heat burning inside him tearing at him to get some release.
Juan tips his cock straight down and prods the Dane’s slicked and stretched open pink hole: “Ready?” He breathes softly, the words almost escaping him before he can speak.
“I need it..” He moans back, biting his bottom lip waiting in anticipation.
Juan holds his cock down as he squats, jabbing right through the tight ring of muscle like it was nothing, his tip being greeted with a tight warm wraparound by the Dane’s inner walls: “H-holy fuck you’re tense…” He hisses gently, only slightly shocked with how tight the Dane feels around him.
“Fuhhhhhck…” Nicolaj gasps as the air leaves his lungs: “Right there…” His voice is weak as he pleads for more.
Juan looks down in concentration and grips the Dane’s cheeks with open palms and repeatedly squats down, jutting a third of his cock in with each press down. His muscular thighs stretch and flex , the couch squeaking and wet squelches from the Dane’s tight hole stretching tight around his cock fill the air along with Zach’s soft hot gasps as he holds Nicolaj still watching it all go down.
The Dane looks up with tears pricking at his eyes, his face flushed red and his mind racing a mile a minute. His gut is burning hotter and hotter as that thick cock splits him open, just watching a good amount of that girthy shaft disappear inside him over and over again is almost as mesmerizing as the low hanging and swanging sack behind. He can only force out moans and sputter out wet spittles as his brain is a frenzied hot mess right now.
Juan takes a moments pause after enjoying a few well indulged moments longer of breaking the Dane upside down before pulling out and jumping down to the side of the couch: “Flip him, he needs to feel more.” He hurries out his voice to Zach, not wanting to waste time.
Zach still in a lull from the edibles, shakes off the stuckness, quickly snaps Nicolaj’s crumpled shirt off his body and flips the Dane over: “I’ve never him so depraved before..” He chuckles as he strokes the Dane’s hair, his ass in the air as Juan pulls his legs over the armrest.
His legs are dangling off the edge but not quite on the ground and Zach is right at his face, he’s stuck in the best position possible with two of his favorite people, Nicolaj is getting his little taste of heaven: “Why stoppp…” He groans, his cock twitching as it hangs freely above the ground.
Juan grabs both of his arms as he presses his cock to his puckering hole: ‘Don’t you fucking worry, you’re gonna be in good good hands…” He rasps with a heartly smug chuckle.
Nicolaj bucks back some and Juan meets him halfway and juts his hips forward; he gasps out as he’s filled back up again, that oh so desirable burn in his stomach coming back with a vengeance as he’s still adjusting to that thick girth filling him out and then some. Juan gives him a few courtesy ruts forward so he can get a little tease of how he’s about to feel; Nicolaj just felt his whole-body tingle and shudder as he felt his prostate get grazed, he knows he’s about to go numb: “Fuck me…” He whimpers out.Juan licks his lips and starts pounding away, his cock stretching the Dane out as he goes, the further down the lewder his gasps and moans get. Nicolaj is feeling his arms burn too as they’re pulled back and he’s lifted back off that alone; he’s gasping out in pain as he can feel and hear Juan pile drive his cock further and further down inside him.
He opens his eyes to be face to face with Zach’s twitching cock staring right at him, his plump pink tip merely centimeters away from his face: “So good…” He pants out, interchanging his moans and yells as Juan persists though.
Juan glimpses down at the Dane’s body, his pale bony cheeks covered in a thin layer of sweat, his soft snow-white skin is blemish free aside from 2 gentle handprints on both cheeks. From his gently booty mound up to his neck, his body is a tensed up, veins and muscles showing out everywhere as he yanks his arms back harder and drives his cock forward ruthlessly as well. He swings his eyes a little lower and time half-times for these next few seconds for Juan, the sight of the Dane’s tight asshole puffing out as his cock is buried deep inside only to grip and stay hugged all around tight the entire way back like it’s almost gliding down his shaft. He closes his eyes and looks back up, knowing is he watched for any longer, he’s of just cum right there: “Oh goddddddd…” The Dane beckons out like a siren.
Juan looks at Zach just stroking himself watching Nicolaj take this dick down like this: “Hey!” He hisses his way.
Zach tips his head up: “Fuck his mouth or something, he’s way too loud right now!’ Juan calls out to him.
Zach looks down at his friend and lover so depraved and languid right now. He almost didn’t even think about himself and what he was gonna do, the show was almost good enough just to watch alone, let alone participate himself.
The man slides his own shirt off and strokes the Dane’s hair a little, cxatching his far-fleeting attention: “You can handle me right?” He asks with a warm smile, one hand now on his shaft stroking it gently right in the Dane’s eyesight.
Nicolaj nods and goes right back into wincing and almost a moan but Zach stuff his mouth right up with his tip jutting immediately at his lips as soon as Zach got the ok.
His muffled moans and cries vibrate all down Zach’s cock as he presses forward, stretching the Dane’s pink little lips all out and around his shaft: “You’re so fucking hot right now…” He whispers with another warm smile down to Nicolaj.
He looks up and down the Dane’s stretched out body, his blissfully high mind seemingly numb in wanting to say any words as he watches Juan pulverize his lover’s petite ass. What would be exasperated moans from the thin Dane are only heard as wet muffles as Zach gently keeps rocking his hips forward steady, hitting the back of the Dane’s mouth with every press forward.
Juan shakes his head and makes a rough grunt before tugging the Dane back even harder down his cock, splitting him as far open as he can, almost each new thrust forward makes a wetter squelch than the last: “He’s clenching hard, I think he’s close.” He grunts again, drilling his cock forward as hard as he can.
Zach pulls his cock out, thick spit drips out of the Dane’s gasping mouth, he coughs and sputter up spit all over the couch as he gasps for air: “I’mmm… gonna c-cccummm…..” He stutters barely, his voice a ragged mess.
Zach slaps his cock around each of Nicolaj’s cheeks, each plap leaves a wet print in its place: “Then cum for him baby, cum on the end of his cock…” he whispers down gently, planting a nice wet kiss right on his forehead too.
Nicolaj cries out endlessly, his wails getting higher pitched every passing second: “So gooodddd…” He murmurs, clenching his toes as he’s just about to reach his peak. He can feel every inch of Juan inside him, his inner walls hugging that thick cock so damn snug, but Juan keeps drilling him harder and harder, not once did he ever relent. His mind has just been echoing the sounds of his body, his cries, his moans, his tight little hole squeaking out those lewd wet pops and squelches every time Juan pulled out and slammed back in. Juan never gave him a break, he held his arms back and yanked him back hard every chance he got, he about lost it when he felt his skin on his bubble butt.
Juan’s body, face, and cock are just captivating the Dane’s mind and focus, his eyes flutter open and close as he goes deadweight now that his orgasm hit him: “Ohmyfuckkkkkk… fuckkkkkkkk….” He cries out, losing all control of himself in a matter of seconds.Juan bites his lip and keeps pounding forward as the Nicolaj sputters out of control on his cock: “This what you wanted Nicolaj?” He huffs out, dropping his arms and letting the Dane just go limp on the couch,“Mmhmmm…” He moans out facedown.
Juan pulls out carefully, Nicolaj wincing through his moans at the loss. Juan wipes his forehead and looks at Nicolaj, his pink asshole gaped open to the exact size of Juan’s cock and puckering as his frail little body tingles trying to cope with the loss and mind-shattering orgasm. His legs are limp and dangling alongside his cock, cum drips down onto the floor as neither of them had the sense to control that: “Fucking cleanup..” He grunts with a slight bit of laughter.
Zach hops off the couch and steps over to Juan: “Worry about that later...” He hushes.
He palms Juan’s aching cock and presses it to his stomach: “Fuck me please…” He pleads softly.
Juan smirks, loving how easy this is all going for him: “Where?” He pops back, gently rocking his hips forward and fucking his hands.
Zach pauses for a moment, enjoying how hot and heavy his cock feels in his palms, he thinks it over as every second longer he stares at that thick cock, the harder it gets to stay focused: “I-I…I’m just gonna bend over, how about that? Make it easy for everyone.” He mumbles, snapping himself out of his light stupor.
Juan eyes Zach’s slenderness down as he bends over, his pale snow skin looking damn near flawless as the light slipping through the blinds outside shows off his smooth back right down to his plump and spread open ass: “I can almost touch my toes!” He giggles looking back and up at Juan through his legs.
Juan smiles and pops his thumb in his mouth: “Who’s your dream fuck, Zach?” He asks as his thumb pops out of his mouth with a borderline cartoonish pop.
“It’s a little corny….” His blush beaten face awkwardly mewls back.
Juan rubs Zach’s beautifully spread mounds, both hands tossing and tushing his jiggly cheeks and toying around spreading his pink untouched hole apart: “Try me.”
“It’s kinda’ve been you….” He moans back after a deep exhale.
Juan pops his eyebrows and rubs his slicked thumb over his petite pink hole: ‘Oh?” He pops back slightly surprised.
“What set it over the edge was a snap picture Vincent showed me one time at a party.” He moans, carefully bumping his hips back on that precarious thumb pressing down on him.
“Go on…” Juan nods, still trying to tease right now and keeps gyrating his thumb around.
“I showed him this pic that ah- Will sent me of him laying his dick out on a wine bottle and he showed me that pic of you laying in bed one morning and you just took a pic of yourself looking down your body showing off your abs and your bulge.” He seamlessly gets through it all with only a few stubborn moans that escaped out.
Juan nods now satisfied and presses his thumb down in, Zach gasping out now getting that desirable burn stoking about in his gut: “I don’t remember that one but it sounds like me, yeah…” He chuckles at the thought.
“You made it something- ahhh-“ He hisses, stopping himself as he feels his crooked thumb bury deeper inside him: “You popped your tip out the top of your waistband and you could just barely see though the gap just how hard you really were…” He hisses with clenched teeth, his fingers digging harder into his calves.
“That sure does sound like me…” Juan pops his thumb out and spits right on his hole and presses his aching tip right to it: “How bad have you wanted this?” He rasps, squeezing his cheeks together and squishing his cock between them.
“Treat me l-like Nicolaj… make me a sputtering mess.” He chokes out: “Put that dick up in my spine pleaseeeee….” He cries as he bucks back.
Juan grips his hips in place and drools down a little more on his shaft: “I can do that…” He whispers back: “Ready?”
“Y-yessss please…” He begs, his moans sounding like whimpering cries now more than ever.
He drools a bit more down right on his tip and slides in with a tight gasp from Zach: “Is this how you wanted me?” He hisses, his voice wavering a little now that his cock is re-wrapped in a heavenly tight grip again.
Zach’s mind is lucid trying to process how strong that thick cock spreading his ass apart, every thrust is only making him sluttier for more as he’s been depraved of any real action this entire time: “Just fuck me… talk later…” He whimpers through the building pressure inside.
Juan is quiet for a few moments, the sounds of Zach’s whimpers and how loud and lewd the sounds are when their hips meet fill the living room, overpowering the now ignored nature documentary. With Nicolaj still lulling about on the couch splayed open and used, the two are just to themselves for now.
Zach can barely keep his eyes open, he doesn’t even dare look between his legs anymore, he caught sight before of that thick cock disappearing inside him and he about whited out. He tilts his head up, straining his neck trying to stay stable but his spine feels so fluid and loose right now. Every thrust is jabbing right past his prostate like it was nothing and seemingly pounding right at his spine, sending energy and nerve tingling’s all over his body.
Juan bites his lip as he feels Zach spasm a little on his cock, his right leg was shaking as he barely stayed attached to keep standing up: “How bad do you want it?” He pants, wanting to end it now.
Zach cries out, his mind only fixated on the cock burrowing its way deeper inside his insides: “I need it…” He croaks out, letting go of his legs and starts trying to stand straight.
Juan helps him and wraps one arm around his chest and holds him tight, burrowing his cock down to the base as they’re standing tall pressed together: “How bad?” He grunts gently in his ear.
Zach is all whimpers now, he looks down and sees Juan’s powerful arm lock him in place and his other down at his cock, palming it trying to make him cum: “D-don’t pull out..” He whispers back, placing his own arm around Juan’s.
Zach feels it all burning in his gut now, every slam forward he swears he can feel hit his stomach. He clenches hard around Juan and begs silently for his sweet release. He feels every inch spread him apart and leave him aching and begging for more the moment he feels any bit of emptiness inside him.
Juan tips his head down to the back of Zach’s neck and huffs: “It’s so fucking close…”
Juan grits his teeth harder as Zach clenches tighter yet again, finally getting that last little bit he needed. He snaps his cock right back in and holds Zach close to him as his cock twitches inside him: “Just… one… more…” He pants, so desperately searching for his release.
Zach hits his peak the moment he feels Juan’s thick warm seed spurt out inside him: “Oh fuck…” He pants tirelessly.
Zach spills his warmth out in Juan’s cupped hand, relishing every little second he can of his lover’s cock rooted inside him and twitching out rope after rope of his seed: “Fuck I needed this…” he happily moans, resting back in Juan’s sweaty bodily embrace.Their embrace is short lived as right when he’s finished, Juan pulls his arms back and steps back and with one quick leg movement, his cock slides out with a wet pop: “Fuck I’m beat…” he giggles as he steps carefully back to the chair and falls back into it.
Zach carefully crumples down to his knees and twists around to his side and feels his puckering hole, begging him to be stuffed again: “You were fucking ruthless…” He laughs now exhausted and sensitive all over.
He presses two fingers inside a little and scoops out some of the cum steadily being forced out and brings it right to his lips: “It might be just because I’m high, but that was the best dick I swear I have ever got before.” He pops his fingers out and wipes his mouth clean.
“Mmm-hmmmmmm…” Nicolaj responds back still face down in the couch.
Juan smiles laying back in his recliner: “I’m a fucking beast…” He chuckles softly to himself.
Zach eyes Nicolaj still laid out on the couch, then Juan laying back on the chair. He eyes the cum leaking out down his inner thigh now and says: “We should clean up before we pass out.”
Juan groans and lays back even more: “It’s just you though that’s needs it…”
Nicolaj groans and slides himself down off the couch: “I got it…” He grunts now having some energy back in his system.
Zach eyes the slender Dane down as he snakes his way down the couch and army crawl towards him: “What’s your-“
Nicolaj spreads Zach’s legs apart and drags his tongue all up the cum that dripped out down his inner thigh: “I need a taste too..” He mewls.
Zach winces as the Dane carefully works his tongue around, being careful not to press too hard on his sensitive hole: “You’re a mess…” Zach grits through his teeth, watching Nicolaj lap away at him. He bites his hand as he’s just too damn sensitive to not have a moan or two slip out. He can feel his asshole pucker and force more and more of Juan’s hot seed right out of him, the slimy warmth feeling oh so dirty knowing Nicolaj is lapping it all up.
The Dane sits up a few moments later and wipes his mouth: “You’re good.” He smiles, sitting back on his knees: “We should shower thought or something.”
Zach stands up with a grunt and helps his wobbly boyfriend up with him: “before we do that though…” He steps over to Juan still laid back eyes closed in his chair: “We all said someone, who’s your dream fuck?” He looks down at Juan, smirking as Nicolaj steps beside him and does the same.
“Hm?’ Juan pops one eye open: “Oh- me…” He jolts his back up and gets a face first view of both his lover’s bare stomachs and deflated cocks.
“We need to know…” Nicolaj insists, leaning forward on the arm rest.
“Well- hmm…” He thinks for a moment: “It’s – I’d say it’s uh, Rasmus, for sure.” He taps his tongue to the roof of his mouth as the words left his body.
“Why him?” Zach pops his eyes at his answer.
“I was talking to Jankos on twitter dm’s about some jungling stuff and the conversation derailed fast when we got off topic and he showed me this video he had of him saved in his phone.” He grunts while standing up.
“It started with Jankos turning a corner shouting for Rasmus. They were in their team house and when he got to his room and kinda barged in while still shouting. Rasmus was at his computer only wearing sweats and Marcin said: “Lemme see boy!”
Zach and Nicolaj turn their heads down giggling.
“Rasmus spun around in his chair and said “What, this?’ As he flicked his sweats down and his juicy looking cock flopped out. Like, I’d never have guessed he had that packing but my god was I blown the fuck back. Thick, hard, intimidating... man’s has everything. Marcin then gave him all sorts of praise, watching him bat it around and wrap his hand around it. It was really weird, not gonna lie, but hot too.” He finishes with a cute little toe curl and popping up on his ankles.
“Rasmus and Marcin…” Nicolaj scratches his chin: “Seems typical like behavior for them…” He smirks thinking a little more on it.
“But anyway- only shower is my room and it’s one at a time since it’s a small, cramped stall shower. Me first.” He lurches forward with a long stride towards his bedroom.
“What a nice host…” Zach grumbles as he sits on the couch.
“Re-watch some of that nature documentary. It’s not like we actually watched it in the first place!” Juan calls out behind his now closed door.
Nicolaj sits down next to his equally nude counterpart and hands him his glasses: “I like, barely saw any of that documentary- I’m still way too high to think straight.” He chuckles as he leans in to Zach’s shoulder.
They both sit back in the couch and Zach re-winds it back close to the start: “I guess we can just watch it now that we’re not horny little devils anymore.” He snuggles in a little closer to Nicolaj.
They all eventually shower and all cuddle up on the couch to spend the rest of the night riding out the rest of their high with the documentary. They’re all cuddled up under an enormous quilt Juan had in his closet and they all only bothered to put their sweats back on.
It was only a matter of an hour before they all three drifted to sleep cozied up like the good old days.
END.
It was one of those days where everything was hazily bad. Not unbearable but heavy and dull and just one half step to the side of what it should be. A day that happens sometimes to some people, and is mostly made tolerable with similarly dispirited company.
So they were sitting on the living room floor of the Du Loc apartment, where there was a thick rug good for absently running one’s fingers on. Gawain was vaguely pretending to read Tom Stoppard, and Lancelot was tracing circles on the carpet, and watching Gawain, and humming tunelessly.
Gawain shifted slightly to be closer, book folded in his lap. “When I was a kid I was convinced I would die at nineteen. I don’t know why.” He said it like it had just come to mind, and perhaps it had.
“Like, on your birthday?” Lancelot asked, attending this point thoughtfully.
Shrugging, he answered. “Christmas, I think. Winter. It would have been snowing, anyway.”
“Well, I’m glad you didn’t,” Lancelot said gently.
Sitting straight with a start to clarify, Gawain faced him intently.“I wasn’t planning--”
“I know!”
Reassured on this point, he sat back. “Just, I was sure I would somehow. Since I was a little kid so I sort of planned-- around it. Like I had to get out at eighteen and bring my brothers, and I did, and that was-- I thought-- the point of my existence.” He rushed past this point breathlessly before it could be examined, “then I had a little over a year and I went to college sure, and had fun and tried to do everything, and then I-- I didn’t die.”
He shrugged, looking off into some distant point somewhere over Lancelot’s shoulder. “It was a normal winter and I never told anyone and suddenly I had so much time I hadn’t planned for.”
Delicately, Lancelot nodded. “That doesn’t… not make sense.”
With an indecorous laugh, Gawain leaned forward to sprawl in his lap. “No, no, it’s alright, speak your mind this is the-- the free marketplace of ideas.”
“Okay, well, it does explain some things about you,” Lancelot admitted not unkindly. As if to ameliorate this comment, he ruffled Gawain's hair-- really he thought it was soft and nice to run one's fingers through, but no one else had to know that. “You’re much better now though, you know.”
“Low bar,” Gawain muttered, face still pressed into the front of Lancelot’s sweater. “But thank you. I hope so.”
There was a moment of companionable yet awkward silence, before Gawain huffed in tired amusement. “You can play with my hair, that’s allowed.”
“Oh. Thank you.”
Somewhat recently, Gawain had formally decided that casual physical affection was the good kind of weird, and was satisfied with this arrangement. They were silent again for a while as if the conversation was forgotten. In actuality, Lancelot was thinking rather closely on the matter, while his fingers wove absently through brown curls.
“I think…” he said finally, “I see how it could be more frightening to-- find yourself with an expanse of unexpected time, then to anticipate death. Like, how-- you were sure and there's comfort in surety like that, sometimes. Knowing is having the ability to plan and be in control, in a weird way?”
“... yeah,” Gawain agreed, turning to rest his cheek on Lancelot’s chest. “You’re too good a person to see through me so well. Odd man.”
“I could have hidden depths,” he suggested mildly. “I was really into true crime last year.”
“And this year. And next year, probably, and-- ow!” Gawain pulled away a hand width to glare suspiciously up at his face. “You pulled my hair.”
“...maybe. Sorry.”
Summoning the energy for a devilish grin, Gawain placed both hands on Lancelot’s shoulders and, yieldingly, he let himself be pinned up against the couch. “Well, I’ll have to do something to you in revenge.”
Lancelot turned pink, said something like, “Oh-- hng-- yeah!” and Gawain leaned forward, and--
The key turned in the front door. Vivian walked inside and put her purse down on the table, and greeted Gawain, who was sitting across the room from Lancelot.
“Hello Mrs Vivian thank you for permitting me to exist in your beautiful home,” Gawain said quickly.
“Um. Hi, mom.”
“Uh huh,” she looked unconvinced. “What have you been up to?”
Lancelot stalled. They were just sitting on the floor. Incredibly suspicious.
“Reading…. This book,” Gawain tried valiantly, pointing at the requisite prop.
She narrowed her eyes, fighting a smile. “Salacious literature huh? That’s going in your record Gawain Orkney.”
“Yes ma’am.”
“You know I’m joking don’t you?”
“Yes ma’am.”
Vivian laughed lightly. “Alright, alright. Do you two want to order take out?”
“Yes please thank you Mrs Vivian.”
The day wasn’t, by definition, one that could be rectified, by anything short of going to bed and trying for a better one. But good company and takeout and listening to Lancelot explain the Burke and Hare murders while they mostly didn’t watch Jurassic Park was a halfway decent way to spend the interim. Around nine, Vivian cheerful and not unkindly invited Gawain to leave. Lancelot accompanied him down the litany of stairs, and they parted on the front step.
“Ah-- sorry we just sat on the floor all afternoon?”
Gawain kissed his cheek. “It was nice. I like being boring I think, it’s nice.”
Pink returning to his face, Lancelot smiled hesitantly. “Well. Still. Sorry my mom kicked you out at nine and-- uh-- I-- We haven’t--”
Kissing him goodbye with a smile, Gawain shrugged. “We’ve got time right? Lots of time. Not such a bad thing.”

The bet is really simple. Hal just has to go stright to some random human being and tell them a pick-up line. Easy, right?
But there're two 'but's.
First 'but' – this 'random human being' won't be totally random. It will be chosen by Guy Gartner. And if that isn't bad enough, there's always a second 'but' – it shouldn't be just a pick-up line, it has to be The Worst Pick-Up line in the world.
Great, right?
Well, Hal isn't a stranger to making clown of himself. He has a really long intership, so he shouldn't be really embarrassed. And he isn't, not really.
He had done much worst than that.
The point is – Guy is the worst friend ever (or he just can be if he wants and now he definitely wants it really bad).
He noticed that Jordan was just glancing from time to time at some cute blonde guy in the corner of the bar. And Guy of course got the wrong idea. He said Hal was starring and of course he had to choose cute blondie as a best bet's victim.
What's worst, before they made the bet Hal even actually thought about talking to cute blondie. Not because he wanted to know that guy that much, but because that guy looked very sad. Looking by how obsessively he checked his phone almost every minute since he got to the bar – he was definitely stood up by someone (just as Hal and Guy being stand up by John, who apparently had better things to do or was just too scared to go with two of them and probably was right with the second one; he was the last totaly sane and inteligent Green Lantern on Earth – at least in his, and most of superheroes opinion – so going somewhere with Hal and Guy alone could be kind of really traumatic for him).
So, all in all, Hal really just wanted to help and make cute blondie's evening better.
But then the Guy happened and that's it.
Now, Hal's making his way through slightly crowded bar, thinking that it could have always went a way worse. He notices Guy, who's apparently trying to sit at the bar counter, closer to whole action – close enough to hear all the show, but not enough to make it suspicious.
Just great, Hal has a true audience now.
When Jordan aproaches cute blondie, he isn't even noticed in the first place. The bar is too noisy, with all the sounds of laughing, and talking, and music. He has to sit next to man to make him rise his head from phone.
From shorter distance Hal can tell that cute blondie isn't some sort of hyper hansome playboy type, nor delicate beauty type. He's rather normal type. He just has something friendly in his look, something really warm and lovable. Something hard to describe, but definitely noticable.
He has a deep, blue eyes with sparkles in them, Hal notices.
"Okay, I'm here. What's your next two wishes?" Hal says with all his confidence and his most charming smile. The line was of course also chosen by Guy.
For a minute blondie is just starring at Hal and bliknking slowly. And then he speaks.
"Whoa, okay..." He has a really nice, warm voice, even thought it sounds suprised. It suits him well, Hal thinks. "Probably a glass of water, 'cause that was dry. And terrible."
"Yeah, I know" Hal agrees with laughter, because... well, that was terrible. And dry. Also because cute blondie looks slightly bit as if Hal just tried to convince him his grandmother was a poodle a second ago, or as if Jordan just offended his cat (assuming he has a cat... or grandmother, in this case). "That was the point. Y'know, just a silly bet. Sorry for that."
Hal points at Guy behind his back (who's trying to look as unintrested in this conversation as he can, but still manages to look exceptionally suspicious) as if that explains everything, and smiles apologetically at blondie.
"But I think I can fix that. What 'bout that glass of water... or maybe something stronger? What do you think 'bout a drink?" Hal asks and uses all of his charm, and boldness. And probably also brashness.
This actually cannot work, but he's Hal Jordan. He's awesome. There's nothing impossible for him.
"Wait," Cute blondie answers, frowning a bit as if he's thinking on something hard. "wouldn't it made your horrible line actually work?"
Hal doesn't have an answer for that.
"Well, yeah. If you look on this like that, you're totally right." He agrees and decides to change the subject, because he can't argue against that. "By the way, the name is Hal."
"Oh... I'm Barry" Cute blondie– Barry says quickly, and seems to blush a bit, but it's hard to tell thanks to semidarkness in the bar.
"Barry Allen." He adds shortly.
"If that's so, I'm Jordan. Harold Jordan." Hal says seriously, obviously parodying James Bond and Barry smiles at that.
He has a really nice smile.
"What are you doing in this beautiful night at bar alone?" Hal asks, even thought he probably knows the answer already.
Barry seems to genuinely sadden a bit. Just a moment ago he was too involved in conversation with Hal to remember about whatever it was, Hal assumes.
"Oh, Iris- it is, my friend, she's a reporter and has a lot of work. Very often unexpected work. She couldn't get here on time. But I guess it's okay, since I do that a lot as well. I mean, not showing up at the appointed time."
"I see... What a shame." Well, it is a shame. But not for Hal, probably.
"So, if you're free tonight and if you don't want to let me make it up to you by drink, I have a better idea." Hal continues with mischievous grin, because Barry still doesn't seems very convinced. Fortunately, he has an ace up his sleeve. "What 'bout I let you choose my friend's bet's victim in revenge? Y'know, a person who he will be obliged to talk to with the worst pick-up line ever? What'd you say on that?"
Now, Barry's smile is still nice, cute and all, but also a bit scary.
"Well, I would say he may not be happy about it." he answers with a grin and looks theatrical at something behind Hal. As if it isn't enough, he also nods his head in chosen direction.
Hal turns around and can't help but also grin. Barry's pointing at a bunch of gentelmans, looking like thoroughbred bodybuilders (and remarkable unfriendly). Even from his place in corner of the bar he can hear a loud swearing and that's the most he can understand from these gentelmen's conversation.
"That totally works for me." Hal says happily and can't help but feel as if he just met his soulmate.
Hux sits at his desk in his private office, hunched over his datapad, scrolling through report after report. There’s a glass of fine Tevraki whiskey lounging on his right, but he’s barely touched it, concentrated as he is on the stream of data before his eyes.
He doesn’t particularly notice when the door to his bedroom slides open and Ren emerges in nothing but his black boxers. Hux lifts his gaze just for long enough to register a pout on Ren’s face, then returns back to his datapad.
“Hux,” Ren calls, somewhere between cautious and plaintive. Hux ignores him. “I’ve been waiting for hours,” Ren complains, putting his hands on his thighs and leveling a glare at Hux that isn’t returned.
“I’m busy,” Hux mutters, mentally berating himself for giving in to the distraction. Ren can do and think whatever he wants; Hux has actual business to take care of. And, unlike Ren, he has the willpower to do it instead of succumbing to his baser, carnal desires.
He studiously doesn’t look at Ren, just in case the baser, carnal desires still manage to take over.
Ren tsks, then strides toward Hux to stand at the edge of his desk, his shadow falling over the General’s datapad. Hux adjusts the screen brightness and proceeds with his reading.
“Hux,” Ren says again, more insistent now, a vaguely threatening edge to his voice. He circles the desk to loom directly above Hux, breathing heavily in another attempt to elicit a reaction.
Hux doesn’t acknowledge him, swiping right to load the next report.
He can hear Ren huff above his shoulder, then his chair is suddenly moving away from his desk all by itself. Irritated, he raises his head just in time to see Ren lower his previously outstretched hand and swiftly kneel between Hux’s spread knees.
As much as the view sends a thrill straight to the pit of Hux’s stomach, he truly doesn’t have the time.
While Hux is busy collecting his thoughts, Ren makes quick work of unbuttoning Hux’s pants and begins mouthing at Hux’s limp cock through his underwear. It takes all Hux’s much-praised willpower to put his hand into Ren’s hair and pull him gently away.
Ren makes a dissatisfied noise at the back of his throat as Hux guides his face away from his general genital area.
“Okay, Hux, you can’t be that busy,” he says, looking up at Hux in disbelief.
“I’m sorry, Ren,” Hux tells him, trying to let him sense the honest-to-gods regret he feels about the situation. “But I truly need to finish with this risk analysis report first.”
Ren slumps, sitting back on his heels on the floor before Hux. He looks hurt, and Hux hates it. He leans down, hooking his finger under Ren’s chin, tipping his face up and placing a kiss to his lips. He doesn’t let it get heated, just holds still for a few moments, hoping to convey that he isn’t happy about the bad timing, either.
“I’ll make it up to you,” he says, pulling away and searching Ren’s eyes. “I promise.”
Ren licks his lips, where Hux’s mouth has just been. “When?” he asks, impatient but, for once, not arguing.
He won’t like the answer Hux is going to give him, but it’s the only answer Hux has for him.
“When I can,” he says, reaching out to pet Ren’s hair, as much tenderness as he can allow himself without straying too far from his schedule.
Ren visibly deflates at that, but seems to accept his loss. “I’ll be waiting in bed,” he mutters, standing up and stalking out of the office into the bedroom.
As Hux watches the door close behind him, there’s nothing he wants more than to follow him.
He makes his eyes return to the datapad and settles in for a lonely all-nighter.
Fifteen minutes later, he receives a holopicture of Ren’s fully hard dick, mumbles fuck it, and follows Ren into the bedroom.
He doesn’t regret it.
Tetsu couldn't believe what he was seeing. He honestly thought he was  hallucinating this shit.
But he wasn't.
Because right in front of him was his boyfriend, Bakugou Katsuki, who was wearing a crop top with the words 'Daddy's Little Slut' splayed right on the front in bold letters, he was wearing an orange and black skirt that covered his upper thighs, and he was wearing pretty baby blue high heels. On top of that, Katsuki was wearing fucking eyeliner and mascara and lipgloss too. The shine of the lip gloss really accentuated his pretty, plump lips. You could also literally see the tattoo Katsuki got on his hip that says 'Tetsu's Property' which the blonde got for their first anniversary.
Fuck,  Tetsu is always hard for his pretty blonde boyfriend, but right now, with his boyfriend looking like a  fucking wholeass full course meal,  Tetsu is already painfully hard.  God, he can't wait to wreck the absolute shit out of him.
Tetsu takes a deep gulp as he walks towards his baby, big hands reaching out to hold onto his hips, fingers overlapping, "fuck,  baby, you didn't tell me you were going to dress up like this today?" Tetsu's voice is shaky as though he's trying to hold himself back (which he is).
Katsuki giggles as his fingers drift up and down Tetsu's chest, "I wanted to surprise you Daddy." the smaller replies, voice soaked in a teasing and sultry tone. It could make a grown man cry from the promise behind it.
Tetsu groans as he buries his face in Katsuki's neck, bringing the male even closer to him and grinding his hips against Katsuki's and hissing as a burst of pleasure shoots up his spine, " fuck  baby, you look so fucking  sexy ." he growls out before biting into the pale skin, Katsuki letting out a small moan at the sting of mixed pain and pleasure.
"If you're so desperate for me, then take me Daddy." Katsuki whispers into the other's ear, and Tetsu just…  snaps.
The silver haired male growls before grabbing the blonde's waist and throwing the smaller male over his shoulder and spanks his ass, the blonde moaning in surprise but definitely loving the rough treatment. Katsuki has always loved being manhandled, and it's never changed, even after 4, almost 5, years together.
Tetsu throws Katsuki on to the bed which snaps the blonde out of his thoughts and all he sees is the silver haired male looking over him with a dark glint in his eyes, "I'm going to wreck you…  babygirl ." Tetsu says lowly and Katsuki let's out a shaky moan at being called babygirl. Tetsu has never said that, but Katsuki finds it extremely erotic, maybe his boyfriend should say it more often during sex…
"Y-Yes, Daddy, please wreck me!" Katsuki whimpers and Tetsu chuckles, voice low and husky. The taller male lifts up the smaller's skirt and wolf whistles when he sees the black lacy panties, "fucking hell baby, you really went all out didn't you? God, I'm going to fuck you so hard that you'll cry and I'll see that mascara and eyeliner running down your cheeks…  fuck. " Tetsu's voice is so husky, so dominant that it makes Katsuki shiver at the promise and heat.
"Then you better fuck me hard Daddy."
"Oh, don't worry baby,  I will. " Tetsu responds, taking off Katsuki's high heels and then sliding his fingers over the lace panties, making the blonde shiver, his pussy twitching at the light but hot touch. Then Tetsu's fingers are right in front of Katsuki's vision.
"Open your mouth and  suck.  " Tetsu orders and Katsuki does as he's told, opening his mouth lewdly and Tetsu groans, "you're so fucking erotic. A natural slut, hm baby?" the taller says and Katsuki whines, "o-only for you Daddy." and Tetsu smirks, "smart response, slut." he says before shoving his fingers inside the wet but hot heat, Katsuki groaning as he sucks on long, thick fingers and making sure  each finger is sucked properly, nice and wet.
"That's it, such a good whore… using that mouth for something useful for once." Tetsu whispers as he watches the blonde suck his fingers intensely, cock twitching right as Katsuki's pussy also twitches at the slight degradation.
The silver haired male takes his fingers out of Katsuki's mouth after a few more seconds, a shit-eating smirk appearing across his face when the blonde whines out, probably missing having his mouth stuffed. "Aw, baby, did you enjoy having your mouth stuffed?" the other nods eagerly, "so cute. Such a slut for my fingers, hm?" Tetsu taunts and Katsuki chokes on a response when the taller flicks his nipples harshly.
The taller then pulls down the panties and eases a finger inside the blonde's pussy, already immensely wet from arousal, "ah, Daddy!" Katsuki moans as he throws his head back, squeezing his eyes shut when the finger brushes briefly against his prostate.
Yes, Tetsu's fingers are quite long and very skilled.
"Yeah, you like that baby?" Tetsu asks as he jabs his finger slightly at Katsuki's prostate again, the blonde arching his back immediately and whining out a moan that could be straight out of a porno. Tetsu loves it, loves how fucking sensitive his boyfriend is, and he loves the sounds that comes out of his pretty mouth too.
"T-Tetsu…" Katsuki whimpers, but the silver haired man slaps his ass harshly, surely a red mark already there.
"It's Daddy to you, baby." Tetsu snarls as he adds another finger, the smaller man whimpering as he throws his arm across his face, biting his bottom lip harshly as his free hand curls into a fist, holding onto the bed sheets.
Tetsu watches the other's face for any sign of discomfort or distress, but he doesn't see any of those signs so he slides in a third finger, stretching Katsuki's hole even more. He starts thrusting his fingers in and out now at a rough pace, the blonde's legs trying to close as if he's embarrassed about the situation their in, but Tetsu uses his other free to spread them again, slapping his thigh as a reprimand for trying to hide himself from his boyfriend.
"Babygirl, don't hide yourself from me," the taller says huskily, leaning over to press a messy kiss against Katsuki's plump lips before sliding his tongue against his bottom lip, thrusting his fingers against the older's prostate again and slipping his tongue in Katsuki's mouth quickly when he moans into Tetsu's mouth.
When Katsuki breaks the kiss after a few seconds of them sloppily kissing, Tetsu feels his cock jump when he notices that Katsuki's lip gloss has smeared slightly from the kiss. He pulls out fingers, deeming Katsuki ready to finally get his cock.
Katsuki whines, wrapping his arms around Tetsu's neck and lifting his hips up to grind erratically against Tetsu and the silver haired man groans, a hand grabbing onto blonde hair tightly.
"Tetsu… please,  please  I  need you! I need your cock inside of me!"
"Yeah? You want my cock baby? Want me to fuck you so hard you'll feel me for days? Hm baby? How does that sound? Maybe I'll leave my cum in you too, so that you can feel it dripping it out of your pretty hole the next morning. How does that sound babyboy?"
At this point, Tetsu's cock is throbbing so harshly that it almost feels like he'd cum as soon as he gets inside his boyfriend.
Katsuki nods violently, whimpering, "yes, I want that. Need it so bad, Daddy."
"Yeah? Want me to fuck you dumb baby? You'll just be my little fucktoy, only useful for my cock and nothing else." Tetsu's voice has dropped a few octaves now, and Katsuki shivers at the promise hidden in the taller's voice.
The blonde whimpers, "yes, yes please, Tetsu  please fuck me now! I need it so badly!" he begs as his hips drop back to bed, eyes turning big and wide, his signature puppy eyes with a hint of a begging glint.
How could Tetsu say no to his baby when he begs so prettily while wearing a crop top and a skirt, face adorned with eyeliner and mascara, and lip gloss slightly smeared too?
Grabbing the lube from their nightstand, Tetsu urgently opens the bottle and squirts a huge glob on his fingers before he starts lubing up his cock. His cock was large, so Tetsu needed to lube his cock generously if he didn't want to cause discomfort for Katsuki.
After a few seconds of making sure he's lubed himself up, he pulls his sweats and boxers down, hissing when his cock jumps out and cold air hits at it immediately. His cock throbs, a furious red, and precum drips from his slit. He sees Katsuki swallow, body twitching, and Tetsu smirks at him, eyes dark with desire.
"Would you like me to fuck you with the crop top and skirt?" Katsuki nods, desperate, "mm, I knew you would like that idea baby. Don't blame me if they rip though babe." Tetsu adds, and before Katsuki can say anything, he's grabbing slim hips and slamming his cock inside of his tight, wet heat, the blonde yelling at the pain and pleasure he feels.
Tetsu waits a few moments, watching his boyfriend trying to adjust to his size even if he's taken his cock too many times than he can count, before he begins thrusting harshly and fast, the sound of Tetsu's hips slapping against Katsuki's ass creating wet, sloppy sounds that has Tetsu harder than he was earlier.
Katsuki is whining and moaning, slurring Tetsu's name over and over. His legs are wrapped tightly around Tetsu's hips and his hands are fisted in his hair, pulling tightly so he can keep himself grounded as he's fucked within an inch of his life. It works, just barely though.
The blonde pulls the taller one down to kiss him, but it ends up just being Tetsu dominating the kiss as Katsuki moans into his mouth, his boyfriend licking into his mouth  everywhere .
Tetsu stops for a moment, pulling away entirely and pulling out but before Katsuki can complain about the loss of his boyfriend's cock, his legs are immediately being pushed down to his shoulders as Tetsu enters him again.
Katsuki's hands, their hold on Tetsu's hair having been loosened, are now gripping onto the bed sheets, his knuckles turning white. Tetsu starts slamming his hips into Katsuki again and this time, Katsuki feels the pleasure even more, Tetsu's cock constantly hitting against his g spot. His mouth is open wide, wails and moans leaving him.
"Mm, baby,  fuck –" Tetsu groans, hips starting to lose their rhythm as he approaches his orgasm with Katsuki, the blonde tensing around him tightly as an indication of his definite near approaching orgasm. "Come on baby, cum for me, be a good boy yeah?" the man growls out as he holds onto Katsuki's hands, both men holding each other tightly.
Tetsu starts grinding into the smaller, cock pressed directly on Katsuki's g spot, and before the blonde can even make a sound, he's cumming, back arching and mouth wide open as the pleasure overwhelms him once again. Taking his chance, Tetsu leans over his boyfriend and spits into his pretty mouth, Katsuki immediately swallowing it as though he was thirsty for it.
With the blonde squeezing around him tightly and Tetsu just grinding into him, his resolve to wait for Katsuki to cum first weakening every second, he finally relaxes himself and spills his load inside of the tight, wet heat, burying his head in Katsuki's neck and groaning, humping against his boyfriend slightly, small, oversensitive squeaks leaving the other.
They lay on the bed for a few minutes as they wait to come down from their high panting heavily as if they ran a marathon before Tetsu starts to pull out of Katsuki, the smaller man immediately whining and wrapping his legs around Tetsu again and squeezing him tightly just so his boyfriend doesn't leave him empty. It doesn't work, as the silver haired still has a lot of his strength left and pulls Katsuki's legs off of him before pulling out, cum immediately dripping out of Katsuki's hole, down over his asshole and onto the bed sheets.
Well, guess they'll be washing the sheets later.
As Tetsu goes to get a clean rag, Katsuki rests his eyes, feeling content with the orgasm he just had. He knows Tetsu won't and probably isn't sated enough though considering how turned on he is by the blonde wearing a crop top and a skirt and makeup, and that they will for sure be fucking again soon so he doesn't really know why Tetsu is even bothering. He assumes it's to do with the bedsheets, they are quite new after all.
—
And Katsuki was right about them not needing to clean up seeing as they'd probably be fucking again soon.
Because now, the blonde is pressed up against the wall, arms wrapped around Tetsu's back and his legs held tightly as Tetsu fucks slowly but deep into him.
" Ah  – Daddy,  please  , fuck  me !" Katsuki whines, burying his head into Tetsu's shoulder and rolls his hips slightly, trying to get his boyfriend more riled up than he is, but Tetsu only chuckles, kissing the blonde's forehead fondly.
"But I am fucking you baby. Just not how you want." he replies before rolling his hips into Katsuki again, this time his cock going deeper and hitting the smaller's g spot again, Katsuki letting out a small moan as he digs his nails in Tetsu's back, the skin almost breaking.
Throughout all of this, Katsuki still has a crop top and skirt on, and he doesn't really know  how . He guesses it's just because Tetsu loves him in those clothes. No surprise that the crop top has a small rip in it though, and that the skirt has a small cum stain on it too.
Katsuki moans breathily, " nngh, Tetsu…" the blonde rolls his hips again, maybe he bounces a little too, but once again, Tetsu doesn't move any faster. In fact, his thrusts become a little more shallow and more slow, his cock just barely brushing over the blonde's pleasure area.
"If you keep trying to get me to go any faster baby, I'll just slowly get slower and slower until I'm not moving anymore. And I'm guessing you wouldn't like that, right baby?" Tetsu mutters against the older's ear, thrusting against him suddenly and Katsuki let's out a surprised moan before he shakes his head, whining slightly. Tetsu huffs out a small laugh, "good boy." he says before he kisses him fondly.
Tetsu starts rolling his hips again, but he's going a little bit faster and deeper than before, and this time, his cock meets the other's g spot more and Katsuki starts feeling a lot more pleasure. His eyes tear up at the love Tetsu practically emanates and from the pleasure too. His boyfriend rarely goes slow, only ever when they have make up sex after an argument but… maybe they could have sex like this more often, making love, to be specific.
The silver haired then starts kissing at his nipple, two fingers playing with the other, and Katsuki gasps at the heightened pleasure. He's always been incredibly sensitive with his nipples, even when he doesn't feel aroused, so the slightest touch from anything will make him shiver.
Smirking at his boyfriend's reaction, Tetsu bites on his nipple softly as he flicks the other, Katsuki letting out a surprised Yelp and doing a full body shudder, hands shooting up to Tetsu's hair and pulling, the younger man hissing slightly but resuming his previous actions.
"Mm, Tetsu… so good…" Katsuki moans, throwing his head back when the other pinches his nipple harshly and then sucks harshly on the other, cock jumping in pleasure as his prostate is hit again. Tetsu doesn't say anything about the use of his name, knows that Katsuki will sometimes switch between his given name and 'Daddy' if his head is clouded.
The younger hums and grins and continues to suck on the blonde's nipple, licking around the areola and becoming more pleased with himself when Katsuki's moans start becoming more ragged, and he takes the chance to move his hand to Katsuki's clit and presses on it with his thumb softly and rolls on the nub gently, the smaller man whining as his orgasm slowly approaches, the warmth in his groin building.
Tetsu bites at his pec, definitely leaving a birthmark before he moves up to Katsuki's neck, kissing the skin delicately before he bites and sucks there too, leaving deep hickeys and bites that Katsuki will definitely yell at him later for but secretly admire. He loves leaving his marks on the blonde's body, he's possessive like that.
He flicks Katsuki's clit, wondering how the blonde will react as he's never done it to him before, and he's satisfied with the reaction he gets when Katsuki responds with a breathy moan of his name, legs tightening around the other's waist and his nails dig into Tetsu's back even more, skin breaking this time.
He starts thrusting faster, harsher and deeper now, and now he's hitting the blonde's g spot over and over, not even giving Katsuki time to gain his breath. The blonde's tears start falling now, and so does the mascara and eyeliner he had on too, and  god Tetsu has always thought that Katsuki was beautiful, but when he's crying? Especially with mascara and eyeliner running down his face too? He looks stunning, and call Tetsu a freak for thinking that, but he really does think his boyfriend looks stunning when he looks like a mess.
After a few more thrusts and some more intense, loving kisses, Katsuki cums, the blonde moaning loud and long and Tetsu cums a few seconds after, holding his boyfriend tightly as he rocks against him, drawing out his high.
They're panting harshly as they come down from the high of their orgasms, foreheads pressed together as they stare lovingly into each other's eyes, eyes full of adoration.
"I love you." Tetsu whispers and he grins in amusement when the other's cheeks become immediately red.
"I love you too." Katsuki replies, and they lean in to kiss each other softly.
—
They're in the shower now with Tetsu eating away at Katsuki's pussy.
It started off as innocent with no intention of doing anything sexual.
Tetsu was lathering up Katsuki's hair with shampoo while Katsuki was cleaning himself, and okay, maybe Tetsu pressed his front right up against the other's ass, and okay, maybe he  was  a little bit hard, but his boyfriend was naked and wet, and he should be used to that by now, but he's still a horny young adult and he has  a lot  of stamina as well.
And so Katsuki felt his hard-on  of course  and really, Tetsu expected Katsuki to just ignore it but given the fact that the older  also had the stamina like him, but then the blonde turned around eagerly and pulled Tetsu into a heated kiss, his hand coming down between them and his hand starts jerking off Tetsu's cock, making it fully hard as Tetsu groans into his mouth in pleasure.
He's about to go down on knees when Tetsu stops him.
"Let me eat you out baby. You deserve it after making yourself look so pretty for me." Tetsu says, and before Katsuki can protest he's shushing the smaller with a finger and shakes his head, Katsuki just blinking at him and Tetsu takes it as the clear to let himself move his finger, and he slowly sits down on his knees, directly in front of his boyfriend's pussy and he grips his hips to pull Katsuki directly against him.
The silver haired noses against Katsuki's folds and the blonde breaths in through his nose as his hand shoots to hold Tetsu's hair, the man preparing to feel a sore head tomorrow after all the hair pulling that has been done today.
He blows on his clit, and that along with the hot shower beating against them  everywhere  makes Katsuki moan highly and he slaps a hand against the shower wall as his legs start to shake ever so slightly and Tetsu smirks as he licks lightly against his clit.
He starts pressing his tongue more inside, Katsuki moaning shakily and pulling on his hair just slightly as he grinds against Tetsu's face  just  barely, trying to see how his boyfriend will react. He doesn't do much but grunt, pressing more harshly into his pussy and thrusting his tongue in, licking against warm, wet and tight walls, Katsuki gasping loudly but the sound of the shower  just quite overpowering the sound.
Tetsu decides to then suckle on Katsuki's clit harshly, his hands gripping his slim waist tightly to stop the blonde from trying to move away from the intense pleasure, and he decides to be a teasing bastard and hums, the blonde feeling the vibration throughout his body as he whispers a breathy "Tetsu!".
As the silver haired man kisses and licks and sucks on Katsuki's clit, he pushes a finger inside if his hole and starts to move it in and out in a repeated rhythm, loving the fact that he  knows that Katsuki is trying to keep quiet by biting his lip or having his hand pressed to his mouth, but that won't last long, not if Tetsu maxed everything up more.
And he does just that too, because why wouldn't he?
He has four fingers now up Katsuki's hole thrusting in and out at a harsh pace, g spot constantly hit and the blonde's clit is definitely starting to feel oversensitive with the way Katsuki keeps in trying to push the man away but it doesn't work, only makes Tetsu more determined to make his boyfriend overwhelmed.
He may be a bit of a sadist when it comes to Katsuki, who knows though.
"Tetsu, oh god,  fuck  –" Katsuki practically screams as he gasps and pants, chest heaving as his orgasm approaches once again and he starts rolling his hips against Tetsu's face, desperately  needing that sweet release.
And the taller gives him what he wants. He presses his fingers against Katsuki's g spot and sucks on his nub with force, but makes sure that it's not  as painful as it would usually feel. He slaps his hand against Katsuki's ass, and the blonde let's slip a whorish moan before he cums right into Tetsu's mouth, whimpering.
Tetsu chuckles with a smirk as he stands up, turning off the shower and Katsuki collapses against him, "aw, did I suck you off good sweetheart? You did so good babyboy." he whispers, and Katsuki can only whine in response, too tired to say anything.
—
A couple hours after they've had something to eat, they're back in bed again, both naked as they heatedly makeout with Tetsu inside of Katsuki again. They couldn't care less if they were being perceived as too horny or some shit, they loved each other and were just horny young adults, nothing wrong there.
"Mm… god you feel so tight around me baby, fucking love it. Could stay inside of you forever, just breeding you over and over, getting you pregnant constantly…" Tetsu says as he pulls away from the kiss, thrusting his hips suddenly and pushing Katsuki up against the bed, his face scrunching up in pleasure before he opens his eyes again.
"Yes, please Daddy, want you to breed me, want your cum again…" Katsuki replies, meeting Tetsu's thrusts as he rocks back against him, whining when Tetsu hits his g spot, " o-oh ! Right there baby, right there!" the blonde huffs, closing his eyes again and mouth dropping and Tetsu… well, he decides to just let loose.
His hips begin to thrust wildly, Katsuki's ass slapping against him and creating the wet sound that they both love. Katsuki let's out a constant stream of moans and gurgles, choking on his own spit when a particular thrust makes him arch his back. Distinctly, Tetsu can hear his name being called through the slurs of "oh God–" and "fuck me!".
He pins Katsuki's hands to the bed and looms over him before he kisses him again, swallowing down his cute, little moans, his rhythm never letting up.
At some point, probably a few minutes later, they're both approaching their orgasm together, though Tetsu doesn't expect for himself to cum first when Katsuki whispers into his ear, "so good, such a good cock,  fuck, you breed me so well baby, I love you–" and Tetsu groans loudly before he's cumming inside of Katsuki, and the blonde follows right after feeling warm liquid fill him up.
Tetsu collapses on top of Katsuki, exhausted but sated,  finally , and he smiles slightly when he feels Katsuki shakily stroke at his back.
"Mm, that was good…" he says, and Katsuki hums in agreement. Tetsu lifts his head to look at the other who is also looking back at him, eyes fond and loving, and Tetsu kisses his nose, "I love you baby."
"I love you too Tetsu."
And yeah, Tetsu is content with being Katsuki forever.
The rose petals were blossoming as Cutting Board stepped out of her apartment complex. She was tired- she had hardly gotten any sleep last night, or the night before that. Today was the third day since her breakup with Knife-san. She had been so committed to their relationship, texting him constantly, thinking about him every waking moment. Now she had to remind herself not to think about his sharp blade, his gleaming steel face. It still didn’t feel real to her.     She continued thinking about not thinking about Knife-san all of the way to the subway station. As she waited, she noticed a glint of steel from directly behind her. She glanced behind her and saw Knife-san. And standing beside him, another girl.    Her mind immediately started racing. Is she Knife-san’s girlfriend? How long had this been going on? No… Had he been seeing this new girl while they were still dating? She thought, frantically. Tears almost welled up in her eyes. No. I can’t show him how torn up I am. Besides, there’s no proof they’re dating. Guys and girls can be friends.     “Knife! Hey.” She said, actively trying not to use her pet name for him.     “Oh. Cutting Board.” He said, barely sparing her a glance.    What?! No ‘Good to see you’, no ‘How have you been’?! Did she really mean that little to him?    “Who’s this?” asked the mystery girl.    “This is Cutting Board, my ex-girlfriend.” Knife said, an ounce of venom creeping into his husky, masculine voice as he said her name.     “And Cutting Board, this is Fan, my new girlfriend.” He explained.     Ah. So it was true. He’s moved on already. Cutting Board thought, the tears she had been trying with all her might to hold in trickled to the surface.    “Well,” She sobbed,”It’s gr-great to see that you’re well.”     NO! If you cry in front of him, he’ll think you’re pitiful! He’ll think you still love him! She chastised herself.    But don’t you? The thought shook her to her core. Don’t I still love him? If I didn’t, this wouldn’t tear me up so much.    As she sat there, fighting her own psyche, the subway rolled into the station. Without saying goodbye or even looking back, Knife strolled into the train. Looking up, Cutting board managed to control herself. She stepped onto the train, her world seemingly falling apart.    After a few stops, she made it to her school, Kurinji High. Why would he even go to that stop? He knows that was where we went together every morning. She thought, stewing in anger, jealousy, and sadness. Fan is so much more beautiful than me, too. She has curves, and I’m just a rectangular plastic board.     As she walked down the path to her school, her mind racing, she failed to notice her surroundings. The ground in front of her was wet. It had rained yesterday morning, so most of the rain had dried already. However, the area in front of her is covered in almost perpetual shadow because of the placement of the trees. As she stepped on the patch of moistness, her legs slipped out from under her.    As she fell rapidly backwards toward the stone ground, a pair of sturdy, chiseled arms caught her. She hadn’t noticed that anyone else was even on the path. The arms picked her up and turned her around to face their owner. Her cheeks blazed red at his handsome green face and full lips.    Her heart pounded on her tempered plastic ribcage as he said with a kind smile,”Are you alright?”     For how much those three words made her heart flutter, he may as well have said ‘I love you.’    “Hi, my name is Pepe the Frog. Nice to meet you.” He told her casually, pulling her up onto her feet with ease.    She was still stunned, even as he walked to the school with her. On the way there, she noticed that hard though she may try, she couldn’t look away from him. She remained captivated by him until they entered the school.    “Oop, my class is this way. See you!” He said, turning right.    For a moment, she considered following him to stay under his spell a few extra minutes. Then she thought better of it. She had math in less than three minutes. She was already going to be late, and she didn’t want to make it worse.    Still though, he was dreamy. It was almost like-    Knife-san? Said that abhorrent voice in her head. It wasn’t wrong though. This whole situation was very similar to how she had met her ex-boyfriend. Out of the blue, he had shown up and swept her off her feet with his dashing good looks. And that situation hadn’t ended well. She had a different feeling about this Pepe guy, however...     The next few weeks were like a dream. She met quite a few of Pepe’s friends, and continued talking to him. They started walking with each other to classes. And, though she pretended not to care, he seemed to be single. Things continued on like this, until one day.    “Oh come on, Blender, I could never.” Cutting Board jokingly said, walking down the halls with one of Pepe’s friends.    “Did you really think we wouldn’t notice? You stick around Pepe like glue. The boys may be oblivious, but it was obvious to me and Branch.” Blender mocked.    Blender was really nice. Cutting Board had had some misgivings about Pepe’s female friends, thinking it was impossible that they wouldn’t like him, but she had been wrong! By this time, her initial infatuation with Pepe had solidified into a crush. The girls all knew and teased her about it. It was all in good fun.    “You should ask him out! Look.” She told Cutting Board, pointing to a poster on the school bulletin board. It announced, in large red letters, that there was a dance this coming Saturday.     It was true, she had heard plenty about it. Blender herself had a date, Bowl, as did a few other of Pepe’s friends. In fact, she had considered asking him to the dance, but decided she didn’t have the courage to try.    “Listen, Cutting Board, the worst thing he could say is ‘no.’”    “No, the worst thing he could say is that he had no idea that I had feelings for him and that this confession had changed his view of me, and that he didn’t want to be friends anymore because it would just be awkward.” Cutting Board stammered, the anxiety that kept her from asking him last time bubbling to the surface of her mind.    “Woah,” Blender said, grabbing one of Cutting Board’s shoulders to calm her down,”You realize how crazy you sound, right? Pepe’s a nice guy, and he wouldn’t end your friendship just because you told him you liked him. You don’t have to ask him out, just do what you feel is right for you.”    “You’re right.” Cutting Board said, sighing,”But I will ask him to that dance.”     Later that day, as classes ended, Cutting Board found Pepe in the halls. She opened her mouth, preparing herself for the worst, but before she could ask him to go to the dance with her, Pepe put his hand on the wall next to her head. Immediately, her cheeks turned beet red. Pepe took a deep breath, as though steeling himself for something.    “Will you go to the dance with me?”

I hate myself
The Master looked at Gallifrey. The whole planet was burning. He had walked amongst the streets, smirking as his people ran from him, their broken bodies littered behind him. It was funny, watching all the little toy soldiers running around, trying to protect the people, trying to stop him until they became, well, little toy soldiers. Another one ran up close, about to fire when the Master simply pressed the button on the TCE. He could start up a toy empire. He’ll watch all the little children buying their action figures, never knowing what they were playing with and putting in their mouths were corpses of fallen Gallifreyans.
He was going to make them pay. For using him. For using his best friend. For using both of them.They will all burn.
Once upon a time, Kazuha had a friend. He kept Kazuha company as they sat in the rain, listening to the wet sound of droplets plopping against tree leaves before sliding down and dripping onto Kazuha’s nose. It was cold and miserable, and his friend’s even smaller friend made her opinion on the situation very clear with loud, plaintive mewling.
At the time, Kazuha wished that he could shed the remains of his self respect and join her in the whining. The storm was loud, and the gelid trickle of water down the back of his neck was too cold to fall asleep to, anyways.
But then his friend laughed over the kitten’s crying and leaned against Kazuha’s side, propping his elbow up on Kazuha’s shoulder. It was a disrespectful way of reminding Kazuha how much taller he was, but it also helped keep the rain off his nose.
“Talk about an attitude, huh?” asked his friend, leaning his weight more heavily onto Kazuha, until Kazuha tumbled against his side and joined the kitten in being wrapped in a warm, dry scarf.
“She’s not crying anymore…” Kazuha points out.
There’s a hum and a brush of something soft against his hair, light as a breeze, and Kazuha feels himself flush with realization as his friend leans back from the kiss and smiles.
“Not who I was talking about.”
Once upon a time, Kazuha had someone who might have been more than a friend. Now, he has nobody. He clings to the shattered, smoking remnants of a raft as wet soot smears into his hands and packs under his nails as he does his best not to drown. There is nobody to keep the rain off his head, and nobody to hear the silent, miserable tension that builds in his throat.
“Wow,” says Beidou when they first meet. Kazuha is soaked, and shivering so hard that no amount of self-control can stop it as he clings to the remnants of a raft that has just been dashed to pieces against her ship. He can barely remember what he just said, but he imagines it was either completely unintelligible, or too intelligible. “I can’t wait to see what a few weeks at sea is going to do to that vocabulary of yours.”
Kazuha simply smiles at her. He knows of sailors and how they talk, and he isn’t unfamiliar in the least with the coarser aspects of language. After all, choosing one’s words is most meaningful when one knows the full range of what one is choosing from. Also, he’s out of breath from almost drowning.
Still, Beidou reaches down to grab him by the back of his clothes and drags him out of the water. He feels less like a refugee she’s graciously letting onto her ship and more like a rain-soaked kitten being rescued from the storm. Unlike a rain-soaked kitten, he drips brine and sea onto her deck.
“My apologies for the mess,” he says, throat sore and hoarse with salt.
“Hah,” she barks. “You may as well apologize for every sea breeze that sends splashes up to the deck. This is a ship, boy, it’s seen plenty of seawater.”
Kazuha shifts his shoulder, where his Vision is hiding under his scarf. She has a Vision, too—electro, hanging in proud display from a strap attached to her underbust.
He flips his scarf back to how he usually wears it, revealing the anemo Vision and dripping more water onto the ship as it slaps wetly against his back.
“I suppose apologizing for the winds would only be fair,” he says, voice dry enough to make up for his soaked state. Despite the joke, he watches her eyes as he speaks, and listens carefully to the beat of her heart.
It’s all drowned out as she laughs, raucously, and slaps him on the back.
“You’ll do fine, kid. Welcome to the Alcor.”
They sail through a storm to escape Inazuma. It’s no coincidence—the tempest is as eternal as the electro archon herself, and it is a rare captain indeed that knows how to navigate its perilous vigil over the islands. Beidou is as thunderous as the storm clouds, however, and the electro archon must have blessed her indeed, for her control over her Vision is nothing short of cataclysmic—and absolutely integral to their survival.
She redirects lightning with a practiced hand and serious face, and something inside Kazuha twists as he watches her do it—again, and again, and again.
Most of the crew makes their way under deck for the worst of it, leaving only the bare bone skeleton crew up top. They’re all experienced sailors, and fulfil their orders almost before Beidou barks them out over the sound of raging seas.
Kazuha, too, stays above deck. He sits on the prow as the waves rock them, and stares at each lightning strike as it streaks across the sky. The world smells like ozone and salt, and the sky is so dark that it’s impossible to see where it meets the horizon and turns to churning seawater. Still, each bolt of lightning sets the clouds glowing with radioactive, fluorescent power in the sky, and Kazuha can’t tear his wide eyes away.
Each multi-tongued fork of lightning strikes closer and closer as they approach the center of the storm, absolutely hypnotizing. Kazuha imagines that this is how a rabbit must feel watching a hawk approach, wings pinned and talons outstretched. He has felt this way once previously, before he found himself turned like a man possessed and ran, ran, ran. He’s still running even now—but there is a beauty to the swift, inevitable doom, in the last moments before it reaches out and sets him ablaze with the promise of rest.
His hands are cold, unfeeling, and white-knuckled around the prow as he desperately tries to keep balance. He raises them anyways, uncurling his fingers to press his palms to his own face. He wants to know what it looks like. He wants to know what his friend had looked like, when his back was turned to Kazuha.
The sky flashes once more, blinding—and something grabs the back of his haori and yanks him back. Lightning strikes the outstretched prow, and the entire jutting part of it explodes with a crackle that splinters wood into the length of his arm where he uses it to guard his face. The force at his back jerks him again, whirling him around, and Kazuha comes face-to-face with Captain Beidou.
“If you have a death wish,” she tells him, quietly grim but perfectly audible even in the chaos of the storm—like the thunder backs away, and makes room for her to speak, “then you’d better go and fulfil it on your own time. Get below deck. I don’t have time to watch out for someone so reckless when I’m defending my ship.”
Kazuha’s hands shake with the cold, and he wipes salt and singed splinters of wood from his face. Warm blood smears across his cheek, but not a lot.
He goes below deck.
Kazuha doesn’t change the bandages on his hand until Beidou catches him picking at the edge of one and points out that they’re peeling off one day. It’s fairly uncharacteristic of him—he usually values taking care of his body, as that is his first and foremost of tools, and he should no sooner let it fall into disrepair than his blade.
Still, he’s been… disregarding his sword hand. He wrapped it once, weeks ago, and the gauze is stuck to his palm with salt and sweat more than the original ties that bound it.
Beidou shoos him into a warm room below decks, which is supplied with a cot, a very well-protected area where a small fire can be tended to boil water, and extremely well-stocked medicine cabinets. There is a woman, there, that has a kitten tucked into her arms in a way that makes Kazuha’s heart hurt.
Though he recognizes her as the ship’s doctor, Kazuha does not know her name yet—while he recalls her treating him after his rescue from the ocean waters, he had been hit with an inexplicable wave of exhaustion once he’d made it below decks and to a warm cabin, and had practically passed out for more than a day, only waking up to desperately gulp down the water that had been left for him. He resolves to memorize her name once Beidou mentions it.
To his luck, the only thing she says is the woman’s name—Yinxing—and the ship’s doctor leaves without question, though her eyes trail over Kazuha on the way out. The kitten in her arms gives a tiny mewl, and she hushes it, bundling it closer as she leaves.
“I got this,” Beidou mumbles to Kazuha, and pushes him gently towards the cot. He sits as she bangs open the cabinet doors, and winces at the way she pushes aside jars and paper packages haphazardly. “Meanwhile, soak your hand in some warm water and see if you can pick the bandaging off or if it’s fused to your skin.”
Kazuha blinks in alarm, unsure if her statement is serious or joking, and does as she bids him. The boiling water doesn’t take long to cool to a bearable temperature, though he lets his Vision glow as he blows gently over it to speed it along. His mouth twists as he resists the urge to hiss a breath through his teeth when he lowers his hand into the bowl. He sustained this injury weeks ago, but it still stings—likely due to his improper care for it.
Beidou finds what she is looking for, and dumps it all on a side table that stands adjacent to the cot. She pulls up the sole stool in the room, and scoots in until one of her knees is between his and she can tug the bowl of water and his hand into her lap.
She unwinds the old strips of bandaging very, very carefully. Her hands are calloused, like a sailor’s. His have the appropriate callouses of a swordsman as well, but in addition to her claymore, the ropes of her ship have left a mark on her as well. He has started learning the craft of sailing slowly, and while his hands ache from the work, Kazuha has yet to earn his own wind-weathered palms.
When she finishes unwrapping his hand, she reveals an uneven crescent of dead-pale flesh burned into his palm, and accompanying indents along his fingers between the second and third knuckles. The damage is whitened and papery, simultaneously painful and lacking the sensation for fine touch, and the skin around it is reddened and sensitive, though there is no longer any bleeding.
“That’s going to scar,” Beidou tells him. “The marks are permanent.”
“Often,” Kazuha says, “the profound experiences we go through also leave profound marks. Sometimes I feel like there is a wound upon my spirit. It seems only fitting that it becomes manifest in some way.”
“And sometimes,” Beidou says back to him, swiping a small patch of cotton gauze with something that smells violently alcoholic soaked into it across his hand, “we take care of our wounds so that they don’t fester, kid.”
Kazuha pauses, mulling over her blunt response.
“I think the wound in my spirit is festering as well,” Kazuha admits to his stinging palm.
“There are balms for that, too, you know.”
Kazuha drags his eyes up to Beidou’s face. During his time on the Alcor, he’s learned that she’s a tough woman, but a kind and fair one. Now, she has a faint tilt to her lips, almost a smile.
He looks back down to his palm. “Yes. I… I suppose that I neglected that injury as well.”
“Join us for music night,” Beidou suggests. “The crew likes you well enough, the ones that know you. Spend some time around everyone. For better or for worse, we’re your family, now.”
Kazuha stares up at her, speechless as she thumbs a medicinal salve that smells of mist flowers and other herbs across his fingers.
“Family?” he asks.
“Crew,” she confirms, as if the two are entirely equivalent. Maybe they are. His hand aches, but the accompanying sting of disinfectant feels like healing. To the injury in his heart, her consideration feels exactly the same.
“I’m only here temporarily,” he reminds her gently.
Beidou shrugs. “Once crew, always crew. We don’t abandon our own, Kazuha, so you’re stuck with us now. If you didn’t want that, should’ve wrecked yourself against another ship.”
“No, I…” Kazuha chews on his cheek, picking over his words. He must choose them as carefully as he does those for his poems, though as happens with his poetry sometimes, the inspiration has absolutely left him.
“I’m sorry,” he settles on. “I didn’t mean it that way. I simply didn’t expect you to go so far out of your way for a wandering stranger. I already owe you my life.”
“We’re all wandering strangers, here,” Beidou tells him. “May as well be strange together.”
Kazuha’s lips quirk into a smile. “That was almost poetic, captain.”
“Ah, so you’re contagious.”
Though it takes a while, Kazuha eventually gives up on hanging his head out the porthole of the captain’s cabin where he was advising Beidou on the port politics of Inazuma, and steels himself against the clamor that has taken over the vessel before making his way up. When he finally steps above deck, he winces.
Unlike the porthole, the air is clear of salt spray this high up—but the sheer noise of what Beidou called “music night” is… “Deafening” would be a melodramatic term. Still, he can’t stop his mouth from flattening, nor his eyes from squinting as he turns his head away slightly, as if it will help.
The clamor is as discordant as it is loud. Half the sailors have appropriated instruments (or in some cases are simply keeping a beat on the nearest barrel or bannister), while the other half are singing, arguing, laughing, debating. It’s the sound of life and joy, and it is drilling a pick into Kazuha’s skull.
“Kazuha!”
He winces, and tries to smooth out his expression. Judging by the way Beidou slows from a cheerful jog to a frowning meander as she approaches him, he is not entirely successful. Kazuha has often been called difficult to read, but it is not because he hides his emotions—he prefers being candid above all, and simply finds himself internally at peace most of the time, leading to what others interpret as a neutral expression.
Now… is not like most of the time. He smiles at Beidou, and feels his mouth take the shape of a grimace.
“You okay, kid?” she asks, dropping a hand into his hair. It’s as cool as the sea breeze, and he sighs in some small amount of relief. “You look like you’re going to be seasick.”
“I don’t think I can participate in music night,” he admits.
“What?” she cries, and takes back her hand to prop it up on her hip. “Why not? I don’t want to pressure you, but Juzong went and told everyone that we were making you socialize, so…”
Kazuha isn’t entirely sure what expression his face makes, but it puts a stop to Beidou’s line of thought.
“Sorry,” she says, letting her hands down as her whole posture softens. “I really shouldn’t pressure you like that. But—here.”
She wraps an arm around his shoulder just as someone finds a particularly torturous way to mangle their flute, and Kazuha stutter-steps as he follows her along. She draws him to the other side of the ship, where the mast hides them from the rest of the crew and the sails muffle some of the noise.
Beidou leans in, speaking more quietly. “What’s wrong, Kazuha? Are you shy, or what? You seem like you could be the type, but you haven’t really seemed anxious before now…”
He shakes his head, drawing a hand up to not-quite-cover his ear. “I’m not shy. I simply… am developing a headache. As you have learned, I may hear a coming storm in the wind, or a lie in the beat of someone’s heart. I enjoy treading through nature because, much of the time, it sings together in harmony. Your sailors, however…”
“Yeah,” Beidou chuckles. “‘Harmonious’ wouldn’t be the word to describe what we’re hearing right now.”
Kazuha smiles back, wan. It is a strain to pick apart her words through the static in his ears even now, and he intuits most of what she says through context. “Not really.”
“Tell you what,” Beidou offers, squeezing his shoulder. Her arm is warm and all-encompassing against the evening chill, and he wishes that it weren’t inappropriately familiar of him to take the liberty to lean in under her cloak. “You go back below deck and nap that headache off, and if you feel back up to coming up later, I’ll make sure everyone’s actually playing in tune. We’ll even sing you a lullaby.”
“That’s not necessary, Captain Beidou.”
“Ah,” she says, “but wouldn’t it be hilarious?”
Finally, a genuine smile cracks through, and Kazuha laughs quietly.
“There’s that secretly cheeky sense of humor,” Beidou jibes. “Come on, get back below. Grab a mistflower to cool your head if you need. I’ll save you some of the last rice wine we picked up in Ritou for later and whip these sea dogs into singing shape.”
“Thanks, captain,” Kazuha murmurs, unable to stifle his smile. He takes a moment to lean back into her quasi-embrace, and then slips out from her hold to find the stairs back below deck.
Kazuha wakes to a whisper of his name in the wind. He laid down for a nap in his ill-used hammock—he usually sleeps somewhere less occupied and more quiet, so long as Yinxing doesn’t mind him occupying her infirmary—and the last rays of the setting sun are still filtering into the crew cabin through the porthole. If the sun hasn’t set, it can’t have been more than an hour since he’s laid his head down.
He opens his eyes and stills his body, breathing slowly and deeply as he strains to listen for what woke him.
It comes again: a quiet susurration in the evening breeze, but definitely one that resolves into his name. It’s suspicious. Moreso is the fact that there are no other, more obnoxious noises permeating the silence.
He slides from the hammock and lands as quietly as he can, foregoing his footwear so as to make as little noise as possible. He does not doubt Beidou’s skill as a captain of a great crew, but it would take more than a skilled captain to get so many people this quiet. Something has happened.
And Beidou whispered his name.
He creeps out of the porthole instead of taking the stairs, and holds his breath as he jumps upwards and lets the natural eddies of ocean wind soften the sound of him grabbing the ship's bannister. Thus clinging to the side of the ship, he peers over the edge.
Beidou stands facing Kazuha, the rest of her crew frozen and orderly behind her. Between her and Kazuha, a stranger stands, colt-legged and trembling and small... but with a knife gripped in her hands that she presses to the belly of Yinxing’s cat.
“—seriously going to threaten a cat?” Beidou finishes asking, hands on her hips.
“It’s a cat that you clearly care about,” comes the tremulous reply, “or you wouldn’t all be standing so still over there, so—so it’s worth more to you than a little bit of stupid wine.”
“It’s more than a little bit,” Beidou mutters, eyes moving over Kazuha smoothly and giving no indication that she sees him, “since you’ve managed to fit your entire self into the barrel for the week we’ve been at sea.”
The cat mewls pathetically, tail curling under her back legs as the hand holding her scruff trembles. Kazuha hops the railing and steps forward carefully, familiar enough with this part of the ship to avoid anything that is likely to creak or shift.
“I just wanted to get out of Inazuma!” the stowaway cries. “I didn’t realize you were such drunkards that you’d finish all the wine! Aren’t you supposed to be a trading ship?!”
Beidou blinks slowly, and Kazuha raises his blade.
“Actually,” Beidou says, “we’re pirates.”
Kazuha knocks the girl out.
As careful as he is, the hilt of his sword makes a nasty sound against the stowaway’s skull, and he catches her as she keels over to the side. His socks don’t make for the best purchase against the ship deck now that he’s got living, breathing, and very limp person slumped against him, and he staggers backwards until Beidou leaps over Yinxing’s escaping cat and catches him by the scarf right before he tips overboard.
“Careful,” she tells him with a grin. “I wouldn’t wanna have to fish you out of the drink a second time.”
“As I heard it,” Kazuha replies dryly, “there is no drink left.”
Beidou guffaws, before crouching to pick up the unconscious girl in her arms. The motion makes the stowaway groan, and when her head tips to the side, there’s a trickle of blood where Kazuha hit her. He frowns.
“She’s going to need medical attention,” he informs Beidou neutrally.
“Yeah, yeah,” Beidou admits. “Better let me do it, though. I don’t think Yinxing is feeling very kindly about this one right now.”
Kazuha nods, and follows Beidou as she heads downstairs. Before he disappears downwards, he catches sight of Yinxing. She’s clutching her cat, and smiles tearfully at Kazuha in thanks. He smiles back, off-balance, and ducks his head.
He’s never been the type to do much saving, preferring mostly to avoid causing any distress but otherwise staying out of people’s ways, but there’s something painfully familiar about the love she shows for a simple stray she found.
Kazuha retrieves his shoes, and heads to the infirmary. Beidou has laid the injured stowaway onto Kazuha’s usual cot (the only cot in the infirmary, actually), and has the same antiseptic she used for Kazuha’s hand out, dabbing at the girl’s head.
Kazuha hovers in the doorway, something alien and anxious writhing in the pit of his stomach. The stowaway looks very small, like this, and underfed. He can see the knobs of her knees and ankles.
“You are being very kind to someone who threatened your crew,” he finally says.
“You’re very quick to call that cat crew when you didn’t even think of yourself that way until recently,” she shoots back, “but you’re right. She was just scared. I bet she didn’t realize we fished you out of the ocean, or she’d have come out of hiding sooner.”
“You’re letting her stay?”
“What, are you suggesting I dump her into the ocean?” Beidou asks. Kazuha shakes his head, feeling chastised, and sits at the foot of the bed.
“I’m simply trying to wrap my head around things,” he says, fiddling with the edge of a clean bandage on his wrist.
Beidou pauses in her work to eyeball him for a moment. Kazuha isn’t sure what she finds, but there is clearly something, because she drops the antiseptic bottle onto the table and reaches out to pull him against her side.
“Wrap your head around this, kid,” she tells him. “I counted on you up there just now, and you did great. I didn’t explain anything to you, didn’t let you know if you were getting into a cat rescue mission or a fight to the death, and you still went. I bet you didn’t even think about it.”
Kazuha blinks into her shoulder. He hadn’t thought about it at all.
“There are bonds that are made through shared suffering and shared hard work,” Beidou continues. “And once you’ve made enough, it’s easy to recognize someone in need. This girl here’s running, probably for reasons that are pretty similar to why you’re running. Look, she’s got lightning-scarring on her hands.”
Kazuha looks. His eyes burn, and so does the cold metal of the dead Vision tucked against his breast.
“So yes,” Beidou says, “I’m letting her stay. And if you ever need me to reassure you about that—or anything else—you just come and let me know, okay? I’m the captain of the Alcor. It’s my job to take care of my crew, and that includes the kind of care that your spirit needs after whatever happened to you in Inazuma.”
Kazuha doesn’t know what to say. His words run dry. His eyes, embarrassingly, don’t, and he tucks his wrist against his face to scrub away at the tears pricking at the corners of his eyes.
Beidou doesn’t laugh at him. She just ruffles a hand through his hair, and lets him lean against her shoulder as she goes back to tending to the stowaway’s head wound.
Once upon a time, Kazuha had a friend. He lost him, but grief is a curious thing. In following it, he realizes he has found a family.
It's late in the evening, but there is still one figure rehearsing in a studio in the Jimusho. He's obsessively rehearsing a dance he already knows, but just can't stop. Rehearsing the dance, repeating the movements again and again, but still unable to get the images and thoughts out of his head. In fact, it seems that his rehearsal is only making them stronger however he wants to block them out of his mind.
He keeps remembering the photoshoot earlier that day and Takizawa-kun's "brilliant" suggestion that they do a shirtless shoot, just because that's what the fans like, don't they. Yeah, right, like that was his only reason for it...
He remembers how it was slightly embarrassing at first, but when the cameras started flashing he forgot all about it, and did his job, just like he'd done a thousand times before. Still, while posing, he couldn't help noticing the younger boy who was almost in Tackey's lap and was leaning against his chest.. He was looking a bit sullen for some reason, but Tackey was smiling brightly enough for all three of them.
He knows that it's hopeless. Even though he and Tackey have been best friends for a long time now, sometimes he does resent the easy outgoing personality of the other boy, since most of the time it puts him in his shadow. He is the "dancing king" and he knows that everyone suspects that he and Tackey might have something more going on, but nobody suspects the truth. Except maybe Tackey, and only because he knows Tsubasa so well.
Still, he had to suggest that they do that photoshoot. He had been able to appear calm while there, but afterwards... He does the form one more time.
Suddenly he falls down, gasping for breath, trying to keep the sobs that are threatening him from breaking out. Oh god, why is he feeling this way! He knows it's hopeless, but he can't help it. His feelings will never have any response.
Suddenly he hears a hesitant voice saying his name. "Imai-kun? Takizawa-kun sent me here, he said -" And that finally breaks him down and he can't hold the tears back anymore. The younger boy's steps get closer and he asks worriedly, "Are you.. Are you alright, Imai-san?"
"Yes... No, I... It's.." And he lifts his tear-filled eyes to the younger boy, his eyes showing all the suppressed feelings he has kept hidden so long. Tsubasa half-lifts his hand towards the younger boy, but then lets it fall, hiding his face again.
Suddenly he feels the younger boy's arm on his shoulder and then he is in Yamapi's arms who is comforting him, trying to say that everything will be alright. That only makes him cry harder, but then he feels Yamapi's hand caressing his hair and hears his voice murmuring at him like he was a small child.
He blindly turns towards the younger boy and one of the caresses lands on his cheek. He can't help himself anymore and grabs the boy's head and kisses him with all the passion and desperation he has hid thus far. There is a brief look of surprise in Yamapi's eyes, but then he starts returning the kiss.
But after a moment Tsubasa yanks his mouth off and starts babbling about how sorry he is for everything that just happened, thinking he will die of embarrassment if the younger boy ever suspects the truth. But in the middle of his babbling, Yamapi leans towards him and takes his head between his hands, and looking straight into his eyes, says very seriously: "If I had known you felt this way... I, I, well, Tackey knows I've always admired..."
Tsubasa starts to feel a small bit of wonder and even a hint of hope creeping into his mind. "He always teased me about it, ever since he noticed it, but I just... You seemed so unreachable and I always thought that you and Tackey..." the younger boy continued. And then he kissed Tsubasa again.
Christmas parties are not, and will never be, George’s thing.
He’s never been an outgoing person by nature, actually, but pretty much in his first week of university he was swept up by Sapnap and Dream -- who, to his great luck and greater misfortune, are the biggest pair of extroverts he’s ever had the misfortune to meet. Two years later, he’s still dragged out to every half-assed party and every bar they ever choose to go to -- tonight he doesn’t even know who’s oversized house he’s winded up in.
But it’s almost Christmas, and so in traditional Christmas spirit, his friends have decided that the best thing for him is to be a little social. In Sapnap’s words, stop moping around on the carpet.
George doesn’t really think moping around on the carpet is the worst way to spend an evening, especially not when the alternative is being forcibly shoved into your friend’s obnoxiously loud car and driven to a house he’ll get lost in within the hour. Given he’d had a choice, he would full well be drinking eggnog alone in the comfort of his own home on this crisp December evening. Of course, because Sapnap is a persuasive little bitch (“the eggnog is better there anyways, you dumbass”), he hasn’t been given one.
It’s barely been an hour since Sapnap drove him here, and he’s already been virtually abandoned for some boy named Karl he’s never heard of in his life. The music is loud and the people are louder, and George recognizes exactly none of them. He also hasn’t run into Dream once in the fifty or so minutes since he arrived.
Normally, Dream is social enough that George is forced to cling onto him in order to have a chance at surviving through an entire party, but always manages to stick by him regardless. But since Sapnap had brought him a little later than originally intended, Dream had practically already disappeared into the throngs of people by the time George walked through the stranger’s front door.
So, in short, he’s been ditched. It could certainly be a lot worse than it is right now, but it most certainly could be better.
George finds himself a spot in the corner and plans to spend the next few hours on his phone until Sapnap finally remembers to come get him, or until he gets bored and ends up going home. No doubt he might find himself interested in a girl if he looks around long enough, but there will be other girls to run into, anyways.
The minutes tick slowly by, and he’s contemplating just up-and-leaving -- he’s sure Sapnap’s car wouldn’t be that hard to steal or even to drive -- when, out of the corner of his eye, he spots a familiar face.
At first he almost does a double take because it doesn’t look familiar and he swears if it was then he wouldn’t be reacting as if the entire room just tilted sideways. But then the not-so-stranger turns from whatever conversation he’s having with a group George actually doesn’t recognize, his eyes crinkled into half-moons and a smile to light up whole buildings splitting his face joyfully, and George knows immediately who it is, even in the terrible lighting.
Because he would recognize Dream from a mile away, and today, under the glow of the Christmas lights strung poorly around the ceiling, Dream is positively glowing.
It surprises George just how good he looks. Not that it means anything to him, but he definitely notices it, because Dream’s hair is parted slightly differently, fluffy enough to run your hands through, and his expression is nothing short of joyful, and the jacket he wears falls over his shoulders just casually enough that it looks like he’s barely even trying.
He is trying, definitely, because George knows what Dream looks like in his spare time, and it’s definitely not this. But he looks odd tonight, the good kind of odd, and George… can’t look away.
(Now. He’s straight, Dream is a guy, so is he; they’re also best friends. His staring is nothing short of absolutely platonic, and perhaps that’s why, a good few yards away from his so-called best friend and barely even drunk, George decides looking away simply isn’t necessary.)
Until one of the guys in Dream’s circle, whoever he happens to be, points over his shoulder in George’s sort of direction, and immediately he lets his eyes fall to the ground. It’s far too late to take it back, though, because Dream’s first response is to turn, wave at him, and ditch his group of curious followers at once.
George half freezes-up just watching him walk in his direction, purely for the reason that Dream looks oddly intimidating even from the best-friend perspective. His coat falls half-off his shoulders and his jeans are ripped in the way that exposes a little too much of his legs, and he’s effortless in a way that George can only dream of being as he walks toward him with a smile.
“George! I haven’t seen you all night, where’ve you been?”
“I’ve been here,” he answers at once, standing up from where he’s leant against the wall because Dream is tall and he’s, well, not, “just not doing anything. You could’ve come looking for me, you know.”
Dream sighs in the overly-dramatic way he always does when he’s trying to make himself look innocent. “I got busy,” he says, not quite complaining but certainly with an edge of irritation, “I would’ve come to see you if I could, but everyone wanted to talk to me and I-- ugh.”
“Yeah?” George quirks an eyebrow. “What’s stopping you from leaving them?”
“My--” He hesitates for a second, and George can see that his eyes are just a tiny bit glassy, frozen-over like ice on water. “Elite social status,” Dream finishes, “yeah, that.”
“...Uh-huh.”
“Hey, hey, hey.” Dream makes a face at him, his cheeks reddening just a little. “Don’t even go there! It’s better than yours.”
“Whatever,” George yawns. “Not important. Are you gonna take me home, or no?”
“Take you.. home?”
His eyes are bleary and confused, and George finds himself just a little worried for his overexcitable best friend, because how can he not be the overprotective elder in the relationship? “Yeah,” he says slowly. “I’m bored, Dream, and Sapnap certainly isn’t going anywhere.”
Dream is already looking around at the surrounding crowd, observing the rows and spaces between each person in search of an easy path to the exit. “I’m not--” he starts, his voice catching at the edge of his throat. “I’ve had a little too much to drink for that to be safe, Georgie.”
George blinks. Right. “Oh,” he says dumbly, “yeah.”
“You seriously haven’t had anything?” Dream grins, sweeping a clammy hand through his hair. George is reminded once again of how damn fluffy it looks right now; just like his was before he trimmed it a couple months ago, but longer and with more volume and a good deal more taken-care-of than he’s ever bothered to do.
He finds himself wondering how soft it would be to touch, before catching himself.
“Of course I haven’t, loser,” he teases. “You’re forgetting who you’re talking to.”
Dream squints at him. “O-- okay. We’re not leaving, by the way.”
“No?”
“No.”
They stare at each other for another clouded moment, and suddenly Dream’s grabbing his hand, dragging him through the living room and out into the hallway, and George finds himself unable to protest.
As they walk, he becomes dimly aware that they’re holding hands. Dream’s hand is warmer than usual, warm enough that it’s almost a little uncomfortable to hold, and yet George can’t find it in himself to shake the blond off or even loosen his grip. It’s not really that bad after all, is all the reasoning he can find.
They lead themselves out into a tiny hallway, which, much to George’s relief, is isolated. For a minute they stand there, doing nothing but breathe. Dream’s fingers are still locked firmly into George’s and for a moment, George wonders why he hasn’t let go when they’re not even walking anymore. There’s something almost intimate about it, even though the atmosphere has barely changed. Something George can’t place.
And yet, he doesn’t let go. It’s not really that bad, after all. Friends hold hands.
Dream looks at him with a sort of half-smile. He’s slightly drunk, George can tell, but it’s barely enough to change the way they look at each other. At least, it shouldn’t.
“What ‘re we doing?” he asks after a moment, his eyes still right on George’s, as if he fully expects George to know. (He doesn’t.)
“Uhh, can we just go somewhere quiet?” George suggests. That’s what he would do if he was alone, after all -- surely it makes sense. Surely. God, he’s overthinking for absolutely no reason. It’s cold in this hallway.
“George,” Dream says quietly, “Georgie.”
“Yeah?”
“You okay?”
Dream’s expression is softer, more gentle, more knowing, when George meets his eyes next. His eyes are muddled, darker than usual but just as concerned as they would be in any other scenario. Perhaps subconsciously, he squeezes George’s hand, locking their fingers tighter together, and George swallows the feeling that arises in his throat as it happens.
It doesn’t mean anything. He’s probably just tired, and--
“I’m alright,” he assures his worried-looking friend, “probably just tired.”
--why worry about a little lack of sleep?
Fortunately, Dream is just out of it enough to not pay the thought any more mind, so he takes George by the arm once more and leads him, a leader at the worst of times like he always is, right down the tinsel-strung hallway.
The next room they reach is certainly quiet, almost too quiet -- George can practically hear the rustle of creatures stilling as they open and shut the door. Nobody seems to have walked down here; it’s a smaller part of what appears to be the basement, not that George is claiming to know this house particularly well.
Still, he’d like to think it’s a nice room. If the soft glow emanating from the fireplace and the Christmas tree in the corner are anything at all to go by, he can admire the subtle beauty painted into the textured walls. His shoes dig into the carpet as Dream leads him.
They walk another few paces, but just as the doorway seems to be getting closer, Dream draws them to a sudden halt.
It happens a little too fast to prepare for -- Dream’s eyes dart to the ceiling, and George follows his gaze as naturally as breathing, and quite suddenly above him hangs the recipe for his own demise; leaves sprouting on twigs, shining emerald in the light, white berries nestled in the enter.
He blinks, thinks of nothing at all, and then, without meaning to, stops breathing.
Mistletoe.
“Oh,” Dream murmurs. It’s the first word he’s said in a while and George feels his chest do a flip because of it. “Look at that.”
And George definitely looks. He probably burns holes into the leaves with the intensity of his gaze because he absolutely cannot look at Dream.
And it’s stupid, really, the dumbest thing in the world, for him to be getting so worked up about the prospect of what happens next, because he shouldn’t -- doesn’t, he corrects himself firmly -- like Dream like that. A tiny kiss on the lips, regardless of circumstance, shouldn’t change this simple fact.
“You know,” Dream continues in a low voice, “what they say about mistletoe, don’t you?”
George swallows, hard, and contemplates his answers. Dream isn’t exactly sober right now; it’s probably sending his train of thought astray, and he doesn’t want to be the one to pull it off-course, especially with something like this.
It’s not as if he would care, or try to deny it happening, if it did -- but it won’t. It won’t, so he pushes the thought aside.
“Dream,” George laughs nervously, “we, uh-- we don’t have to follow the mistletoe rules, do we? C’mon, let’s just--”
Dream’s hand slips out of his own, and brushes against his side, and George goes almost numb.
He’s had the longest night of his life in a while already, and he’s just about ready to go home -- and it’s easy to blame it on that, rather than on Dream’s fingers at his waist, lingering gently at the edge of his shirt. It’s almost gratifying to have something to blame it on in the first place.
But the numbing feeling is there, almost comforting, almost scary.
“It’s a party, Georgie,” Dream says, still achingly quiet. “What’s a party without a bit of fun?”
George hesitates. “I don’t,” he says, “I mean, I dunno how I’d feel about-- kissing you.”
In all honesty, it probably wouldn’t even be that bad.
But there are things that stop him. Things like… god, what’s stopping him? Himself? His sexuality? The paper-thin air in his lungs?
That’s good enough, right?
“That’s not the problem, I guess,” he fumbles, knowing all too well that he’s grasping at straws with each word he trips over. “I mean, kind of, it’s more just that I don’t think I’d do a very good job. You know.”
“Yeah, we--” Dream’s face falls just a little. “We don’t have to, of course.”
God, they’re going in circles. George is the one who has to steer them in a line.
“I guess I could learn,” he mumbles, “but I’m not good, so-- yeah, you probably don’t want to deal with that.”
But he’s not sure why the prospect of kissing his best friend even sounds like a good idea in the first place.
And it’s not like George is a particularly good kisser, either, as he’s just explained himself. Not like Dream -- practiced, over-the-top Dream who likes parties and probably knows the taste of vodka off by heart, and probably makes out with anyone he crashes into when he’s about to black out. Because after all, no matter how many times his friends drag him into the crowds of drunken frat boys and sorority girls who act much tougher than they are in front of their friends, all George can say at the end of the night is that he’s just not like that.
Not like Dream, his budding best friend and enthusiastic partygoer since he was old enough to drive and maybe a bit before; George’s bet is on seventeen. And not like Sapnap, or Karl, or any of the other people he sits next to in lectures. (It makes him sound like a special little better-than-you kid who’s a bore to be around if he says it out loud, but it’s more or less just the truth.)
Which is why he shouldn’t be here. He really, really shouldn’t be here, especially not with Dream, of all people. His best friend, of all people.
They’re touching, he notices; while their conversation has lead them to a dead end, Dream’s hands have secured themselves over his waist.
They don’t normally touch, beyond the absent brush of knuckles or Dream’s arms around George’s back. or the odd time where George falls asleep on Dream’s shoulder during movie nights -- but that’s different to this. Why is his heart in his throat? Why?
Dream has never put his hands there before. Can he feel the tension in George’s stomach through his sweaty palms? His heartbeat, even from here?
“You’ve never kissed a boy before?” Dream asks, and his face does the thing where he’s trying to work out if George is lying or if he’s under the influence, and George has to wrench his heart out of his throat in order to tell him the truth.
Dream would never forgive him if he chalked himself up to be a good kisser, and he’s pretty sure he’d be able to tell if George is lying anyways. Friendship means something, even the drunk kind, so he settles on the truth; “Dream,” he grins, “I’m straight. Remember?”
“Okay, duh, right-- well what about a girl? Anyone else?”
Dream’s eyebrows furrow; George would have thought Dream knew of his absolute-loser status by this point, but he looks just as surprised as anyone would be. “No? Really?”
“No, I--” George cringes at himself as he remembers something he’d rather not. What Dream doesn’t know won’t kill him. “Maybe once. It was truth or dare. She hated me anyways.” He says it regardless.
“Ah,” he says. He doesn’t sound as drunk as he looks, come to think of it. Does alcohol wear off quickly? George’s mind races. “Well. That’s certainly interesting.”
He’s talking like they’re strangers. From this close, George can see every freckle smattered over the bridge of his nose, the way they’re lighter on his cheeks, and it doesn’t feel like they’re strangers at all. Perhaps to get to know someone from a newer, closer angle is to meet them for the second time, but he would’ve thought that Dream would recognize him all the same.
“You really don’t know how to kiss,” Dream murmurs, his pupils reflecting the shallow lights dancing behind them.
Is he imagining the thickness in the air right now? “No, Dream, I haven’t, so you can stop asking me.”
The silence remains quieter than ever. George can hear himself take a gulp of breath, and not let it out.
He waits. His breath feels like it’s being held for him, and he couldn’t even force it out if he tried to.
“I’ll show you how,” the blond says, low, almost like he’s not sure of the words himself. And then, again. More sure. “I can show you, George, if you want me to.”
The last drop of confidence slips through George’s fingers like water, and no matter how badly he wants to hold onto it, he can’t. The words come out all jumbled and wrong and he wonders if he’s drunk after all or just terrible at talking about these things, but he still manages to slot his tongue over them in the right way and avoid making the sentence a gurgling mess in his throat.
Dream, his best friend, his platonic best friend, teaching George, whose heterosexuality is clear-as-day, how to kiss. In a platonic, helpful, better-now-than-never way. Not in the… the other way. Obviously it’s not for anything, but the-- god, it’s so fucking hot in here, isn’t it?
George bites his lip. He couldn’t say no if he wanted to.
So he doesn’t. “Sure,” he tries. “Teach me.”
Dream’s thumb settles right beneath his chin, and he tilts it up. When George meets his eyes, he isn’t sure if they’re meant to be that bright.
Heavy-lidded and slow, Dream leans down until their breaths mingle, just a couple inches closer to George’s face -- a home base for whatever he’s about to do next. George can barely swallow, barely even breathe. If practice is this exhilarating and they haven’t even kissed yet, surely the real thing must be so much better?
“Alright,” Dream says softly, “we’re gonna start slow. I’m gonna lead, and you’re gonna follow me. Try to keep your lips parted, a little bit. Okay?”
George blinks. Fuck. This is going to kill him. “Okay,” he says.
“Good,” his best friend murmurs. “Try not to move too much, George. Just stay still for me.”
He wonders if that means I’ve got you or if it just means stay still, because Dream likes to say things for no reason and he’s not very good at deciphering it. George barely has time to wonder, though, because Dream barely spares a second before kissing him, cupping his face gently between two palms and guiding their lips together in a gentle, intoxicating way, holding and holding like he knows how badly George is looking to be held in return, meeting him right in the middle of paradise--
Hold up. No, wait. Wait.
Dream is kissing him.
Fuck, that’s not supposed to feel that good. He’s not supposed to want that. Is Dream really that good of a kisser that he’s dragging George’s emotions right out of his throat, or is it--
“Ew, you just--” Dream pulls his head back with a painful jerk. “Keep-- keep your saliva to yourself, George. Weirdo.”
“Sorry!” He almost pulls back himself, but opts instead to swallow -- apparently saliva isn’t very attractive -- and winds up swallowing the uncomfortable tightness that seems to be rising in his throat as well. “Um, do you want to--” try again?
Dream’s smile is light. He doesn’t, thankfully, seem fazed. “Sure, okay. Come here.”
Once again, their exhales mingle. Once again, George’s heart leaps into his throat. Once again, Dream’s fingers slide from their loose place against his waist to cup his cheeks. Once again, every bit of breath that George might have had in his lungs seem to diffuse into something desperate before it reaches the base of his chest.
He lets his eyes close, and then Dream is kissing him like he means it even though he doesn’t; he leads, obviously, George is more of a follower in terms of just about everything when it comes to him. At first it doesn’t taste of anything much, and then it’s warm, warm where Dream touches his face and warm where his lips part in a soft sort of demand, warm where George tilts his head in and doesn’t (and he knows this makes him stupid) pull away. And it only gets warmer, brighter, kindles into something of a fire, the good kind that caresses your skin in ever-glowing, flickering flames.
Dream tastes faintly of a drink George doesn’t recognize and pine trees and honey, and George knows he’s inexperienced but he almost fears what he would do with Dream if he wasn’t -- it’s just something about the way the blond shifts to kiss him deeper, encourages his lips apart so he can force gentle entry into his mouth with his tongue. Fuck, is this his first kiss? Why is it lasting this long? Why does it feel this good?
George is only vaguely aware of the small, desperate noise that slips from his mouth, pathetic in how close it sounds to a whimper, as Dream chases all the breath out of his lungs with kisses that burn like fire. He doesn’t know how long they kiss, but it’s long enough that it feels more natural than not kissing, long enough that the short gasps in between intimate moments are beginning to blur into the hazed-out background.
“I,” George starts breathlessly as he forces their lips apart, almost falling backwards with the sheer weight that’s beginning to sink into his chest and barely having the mind to care, “Dream, you-- you’re--”
Dream is breathing just as hard as he is, and his eyes are swimming with something George can’t make himself recognize. His lips are bitten red. “George,” he breathes -- so, so quiet and so, so perfect, and George can’t remember feeling like this for a girl in his life before. “Something you have to say?”
A million things he thought he’d never say, and this.
“Kiss me again-- please.”
Dream obliges with his cheeks burning red, and George thinks he might see stars.
-
He doesn’t remember what happens next.
Or maybe George just chooses not to remind himself, not with the way they stumble into the Uber and Dream’s hands are all over him the whole way back to George’s tiny apartment and when they get to the door their eyes meet with something burning, something enough to tear houses down and light the wreckage aflame. It’s reasonable, he thinks, to not remind himself of something that makes his throat feel like it’s closing up. It’s reasonable not to want to kiss your best friend after you’re certain you’re straight, you’ve never had feelings for him like that, and for the only emotion afterwards to be pure disgust.
And yet here he is.
Throat still closing up, Dream on his sofa watching some random movie and making himself at home, George feeling awfully sober with his elbows resting on the coffee table.
The taste of pine trees and honey finds a home in the hollow pit of his stomach and writhes there until he’s addled by it, head aching, his mind a film reel of the last couple hours. Invisible handprints stamp his skin like paint, glowing in gold where Dream is no longer touching him.
Where once, he did. As friends… don’t do.
Not like that.
“Georgie,” Dream mumbles, his head tilting back against the couch cushions, “aren’t you uncomfortable down there?”
“I’m fine,” he says tensely.
“Do you wanna come sit here? I can make room, you know--”
“I’m fine,” George says again, hoping he doesn’t snap it because he can’t, and if he looks at Dream he’ll start wanting him again and he can’t do that because friends don’t want each other.
“Oh,” he hears from behind him. “O-okay.”
The guilt doesn’t set in until George buries his face in his hands and hears how shaky his breath has become. Tonight wasn’t supposed to be like this.
Five minutes pass. Ten.
Dream places his hand on George’s shoulder.
“I won’t do anything if you don’t want, I promise,” he says, “I’d never-- want to make you uncomfortable, or anything like that.”
It’s not that, he wants to say, it’s that I might do something first.
But he looks up at Dream, his best friend in the world even after tonight, and if the look in his eyes is anything to go by, it’s that George can trust him.
So he nods.
The couch is certainly much more comfortable than the floor, even with the inch that smarts and aches between George and Dream. Despite this, George can’t focus on the movie, can’t keep his eyes in one place, can’t even seem to time his blinking correctly.
It all piles up. Dream is his best friend.
He repeats it over and over and over. That’s all.
“Dream,” George murmurs, “we’re friends, right?”
Say it. Tell me that’s all we are.
For a moment Dream chooses not to respond. His hand passes briefly over George’s own, fingers loose against his palm, before he realises and pulls away. The touch is fleeting; George almost misses it as he lets it go.
“Yes,” he says at last. “Of course we are.”
“Right,” George says. Because they are friends, and it’s really quite simple.
There is nothing to indicate that they shouldn’t be.
“Do friends-- do that?” he asks, more to himself, after that.
Dream does not laugh, or snark at him, or do any of the things George expects him to do. He simply bites his lip and keeps burning holes into the TV, his eyes a colour without a name to put to it.
“Friends don’t have to-- to mean all the things they do,” Dream says, after a while. “It’s okay if you didn’t mean it.”
George bites back a thread of things he’ll definitely regret saying later, and nods. He nods because he doesn’t know what else to do with this mess that has become his head. He nods because it’s the universal language that agrees with people.
If he needs to, he can play it off as a tilt of the head. Say he never agreed to be just friends with Dream in the first place, not from the first handshake, first sleepover -- now first kiss, if we’re piling them up.
And if he needs to, he can say he nodded, and Dream just didn’t see it. Friendzone himself, sway back over the precipice. Maybe cry a little in the bathroom. (It’s nobody’s problem but his own, if he does, if the mirror is starting to find him familiar.)
Anything, as long as George keeps his mouth shut. So he does not speak.
For better or for worse, Dream lets it slide.
It’s okay if you didn’t mean it.
Because he didn’t, right?
George stands up quite suddenly, his shoulders tenser than he’d like. With a shaky exhale he hopes Dream doesn’t catch, he turns on his heel and walks away.
“What’re you--”
“I think I should go to bed, Dream,” he starts, and stops.
When he turns and sees the look on Dream’s face, quiet and sad and terribly worried, he can’t find it in himself to even walk up the stairs. His heart skips uncontrollably as Dream rises to his feet.
For a moment, neither of them move. George is the one to step forward and bring them close once more, close enough that they’re looking up and down at one another -- George tilts his chin up just enough to look into Dream’s eyes.
They don’t speak. Not for a minute.
“Did you mean it?” George whispers, well aware that his hands are reaching for something more than empty space where they rest at his sides. “You meant it, didn’t you?”
Never in a million years would he have expected to be here tonight, but the air in his lungs feels hotter and heavier than ever, and George is a reckless man on a wild impulse.
His arms pressing back against the couch, Dream looks just barely surprised by the words that linger -- still hanging uncertainly with no answer inside -- between them.
Dream’s arm slips out to grab his waist, pull him in, catch him before he falls. Their chests press flush together, and there’s a moment where George can almost see the stars dancing in his eyes before he stands up on his toes and kisses him, and closes the gap once and for all. Again, because he’s an idiot with no self-control who’s a little more in love with his friend than he ever thought he would be.
He can’t see anything, but Dream’s lips are on his and he can feel absolutely everything.
It’s slow and languid at first, but George quickly becomes accustomed to the slide of warm hands against his waist, the pressure of Dream’s mouth against his own, and he tilts his head further, parts his lips to invite Dream deeper. They stumble back against the couch, frantic and desperate and wanting, and Dream pulls him backwards, separating their mouths just for a moment and tugging them both down.
George is on top of him in another moment. Dream’s fingers slip clumsily over the curve of his hips and slide lower, lower, reaching and touching and holding as if to take claim. George’s legs part slightly as he slides down against Dream’s lap, arms curling up around his shoulders. The flavour of alcohol is fainter now, replaced with something warmer and sweeter and much, much more deadly, and George can barely breathe but he drinks it in anyways.
“Fuck,” Dream whispers, and god, George can’t take this, can’t stand another moment without Dream’s hands sliding messily under his shirt and climbing higher; he’s unravelling and he’s pathetic and he’s never felt this way and Dream is his best friend.
“Dream,” he gasps, practically melting into his arms, “I don’t think-- friends-- are like this.”
He struggles to even get the words out. Fuck, he needs Dream in all the ways he can have him.
“I don’t want you like a friend,” Dream forces out, his fingers digging into the waistband of George’s jeans. “I never have, god, you have no idea.”
The confession feels surreal, especially gasped between kisses, but after everything that’s happened tonight it may as well be just another thing Dream says to take George apart. And it works -- his heart slams into his ribcage, and he swears it cracks under the weight of the feelings leaking into his chest.
He’s never thought of Dream as someone he had a chance with, but looking back-- maybe all the staying-up-thinking-of-him and the reckless racing of his heartbeat and everyone in the world thinking they were already together, meant something after all.
Not that he jumped into this planning to have a sexuality crisis over his best friend in the world, but he’s always been a little weak to Dream anyways.
“Why--” George dips back in and kisses him again, again, again. Dream’s lips trace the side of his jaw, down the edges of his neck, back up to his mouth once more. “Why d-didn’t you say something?”
His voice stumbles over itself. Fresh intoxication sends him right over the edge of his own desire, suddenly too explosive to keep compacted, and a soft whine forces itself from his throat. Pathetic.
Dream doesn’t respond, too busy trailing kisses all over his cheeks. George can feel his face burning, and he wonders if Dream can too, if he can tell he turns George into a mess, if he knows the power he has right now.
Despite the puddle he’s turning into with Dream all over him, he still manages to maintain his composure as, slowly, Dream’s lips press into his neck, just beneath his jawline, and remain attached to him in some silent wish to lay claim over every inch of his skin.
George keeps still, doesn’t whimper or make noise even though there are a million things he’d like to say, because he wants this more than anything in the world. If he could pull away and restart this entire night, he thinks, he doesn’t know what he would do.
“You’re all I’ve ever wanted,” Dream muffles into his neck, and George can’t speak, can’t breathe, can’t take the red-hot feeling of wanting more inside his chest for a moment longer. “I’m-- I’m sorry it had to come out like this.”
George looks down at him, the one person who knows him from start to end without question, the one person who can touch him like this and set his brain on fire, and wonders why he’s so fucking stupid.
“I’m such an idiot,” he whispers fiercely, connecting their lips with something that makes his head spin and his heart pound, and Dream murmurs something back that he doesn’t hear before tugging him achingly closer.
Tonight wasn’t supposed to be like this; never in a million years.
But as Dream kisses him like it’s been this way all along, like the time they’ve spent not doing this is time they have to make up for, like every bone in his body yearns for George and George alone -- George thinks he can let it be.
**
You Will Need:
Three cans of tomatoes
Chili peppers (variety)
A lack of moderation
One jar of sundried tomato paste
Raging hormones
Lamb chops (bone-in)
One DEO agent with a very nice physique and a one track mind
Curry paste (extra spicy)
Extremely forgiving friends
Step One: Begin with good intentions.   Decide to cook dinner for everyone as a way to bond and reconnect after the total shit-storm that was last week.  Forget the Human proverb that good intentions pave the road to hell.
Step Two: Lightly sear lamb chops on both sides.   As the lamb sears, ask DEO agent if she would like to help.   Receive an answer of 'what kind of help?' along with a hand running up and down your spine.
Step Three: Temporarily abandon cooking efforts to pull said DEO agent into a heated kiss that only ends with you both pushed up against the wall and your hands up one another's shirts.
Step Four: Realize that the lamb is starting to burn.  Pull yourself away from DEO again with great reluctance and check on the lamb, finding it intact.   Remove lamb from heat and fill a large pot with water.
Step Five: Resist continued advances from DEO agent.   Placate her with coffee.
Step Six: With DEO agent temporarily--if reluctantly--placated with coffee, place lamb in pot of water along with canned tomatoes, diced and peeled potatoes and curry paste and bring to a boil.
Step Seven: As the pot boils, reduce heat and cover.    Return attention to DEO agent who is no longer placated.   Carry agent to couch for heavy make out session.
Step Eight: As DEO agent does wonderful things with her mouth, realize that your guests will be arriving in less than ten minutes.   Throw DEO agent into shower and check on put.
Step Nine: Sublimate carnal urges produced by images of naked DEO agent in shower by tasting the curry.   Realize it tastes bland.
Step Ten: Add more garlic and chili peppers (with seeds),   Taste again.
Step Eleven: Decide that it still tastes bland.   Add more garlic.
Step Twelve: Offer taste of now extra-spicy curry to DEO agent.
Step Thirteen: Watch DEO agent gasp, choke, gag, forget to breath and then frantically run for the milk and drink half the carton.   Taste curry again, decide it still tastes bland.
Step Fourteen: Serve with white rice and yogurt.   Watch as friends are only able to eat no more than a few spoonfuls before they all lunge screaming and crying for the yogurt.
Step Fifteen: Eat more curry than anyone else.
Step Sixteen: Sulk about the fact that your cooking skills are not appreciated.
Step Seventeen: Get cheered up by DEO agent in the best possible way.
Step Eighteen: Repeat as needed.
NOTE: DEO agent sold separately.  May contain high levels of badassery.   Consult your physician before purchase.
END
“He makes porn.”
Shorter spits out an entire bite of dumpling and it falls with a plop back on the plate.
The Chang Dai is almost empty; Ash chose his usual table in the corner, back to the wall and close to the exit, potted bamboo plant standing to cover the table but not enough to steal the line of vision.
Shorter is still wearing the Chang Dai apron, Mohawk sweaty from the batches of prawns he had to fry earlier.
He steals Ash’s chopsticks and picks up the dumpling Ash may have left there for this exact purpose.
“Ash, my dude, you know I love you to the hell and back, but you’re the last person I’d expect to know what porn even is.”
And of course he wouldn’t believe him. Because Ash’s has been on his best behavior for three whole years now, and maybe last month he freaked out for forty minutes because of not-even-actual-porn-ish spam in his email. He shut the computer screen hard enough he cracked the liquid crystals and Shorter had to go through his emails to delete the offensive material.
Shorter is a good friend—no, the actual best. And precisely because he’s a good friend, Ash has spent a big portion of their friendship shielding him from the absolute clusterfuck that his previous life had been.
Ash doesn’t even need to hear his shrink asking in her irritatingly wise voice: “is it truly your friend that you’re protecting from your past, or yourself?” to know that this is all a cowardly move to spare himself a bit of shame, as if he still had some shreds of it to spare after the last ten years.
He won’t out himself now, but he needs Shorter to understand that he knows enough of the world to detect porn when it happens in his proximity.
“Shorter, he makes porn. Some kind of webcam porn, specifically. I fucking hear him: he whispers suggestively, he sets up soft music and there’s always weird shit being shipped—” He doesn’t even know. Even with his extensive knowledge of sex toys catalogs, strange items keep on appearing: brushes, weirdly shaped foam, sponges and beauty products; and microphones and cameras and lighting and “I’m a photographer”… For fuck’s sake, he’s a photographer! and that should have sent Ash packing right on the spot.
And instead he stayed. He stayed for the tidy rooms, for the scolding of “don’t come in with your shoes! Don’t you Americans know how unhygienic that is?”, for the lousy tofu sandwiches and for the “you study too much, let’s watch some Netflix!”; or the calls of “okairi” every time he gets back to the apartment, no matter how long he’s been gone, and for the smile on top of some silly shirt with an ugly bird printed on.
Ash has never felt at home, not since Griffin; not even back to Max and Jessica’s place, where he felt loved, but still intruding in somebody else’s family. And yet, that tiny apartment near the subway station, with the noisy water pipes and the weird Japanese roommate, it’s the first place that he truly felt his own.
So he endures. No one is perfect, right? Eiji is allowed to have some kind of, well. Whatever that is.
Most nights, Ash locks his door and fails to put his headphones on because not knowing is even worse than suspecting and he needs to stay alert.
The thing is: he can’t call Max. He’s been at this college gig for less than a couple months and he can’t already be panicking and calling mommy and daddy to make them come and get him.
“Okay, well, let’s say he’s making porn. Hypothetically,” Shorter says, not bothering to lower his voice because he’s Shorter and he’s never held an ounce of self-consciousness since he sprout out of his mother’s womb, probably with a fully formed Mohawk and piercings. “It’s in his right, I think. I mean, there aren’t really regulations about that kind of stuff.”
“There aren’t,” Ash confirms, even if he isn’t sure if Mrs. Coleman, their landowner, would be thrilled knowing that the cute Japanese boy she gifts casseroles and exchanges recipes with is also making porn videos in the bedroom she’s renting him.
“Maybe the reason he’s here it’s the porn itself? I mean, what if it’s his source of income? He’s Japanese, right? Maybe his parents can’t send him money.”
Shorter is looking straight in his eyes, serious and searching, and Ash is going to burst.
He knows he’s being unreasonable. Theoretically speaking, he doesn’t have anything against—well, against sex work? If Eiji needs or—why the hell not?—wants to film porn to make ends meet or even as a bonus on his photography job, well, good for him, right? He isn’t doing anything wrong: he’s an adult—two whole years older than Ash himself—and he’s also a model roommate. He makes Ash’s breakfast, for fuck’s sake, and he helps him wake up when Ash’s body tries to sleep through the third alarm.
Ash munches on another bit of his xiao mei, but his stomach is barricaded with worries.
“I know it’s not anything bad, and I know I’m overreacting…”
“Well, it’s not your fault either if it makes you uncomfortable,” Shorter says, sympathetic. He always is, since Ash told him he’s basically sex-repulsed to make him stop trying to overshare the details of his latest conquers down at the pub. And that's true, right? Sex freaks Ash out. He used to be numb about it, just like many other things, but then Jessica grabbed him from the shoulders, less figuratively than Ash is comfortable admitting, and sat him down on a shrink’s chair. And now Ash has had three whole years to realize how much of a freak he is, and every single small random thing freaks him out completely, overloaded brain and out-of-body experiences attached. It’s like all those old cuts that had healed on their own, ugly scar tissue and infected stitches, have been reopened to flood the quiet life of the friends and family he didn’t think he could ever hope to have.
Shorter taps on the table with one finger to catch his attention: Ash is so fucking broken he can’t even follow a conversation for three fucking minutes at this point. A conversation he started.
“What is this all about, Ash? You would tell me if he’d done something you don’t like, right?”
He means “to you”, and Ash shivers and is simultaneously relieved because Shorter has his back.
“He didn’t do anything.” And that’s the problem, somehow: Ash knows how to deal with—unwanted advances, upsetting behaviors, all down to straight-up assault. But Eiji would never: Eiji hasn’t done a single thing that could depict him as less than a law-abiding citizen and, most importantly, a perfectly decent human being. A kind one, even.
Shorter is way smarter than he lets on ninety-nine percent of the time, and he’s smart in a completely different way than Ash. Somehow, he knows—without Ash volunteering any information, he still knows enough.
“Do you think he would? Are you feeling unsafe around him?” he asks, like Ash’s instincts are something to be trusted instead of a broken alarm that sets off at every silly input.
Ash shakes his head.
“No, not really. He’s—honestly, he’s perfect. That’s why I don’t want to leave the apartment. He’s a good roommate, and I know I’m the one who’s being problematic right now and—”
“What about this,” Shorter says, and it’s his business tone. Ash could be equally fucked or saved; or maybe both at the same time, it isn’t such a weird option when Shorter is involved. “I’ll meet him, and if I think he’s sketchy, you’re staying with me. I’ll help you search for another place and Max and Jessica don’t even have to know about it.”
That was the fear Ash didn’t even want to verbalize inside his head: he’s already stressed Max and Jess enough, having them help him move out and move on and all that. He can’t put them through it again.
“And if you don’t think he’s sketchy?” he dares to ask.
Shorter steals the last xiao mei, now cold, and grins around the biggest bite.
“Then you’re staying with me anyway, if you want. You know, even if someone isn’t technically doing anything wrong, you’re allowed to feel spooked. We’ll help him find a new roommate, too, so everybody can be happy!”
Jesus. Christ.
Ash should ask him how come he’s so good. How come a fuckup like him jackpotted the best friend a man could ask for.
“And who would that be,” Ash asks instead, and Shorter hums.
“What about Yut-lung?”
“I said I think he makes porn, not that I want him dead, Shorter.”
“Mean, Ash!” Shorter bops him on the nose, and Ash lets him.

*

Ash follows the smell of soy sauce and steamed vegetables up to the apartment door.
He takes one long inhale before putting the keys in.
“Okairi!”
Ash still hasn’t figured out how he’s supposed to answer, mostly because Eiji told him he doesn’t have to if he doesn’t’ feel like it.
Eiji is all about what Ash feels like, which sometimes is overwhelming in itself for the enormity of it: Ash is allowed to feel however he pleases that day, and if it’s a bad day, Eiji would just nod and pour him a cup of green tea from the giant teapot he’s always going on.
In exchange, Ash tries at least to remove his shoes when he steps in.
“You’re cooking.”
“Yes!” Eiji says, and waves at him with his free hand as the other skillfully stirs something with those two long chopsticks he uses to cook. “I make many dishes for your friend because you wouldn’t tell me what he likes!”
“Eiji, you didn’t need to—”
“Oh, but it’s no trouble, you know I love cooking! Did you remember to eat today? I packed you sandwich—”
“Yes, I found it.” On the table, with a post-it attached, and an ugly scribbled birdie that told him to have a good day, exclamation mark, exclamation mark.
The thing is: Eiji is nice. Ash actually, genuinely likes him and nothing in his behavior makes him feel threatened. And how could he: Eiji’s must have spent the last couple hours marinating and sautéing, spinning around the kitchen while wearing a yellow apron covered with tiny birds.
He asks Ash to sample his cooking as fast as he’s discarded his bag, filling his mouth with a bite of this and a spoonful of that every time he started to protest. And now it’s almost seven-thirty and there’s a full Japanese meal divided between bowls big and tiny on the counter. The smell of grilled fish and vegetables is fogging the kitchen, and Ash’s cesspit of a mind.
“Here,” Eiji says, and cuts up the rolled-up omelet into perfect slices. “What do you think?”
Ash can’t think; his brain is empty and his ears are ringing.
“Oh, here he is! Ash, I think is better if you go.”
“Go where?” Ash asks, taken aback.
Eiji tilts his head; he looks like a sparrow, ruffled feathers like he’s just landed from the sky. He points the spatula toward the door: the doorbell, it’s ringing.
“Yes, please, go?”
Ash blinks. The problem here is that Eiji makes him lose bunches of neurons with that smile of his, that’s what.
“Right,” he says, and takes cover toward the door.
“Ohi, Ash! Shit, was he a serial killer for real? Ash, are you—”
“I’m here,” Ash yells, to Shorter’s worried face. He straightens the sunglasses on his nose.
“Hey, man, nice to see you in one piece. I’ve brought beer!”
Eiji steps out of the kitchenette in all of his apron-y glory.
“Thanks, that’s so kind of you!”
Shorter gapes so hard and fast that Ash’s hand darts to pick up his jaw and push it back in place.
“Shorter, this is Eiji.”
“Hi, Shorter! It’s so nice to meet you, Ash is always—” he stops, narrows his eyes, and looks at Ash. “Affectionate? When he talks about you.”
“Affectionate? With a question mark? I’m wounded,” Shorter rebuts, and Ash steps on his foot with purpose.
“Come inside. You didn’t have to bring drinks, we aren’t boomers.”
“Eiji said it was nice of me. Right, Eiji?” Oh God: it’s happening, Shorter is being friendly and nothing survives Shorter’s friendliness, not even Lee Yut-Lung. Ash has set a bomb and he’s going to deserve everything that will go sour from now on.
Eiji turns from his trafficking with spatulas and pans and nods, a big smile on his face.
“Of course! It’s a nice thing to do, right?”
Ash closes the door and smiles back, awkwardly enough for Shorter to burst out a laugh.
Truth is: he desperately wants for Eiji to be… Well, actually, he’d like for himself, not Eiji, to just be fucking normal.
He doesn’t want to be scared, mind always screeching, caught in a mousetrap. He wants to be chill and easygoing. He wants for Eiji to find him a good roommate, a laid-back one who doesn’t freak out over his side job as a—part-time porn actor? Is that what this is? Eiji’s smart, he’s probably super careful, and he’s never invited anybody at home; he goes to bed early when he’s not filming, and he wakes early anyway to go running around the block. He’s nice to the neighbors; he was extremely friendly with Max and Jess when they helped Ash move in, and never in a creepy way.
He’s perfect. He’s fucking perfect and Ash should just get a fucking grip, that’s it.
“This is great—I love Japanese cooking.” Shorter walks around smelling pots and bowls. “What do you think, Ash? Ash is one hell of a picky eater.”
Ash tries to stay present.
“Just because one can’t stomach your deadly spicy soy noodles of doom it doesn’t make them ‘picky eaters’.”
“See?” Shorter says, and Eiji snickers, nodding. They’ve known each other for three minutes and they’re already sharing inside jokes?
“What,” Ash asks, forgetting the question mark to sound more threatening.
Shorter grins at him harder.
“The quotation marks, you can hear them in your voice, it’s uncanny.”
“It’s true. But I don’t think it’s—that word. I think it’s funny,” Eiji says, and blushes a bit and smiles and scoops rice inside another bowl. “Here, now sit down and eat. You don’t eat enough, Americans have very unhealthy habits.”
“It’s not Americans, it’s just that Ash forgets he’s got a physical body. His mom packs him PB&amp;J sandwich in every hole she can find whenever they see each other, ain’t that right, Ash?”
“You’re the only one who calls Jessica my mom, and no, she doesn’t,” Ash says, even if technically she does push food in his hands every time Ash is at arm’s reach. And no one cares, really: Shorter grins like he’s won anyway because Eiji is laughing. Maybe it’s true: maybe to win you just need to keep Eiji happy and laughing. Ash wouldn’t mind if it lasted.

*

Eiji has cooked for a small regiment. Ash never thought he could appreciate tofu, but Eiji lets it marinate in soy sauce, rice vinegar and, apparently, peanut butter because “I can’t find all the ingredients here, I have to try new things” and somehow it turns out good; they eat the tamago something, perfectly rolled up, and the shrimps that Eiji made specifically because he remembered that Ash likes shrimps. They drink Shorter’s beer and they chat.
Okay, technically, it’s Shorter and Eiji that do most of the chatting, sharing bits and pieces from their lives like wonderfully well-adjusted young people: bussing tables at Chang Dai and joining the track team in Japan; eating okayu or congee when you get the flu; dealing with a big sister or a little sister.
Ash doesn’t have that: Shorter asks how Michael’s doing like he’s his little brother for real, but they’re just playing pretend; all of Ash’s life is playing pretend, praying that pretend can one day finally become real enough for his brain to calm down.
His brain isn’t calming down.
“Well, this was nice,” Shorter says, when Eiji has made them sit down to watch Nailed It on his Netflix account while he sorts out the dishes by himself—“it’s okay! I like doing it, it makes me calm, very zen.”
The keyboard has Japanese signs too: it’s like sitting in the cockpit of a spaceship and Ash is starting to feel a bit disgusted by all that mangled cake on screen, so he turns to follow Eiji instead. He’s moving around the kitchen while still chatting with Shorter about—about what? Ash is lost: the pocket on the back of Eiji’s jeans has another one of those ugly birds embroidered on. Did they come out like that? Or was it an addition? Did he embroider it himself?
Shorter flails his eyebrows suggestively, following his gaze, and Ash smacks him on the ear.
“What is it?” Eiji asks, turning around with a background effect of soapy bubbles, sleeves rolled up and dimples on his cheeks and—fuck. Fuck Ash’s life, all of it in all its grimy, slimy filth.
“Hey, Eiji, buddy, listen up,” Shorter starts, and drapes one hand on the backrest of the couch.
Something in the air shifts—Ash’s hypervigilance is a scared beast, ears flat to the ground, back tense, ready to jump. Shorter is smiling.
“What’s up with all that stuff in you room, Eiji?”
Eiji turns toward them, smile frozen and plate in hands, caught in the headlights. He left the door of his room slightly ajar when he went to get his laptop; there’s a tripod right beside his desk, and a microphone on top of it, and lights, and make-up products—
Water drips on his feet and Eiji startles, mumbling something too Japanese to be understandable. Red is creeping up his neck in splotches.
“Shorter,” Ash starts, quiet, but Shorter waves at him and smiles like he knows what he’s doing. And maybe he does, but all Ash can hear is that cop’s voice from back then, “bye, Movie Star,” calling from the interrogation room before they threw him in Juvie; the utter, senseless shame clawing at his insides.
Ash hears himself talking before he’s actually decided to intervene.
“I told you Eiji is a photographer, right? He has lots of stuff to take photographs,” he says, hastily, and Eiji’s panicked eyes spark with thankfulness.
Inside the fifteen inches screen, another cake falls down with a soft, dramatic plop.
“Yes, I’m photographer! Very nice—I like it very much. I asked Ash to help me but he is very shy.”
Shorter frowns.
“He can be—but, Eiji, pal. What do you need a microphone for if you take photos?”
“Shorter,” Ash says, and pinches him harder. “Don’t you think it’s time to go? You have work tomorrow.”
“I work at a restaurant, we open at five!” Shorter is scandalized until he catches on Ash’s expression.
“I know what you’re doing, but I really think it’s okay now. I was definitely overreacting. Thank you.” Ash's voice comes out lower and fast, enough that Eiji just looks puzzled, eyes bouncing from the two of them.
He still insists on packing Shorter a bunch of plastic boxes full of leftovers.
“It was so nice that you came! Come back again—Ash, make him come back again!”
“Sure, when I’ll want a headache,” Ash says, but does his best to reciprocate Shorter’s pat on his back, because he can at least try to be a decent friend, since Shorter is the best in the business.
“Call me!” he yells, when Ash closes the door. Jesus Christ.
“He’s very nice,” Eiji says. His smile is still there, steadfast, but his hand is shaking when he puts the plate on the racks.
Guilt knots Ash’s stomach around the food Eiji kindly cooked. He mumbles something about a shower, and cowers in the bathroom in silence.

*

Ash steps out of the bathroom wearing Max’s giant NYC Marathon t-shirt while Max’s actual voice comes through the speakers.
“Did he eat? Ash, what did you have for dinner,” Jessica interjects, yelling, and Ash sighs as Max protests that this is his turn to speak with Ash, because apparently he’s some kind of limited commodity. It isn’t even the first time in his life, but now it’s this blonde, loud, affectionate family—they all look straight out of a magazine, really—that somehow fights for his attention, and Ash doesn’t even know where to start faking being mad over it.
“My roommate cooked some Japanese stuff. Shorter was here, you can ask him since apparently you think I’m unreliable."
“Oh, good, I like Shorter!” Of course Max would be ecstatic: he loves when Ash is friendly with friends. The fact that they met in Juvie really isn’t troubling at all, to him. “And Eiji cooked? That kid is so nice, really.”
Eiji is standing there beside the doorjamb, eyes bright and surprised.
Ash should be feeling embarrassed; but he finds out it’s easy to look him in the eyes as he answers “yes, he’s really nice,” while Max mumbles something else about food and roommates and man to marry.
“Bye, you doofuses,” Ash rebuts, because Jessica was lamenting that he never learned how to cook, so she should probably just divorce him a second time. Michael groans, but comically enough that it’s clear he knows she’s joking.
“Sorry about that. They’re too loud to keep right to my ear,” Ash says, and steps to free the way to the bathroom, only Eiji doesn’t move.
“Ashu—listen,” he starts, and the accent gets heavier when he’s nervous, Ash’s name is always the first word to acquire an added syllable. He shifts the weight on his feet and grabs at the doorjamb like he’s expecting to be decked in the face or something.
Ash feels so fucking bad he’ll have to go back in the bathroom and puke.
“Don’t worry about it,” he hears himself saying, voice as calm as he can. “Shorter was just—I might have mentioned that you… Well, spend some time making some kind of videos, I think? But I shouldn’t have told him anything. Shorter was just trying to look out for me, but this is your house and you can do whatever you need to do. Whatever it is, as long as you’re okay doing it, is fine by me—and I sound like a jerk,” he adds, blinking. “What I mean is that you don’t need my permission, and you don’t have to explain yourself or anything. I’ll just mind my own business and—”
“Ashu—would you… It’s a bit weird,” Eiji says, and he’s blushing bright red at this point. “But I think it will be okay to let you see, if you want.”
Hah. Ash didn’t really expect this. This is a bit too much.
“I don’t think—really, it’s not you,” he says. “I’m just. I’m kind of a weirdo. Seriously fucked up, and there are some things I really can’t deal with—and some of them are crazy, like cigars and headboards and fucking Mozart, please don’t ask.” He’s rambling, he knows he is, just like he knows Eiji is looking at him, but he just can’t stop. “And some other are—” He exhales, and pressed the bridge of his nose between his fingers. “Another one is sex. I really don’t like it, but it’s okay for you to…”
“Sex?” Eiji sounds like he hasn’t understood the word, he mumbles something in Japanese, frowning. “Oh—sex?”
Ash squints. He’s breathless.
“Aren’t you—Eiji, what do you do in that room?” he asks, as he should have probably asked all along?
“ASMR videos,” Eiji says, and blinks again. He bites on his lower lip for a second, like he does when he’s trying to arrange English words inside his head. “It’s a… It’s a bit difficult to explain. That’s why I never try. It makes me look like a crazy person!” He sighs and he’s back at considering Ash’s face like he’s the one who should supply answers. “It’s easier to show, really, that’s why I asked? It’s weird but… I think you’re a kind person? You aren’t going to make fun of me?”
What Ash isn’t going to do is sitting down on the corridor floor, no matter what his spaghetti legs are telling him.
“Okay,” he says then. “I won’t make fun of you, I promise.”
It’s not sex. How bad could it be? It’s worth it, if Eiji looks that desperate, and hopeful.

*

It’s like a shiver, or pins and needles; like goosebumps beneath the skin.
The hands move slowly, brushing the rug with gloved fingers. The voice from the earbud is quiet, different even from the one Eiji uses to talk with his family on the phone, Japanese slower and soft, like watered ink.
“Ain’t those the rubber gloves from the kitchen?” Ash asks, and he’s whispering too because what the fuck. What the actual fucking fuck.
“They are,” Eiji says, and moves faster through the frames, finger on the mouse and one earbud in, the other in Ash’s own ear. Whatever video-Eiji is saying, it fills Ash’s head with cotton. He yawns.
“See? Relaxing,” Eiji tells him, and he’s still blushing, but he looks more eager to show him, now. There’s a whole channel full of videos, all the same: Eiji’s hands doing something absolutely weird.
He’s got other mics, a collection of colorful brushes and spray guns and kinetic sand; he edits the video himself, sets the lights, places the camera.
It’s not porn. It’s weird as fuck—and relaxing?
“And people just listen to you?”
“To fall asleep, or to relax. To study, too. White noise is good for that.”
Apparently. Ash knows he’s gaping, it’s just—
“This definitely wasn’t what I imagined when I heard you whispering alone in this room.”
“I’m sorry I bothered you. No good for soundproof, this room. I always have to cut pieces of videos because of cars or other sounds, even when I record at night.”
“Maybe we can figure out something,” Ash says, frowning at the small room. “We could get heavier tents. Or tape a blanket to the wall, it should dampen the sound a bit. I read something about egg cartoons once, but I’m not sure the source was reliable… What is it?”
The video’s still ongoing in the background, but Eiji has removed his earbud and he’s looking at him with his big eyes, a curious glint in them. Ash is this close to freak out, only then Eiji lets out a sigh, and his smile is enough to mend some of Ash’s broken up insides, a feat he didn’t know was actually possible.
“Ash, I love you,” Eiji says, in a smile.
Huh. The chair under Ash’s ass squeals in agony, or maybe it was a sound his brain made?
“Oh, no, that’s not what you say?” Eiji is pressing two fingers on his lips, brows furrowed and eyes wide. “I—you’re a good person. You’re so kind! You didn’t make fun of me, you want to help me! I love you!”
No, okay, Ash’s throat is making the sound of an agonizing hedgehog squashed on asphalt and he has to stop right now. He clears his voice.
“Ah—alright. Yes, sure, I’ll help you with the—soundproofing?” Is that a word? Does it matter, when Eiji smiles like that and nods and pats Ash on the forearm in the most natural, innocent way—maybe that’s Ash’s detonation switch and they’re going to implode into the tiniest black hole with the room and the apartment and the whole building and Mrs. Coleman herself.
Eiji’s face is a center of gravity; Ash does his best to breathe. He clears his throat.
“So you—like, you film these and you post them on Youtube?”
“Yes! There are many many people who do the same,” Eiji tells him, still smiling, still blushing. A bit closer, elbow to elbow. “You really never heard of it? It’s a big thing now, before… not much. Was considered very weird.”
The question, how did you even end up on the weird part of YouTube, lingers in the air. Eiji sighs.
“You see—I told you about pole-vaulting, right?”
Ash nods. Eiji always takes the elevator—which Ash hates—because of an old pole-vaulting injury. He looks sheepish; he stops the video and intertwines his fingers.
“It was a bit awful. When I fell and I couldn’t jump anymore,” he says.
Ash would like to smooth that crease in between his eyebrows with a thumb, would that be weird? It probably would. He keeps his hands on his knees and waits.
Eiji’s smile is all crooked.
“I felt very bad—useless. And sad. I spent long time on my bed doing nothing and I could not sleep at all. I would listen to music or watch cat videos. And one day I see this channel—it was weird at first. I thought ‘is this porn’?” He grins and relief washes Ash’s whole body in waves, because they can joke about it, so it must be okay? “But it wasn’t. It was—I fell asleep listening to this person tapping with their fingers on different things. And then I searched for it, found other videos.”
“I understand,” Ash says, even if he isn’t sure he does. He understands enough, though: first and foremost, that he is a dumbass; secondly, that peace of mind is a rare commodity: Ash dismantled the headboard from his bed back at Max’s with a set of screwdrivers; he always takes the longest route to avoid the Metropolitan Opera House; and he’s pretty sure both Max and Jess are closing one or both eyes over the knife he carries in his pocket.
If Ash can act like a menace to society to feel safe enough to function, sure as heck people around the world can listen to crinkly paper and the sound of extremely closed up soap-carving if it helps them sleep through the night.
“I guess I don’t really go on Youtube?” he says, feeling once again like the one who’s the most out of touch. “Isn’t it full of ads? I already don’t watch TV because I can't stand ads.”
“Yes, there’s adds.” Eiji is grinning openly now. And blushing still. “You’re really weird, Ash.”
“Said the one who pets rugs on the internet?” Ash rebuts, and here it is: that laugh; Ash breathes it in and it’s like inhaling butterflies.
“It’s okay, Ash” Eiji says, and he pats his forearm to give Ash a whole other kind of goosebumps. “I like it that you are.”





Meteor Shower- Mobius/Loki
—
The last thing Loki had expected from Mobius- Titular, stubborn, know-it-all Mobius- Was an invite to sleep in his quarters the night.
“Do any of you actually sleep?” Loki sneered, trying his hardest to make a sore attempt at a brisk speed walk look natural.
Mobius trailed ahead, his coat bumping gently against his own legs. The clacking of shoes was a familiar melody to the both of them at this point. Loki had been at the TVA for a while now- Days or weeks or minutes were uncountable- yet the rooms still remained as unfamiliar and complicated as the next.
“Yes, we do. Speaking of sleep that’s where I’m headed next,”
Mobius halted in his tracks at the entrance of an elaborate doorframe. It’s shiny metal sheen and delicate engravings mocked Loki as the dramatic god slipped on his own shoes at the sudden stop. A half-attempt was made to smooth down the long rattled uniform he had wore all day long. Mobius turned to face him,
“And you’re coming with me.”
“Where? To sleep with you?”
Loki felt like choking on his shirt when he realised what he had said. Mobius, unluckily, noticed the poor choice of words.
“Yeah, sure Loki.” He playfully mocked. “To sleep with me.”
Punching in some miscellaneous numbers into a track-pad, the door opened into a creamy-white hallway. The ceilings faded yellow lights and the frayed grey carpet gave the room a stuffy, old-fashioned feel. But not a charming one, more like the kind you get from visiting your Grandmother. A vast contrast to the glass-and-metal empire that was the TVA.
“..And this is supposed to be…?”
“Just wait and see, OK?”
Mobius reached into his pocket and untangled some keys. Not fancy, TVA hyper-futuristic, Timekeeper-approved, multi million dollar keys. Just regular old house keys. How unusual.
Loki cocked an eyebrow when Mobius turned to another regular-looking door further down the corridor and clicked it open. The sound lacking an echo in the stuffy hallway. He thought that maybe Mobius was picking something up, or retrieving a lost item for a coworker- but when, out of view, the older man let out a quiet but relieved sigh- That’s when Loki realised. This was Mobius’ room.
Loki hid slightly out of sight on the other side of the door like a wild possum caught in headlights. He felt almost embarrassed to peek into the titular detectives living quarters. It felt like an invasive crime in enough itself to even be thinking about what it looked like. Let alone peeking inside.
“Home sweet home! Oh dear, did I really not clean that stain there? Jeez Loki just ignore- Loki?”
Mobius popped his head out from the other side of the door. Loki still frozen on the spot, hair standing up against the back of his neck.
“Loki, what are you doing out there? It’s gonna get cold, there isn’t any heating in the hallway.”
He could feel his blood freeze. Every part of his body was blaring alarms that screamed “TRAP TRAP THIS IS A TRAP RUN AWAY RUN AWAY!!” And his skin crawled at the thought of being inside such a very private and personal space. Especially his self-proclaimed captors’.
It felt invasive. It felt wrong. It felt like an ambush. A very thought-out way of building up Loki’s trust enough, only to smash it back down to a pulp. And having Mobius’ room be the bait.
“..So are you coming in or are you just going to stand there like that?” Mobius’ tone wasn't reprimanding, rather pleasantly playful. Adorned with a cheeky grin on his face.
Against what his instincts were telling him, Loki followed the agent into his room.
He was expecting something.. A bit more elaborate.
Maybe a lineup of guards. A wall of weapons? Item frames filled with otherworldly collections that could destroy a man in the blink of an eye? Perhaps even a well-put together trap. Loki was thinking something cartoonish and outlandish. Like, something along the lines of a swinging trapdoor, even.
But no, Mobius’ room was completely normal. Welcoming, even.
It wasn’t big, not by any means. It also lacked windows, at least in the main living room. But that was to be expected, though; what kind of view was there supposed to be anyway?
A yellowish lantern similar to the one in the hallway hung gently against the, again, similar creamy white walls. From which a streaky orange glow lit up the room almost poorly if it weren’t for the interior design shape. Paintings and artwork strung the wall in front of them, but their origins seemed to be more modern than anything, depicting mountains and waterfalls with deep jade greens and blue hues.
The couch looked ridiculously comfortable. A pale green standing out against the mostly white room, with a fuzzy decor blanket rolled up neatly on one of the pillows. A comedically old and ugly beige armchair sat lonely in the dark corner, accompanied only by a short, stained coffee table. To the left of them, there was a small hallway with about three half-closed doors. All of which looked suspicious to Loki.
Or did he want them to look suspicious
Did Loki even want to be proven wrong?
Of coarse he didn’t. He never did.
“The shower is on the left and the bathroom is right beside it. You’ll have to excuse me for a moment while I get some things sorted ou-“
“Are you saying I smell?”
Loki wrinkled his nose disapprovingly at Mobius. After the.. Insanity filled few days he just had, the last thing on his mind was hygiene. And he wasn’t about to be tutored on it by the man who was ‘practically keeping him hostage’ (Note the inner sarcasm). Mobius eyed his hair meaningfully
“Ah, well, Loki, you see.. The thing is- Yes. Yes you do. And will you ever stop cutting me off?”
Loki grit his teeth, “And what is it to you? You’re holding me more hostage than the rest of your Varient prisoners, so why be so friendly? A lion doesn’t befriend a rabbit before eating it, you know”
Mobius just stared. Before slowly smiling.
“Metaphors. Again, I love it,”
He began fiddling with the length of his tie like it annoyed him. It probably did.
“But you see, what the hunters, Ravonna, and everyone at the TVA doesn’t get, is that there’s no point in capturing you if we cannot understand you, if we don’t pay attention to what you’re thinking. I’d be a fool to lock you away to fester in a prison,”
Mobius looked Loki straight in the eyes, and holy fuck did he have, well, eyes. For sure. Yep, nothing overly handsome about those eyes.
“Because I know there’s more to you, Loki. I know somewhere deep down there’s more than a cold, sad little boy whose throne was too big for his body to match. I know there’s somebody more inside there somewhere”
Mobius sauntered away all fancy-like before Loki even got a chance to open his mouth. Slamming one of the three doors behind him as the detective wrangled with his tie- Leaving Loki to his own devices.
Leaving Loki…
On his own.
Was Mobius stupid, or insanely smart? To let Loki, possibly one of the smartest and oh-so trickstery creatures in all of the galaxies, to his own devices? In his home?
Oh and not to mention that entire speech he just gave. That left Loki standing there, mouth gaping open like a cod fish. His mind barley giving a him a chance to process what he had just said. He could feel his hands fisting and unfisting mindlessly. A totally-not-nervous habit Loki has developed.
Eventually, after spending what felt like an eternity just standing there and processing it all, Loki decided to finally take a shower.
He bounced on his heels nervously- ‘no, nope nope, not nervously, Loki prince of Asgard does not get nervous’ waiting for the water to heat up.
What kind of mind games was this? Letting Loki into his home and offering him a shower, like he was just any old guest staying the night?
He hadn’t even considered staying the night there. In fact, the thought crossing his mind sent shivers up his spine. Not bad shivers, either.
There was only one bedroom, too..
The warm water from the shower tickled Loki’s skin in a shuddering way. He didn’t know if it was the handle itself or how aggressively he was turning it, but he could never seem to get the water at a comfortable temperature. It was always too hot or cold.
He felt so.. vulnerable in this state. He couldn’t describe it. All his senses where heightened and on edge.
Between New York, judge courts and Pompeii; He almost felt tired. Which wasn’t a very ‘Loki’ thing of him to do.
His top surgery scars where long faded, as well as the many, many others he’d accumulated over the years- Reflected off the shiny metal of the shower handle. Loki’s reflection, no matter how crooked, scrawny or underweight, was a harsh reminder that he’d survived everything. He’d practically survived the end of the world. That sad little boy stuck in the wrong body of the wrong gender in the most unfavourable circumstance was still here, and still alive. Somehow.
‘I suppose old sayings run true’ Loki pondered. The steam from the shower provided a smoke-screen of false security for his thoughts to fester. His brain took in the full events of the past few days.. Lackluster. ‘It’s hard to kill a God,
‘But why would the Timekeepers put so much effort and bother into somebody like I?” He thought, Rubbing his arms up and down. God, he couldn’t even remember the last time he took an actual warm shower. The fact that he actually had to think hard about it was enough proof that it was well-needed enough.
‘This all seems incredibly excessive. Why put up such a fight when they have the universes most powerful artifacts at their fingertips?’
Loki’s mind kept tugging back to Mobius. The warmth of the water felt almost captivating.
‘What is Mobius’ end game to all of this? I’m supposed to trust this man, too?’ He paused for a moment.
‘I am in his shower right now, though. And he is in the other room. The only bedroom, too.’
Loki found his two statements about trust… Contradicting somewhat.
Once Loki had stepped out of the shower, he found that a new set of clothes were folded on the towel rack in front of him. Either he hadn’t noticed them there before, or Mobius had entered the room while he was in the shower.
He’d expected to feel repulsed by the latter idea. He wanted to feel uncomfortable from the idea of Mobius slipping in and out silently while Loki had his back turned. Completely vulnerable and subjectable to a metaphorical (Or literal) bullet to the head.
But he didn’t.
In fact, quite the opposite happened.
Loki felt a strange sense of comfort crawling up his skin at the idea. The mere theory alone that Mobius had come in at such a private and exposed position.. And left without a trace?
It horrified Loki.
Not the fact that he’d done it..
But the fact that Loki somewhat enjoyed the idea.
It wasn’t sexual, that was the thing. It wasn’t sensual, either. And he hated with his entire body the idea of it being perverted. So what was it?
Did Loki want a bad thing to happen?
Did he want to be stabbed in the back?
Why did he feel so comfortable and relieved to have not been betrayed? Wouldn’t that have proven him right, his favourite thing to do?
Loki did not know. And that terrified him.
The second Loki had opened the door facing the hallway, he immediately felt like closing it again and never reappearing.
Mobius was stood beside the doorframe of an entrance to a dimly-lit room he couldn’t fully see, his arms tucked in as he used his shoulder to lean slightly against the wall. Though the frame was large it wasn’t nearly as impressive as Mobius.
There was.. Technically nothing out of the ordinary pertaining to the detective. He wore a pair of baggy grey sweatpants… And that’s about where it stopped.
Loki, guiltily, found himself admiring Mobius’ body. Again, there was by all accounts nothing out of the ordinary with it. But with the mix between a broad, soft  chest detailed with a fair amount of chest hair dusted here and there, patterned with a few burn marks, a soft stomach and very well-toned arms; it was apparently enough to silence the God of Mischief. He felt so.. Guilty for admiring Mobius. It felt shameful, really; A nervous and frankly pathetic excuse for an all-powerful god has no right to be gazing at him.
A man clearly more capable than Loki.
“Admiring the view?”
Loki was snapped back to reality by Mobius’ quiet chuckle. The joke landed poorly in his mind, though. Only serving to feed the ever growing anxiety pit he’d dug in his stomach. Loki tried his best to hide it by keeping his face stoic and charming- His main go to when he was in a hole he’d shovelled for himself. But unluckily for him, it did not go unnoticed by Mobius. Rarely anything did.
“Loki?”
No answer.
“..Hey, Loki, I didn’t upset you, did I?”
Loki decided to finally look up from his fixated gaze.
Mobius had that goddamn look in his eyes. That genuine and honest look. He was worried, and not just a general, well-meaning kind of worried. He was actually concerned for Loki. Loki of all people, too!
For whatever godforsaken reason, it made his chest flutter.
“N-No, Mobius. Of coarse not. Why would you ever-“
“I’m really sorry if that was too insensitive,” he started.
“I know it’s hard for you. I really do, I shouldn’t have said something like that. I’m sorry. I’m fine with accommodating the shower to you, honest. I can turn the lights off or cover the mirror, I don’t mind, Loki”
That. That right there.
Nobody in his entire life besides his immediate family and offered such personal assistance for an activity that, in actuality.. Was incredibly hard for Loki being Genderfluid.
It almost bought tears to his eyes.
“Please don’t hesitate to tell me when I make you uncomfortable, OK? Despite what the TVA’ll have you think.. I’m here to help you”
That’s when Mobius cupped Loki’s cheek with his hand.
Loki felt like crying then and there.
“I…” Mobius’ eyes were distracting. A captivating greyish-light blue colour- They looked like the sky before a raging storm were to hit. They looked amazing.
“You look nice” Loki blurted out. He wasn’t even thinking when he said it. He just said it.
Mobius chuckled, slowly removing his hand from their cheek.
“I think you look nice, too”
Oooooooh that wasn’t good. The god could feel his own face heating up by the second. He tried to bite his lip discreetly or fiddle with his fingers, but nothing worked to quell the butterflies in his stomach.
“Do the clothes fit you OK?,” Mobius asked, thankfully ignorant to the stims. “I couldn’t seem to find anything else that looked comfortable enough to sleep in. I threw them on the towel rack while you were in there but I was just unsure exactly..”
“It fits fine” They assured him with a smile and a small hair flick. The plain white tee and overly-baggy sweatpants were definitely a bit short for him, the shirt riding up his stomach a little. “Though I’d much prefer to have wore my suit”
Mobius laughed, a toothy grin spreading across Loki’s face. Indicating he was back to his somewhat normal self
“Do you sleep in those clothes?”
“Hey! I’ll have you know it’s fine Asguardian leather, Midgardian!”
“Riiiiight,” he turned to open the door wider for Loki.
“Speaking of sleep; Welcome to your new bed”
Loki didn't even bother looking inside. He felt his skin freeze up at the moment the other man finished his sentence. Oh god he hadn’t even thought about where he’d sleep.
But now Mobius was offering his own bed for him to sleep in?? Loki just wanted to pause time right then and there to take a break. Get a drink or something. Prevent an inner mental breakdown. This was a very new feeling to him; a very uninvited one, too. Especially in this moment.
Loki did not want Mobius to see him panicking over something as silly as spending the night in somebody else’s bed. So, he flicked his hair back and straightened his posture in the most uncomfortable way he possibly could.
“Seriously? I’m gonna have to sleep with you?” He wrinkled his nose at the statement
“What are we, twelve?”
“No, we’re TVA agents,” Mobius said “And we have integrity. Dignity.”
“I do, certainly, but maybe not you”
The detective just sighed and dropped his head into his hands. A short-lived victory that soon turned into guilt.
“Listen, if it sincerely bothers you that much I can sleep on the couch. I don’t mind, your comfort is of the utmost importance to me right now”
Loki immediately felt a wave of guilt and panic crash over his head, forcing him to quicken his breath. ‘No no no no no, I am not making Mobius sleep on the fucking couch just for me. Suck it up suck it up he isn’t going to kill you in your sleep. Probably.’
“N-No!” Loki didn’t mean to shout, But at least it got his attention.
“No.. I’m not making you sleep on the couch in your own home.”
Mobius raised a surprised eyebrow at Loki’s sudden outburst. He was most certainly not angry, though. In fact, a little pleased.
“Now I’d you will excuse me,” Loki sang in a fake sing-song voice
“I will be needing my beauty sleep”
Before Mobius could respond back with a quick insult, Loki had already barged through the door and scanned the room for any traps or hidden weapons. For safety, of coarse. Definitely not paranoia. But his gaze stopped and froze at the window in front of him the second he saw it.
The room itself looked much more elaborate than the rest of the house. Still very minimalistic, with deep orange LED-Esque lights strung up on the corners of the room paired with pale, maroon-red walls made the room feel incredibly calming. But the view from the window was beyond insane.
Loki was shocked that there even was a window in the first place, but the fact that there was a sky was even better.
Overlooking rows upon rows of rusted gold and red, round TVA buildings connected by shiny glass elevators, floating moving walkways, and elaborately shaped halls was an incredible sight.
Each and every single window that stretched out as far as the eye could see had lights on; The glow from this almost city-like empire was phenomenal. It was like the stars did not even need to exist here (Which, considering the circumstances and practicality; they probably didn’t.)
Each and every building was so intricate and detailed that trying to describe everything in the consecutive English language was hard enough. But then there was the sky.
It was a greenish-blue adorned with twinkling stars and lazy clouds that floated above the city. But what was amazing to Loki was that there seemed to be a constant flow of Meteorites, Asteroids and Shootings stars. All of the like, raining down slowly on the city and painting the sky an array of gorgeous colours.
“Beautiful, isn’t it? I haven’t seen a meteor shower from my window in ages. I’d like to think of it as a sign”
Loki stumbled over his next sentence,
“I, ah- yes. I couldn’t agree more. Absolutely gorgeous it is. Indeed..”
Loki turned around to face Mobius, who was leaning against the bed nonchalantly. His face was still and silent, yet he spoke a thousand words in his mind.
Loki could stare at Mobius’ face all day if we were allowed.
There was something so indescribably calming about watching his eyelashes flutter against his cheeks and his striking, smart blue eyes scan the room for anything and everything.
The way this lighting in particular shows Mobius’ small wrinkles in such a beautiful light. Watching his chest rise and fall as he took small, silent breathes; as if to not break the holy silence.
Small tufts of grey hair stuck out from his usual well-groomed look.
When Mobius finally made eye contact with Loki, a small smile tugged at the corners of his lips.
He felt his voice get caught in his throat. He couldn’t breathe for a few seconds; Mobius had such a look of adoration for Loki and he could only imagine the look on his own face was no different.
Loki loved to look at Mobius’ face.
Loki loved…
He paused for a moment. Taking in the silence and the serenity of the moment.
“Mayhaps it is a sign”
“I’d like to hope so”
Mobius smiled again. That damn smile.
With a long, exaggerated sigh, Mobius climbed into the sheets and slipped under the blankets. The bedside light was still turned on, to give Loki an easy pathway to the bed. It was actually quite big for such a small room, and he wondered if that was on purpose or not.
He couldn’t stop staring at the small space the agent had created for him. It’d been so long since he’d slept in a normal bed, let alone with somebody else. Especially someone like Mobius.
As if he could read minds, the silver-haired man peeked up from the nest of pillows his face was buried in. A small glint of humour shining in his eyes, the wrinkles underneath only serving to accommodate them.
“Well? Are you hopping in or not?” A hint of sarcasm teased at his tone.
Loki didn't answer. He just slowly tiptoed his way to the other side of the bed. Like he was trying not to wake up a mouse.
He ran his hands over the satin sheets.. God it really had been a long time since he slept in a nice bed like this, hadn’t it?
Loki, unintentionally, locked eyes with Mobius as he gently settled his weight against the bed. Suddenly hyper aware of his weight dipping the edge.
Mobius didn’t comment. He didn't say a word. Just watched Loki with a calm, warm expression. ‘What a handsome face,’ The god couldn’t stop himself from thinking.
He still was sat uncomfortably upright with his elbow digging into his thigh. He didn’t want to look away from the other man. Not for a second. In fear that, just like everyone else, he may disappear.
Loki hadn’t wanted to trust Mobius.
He hadn’t wanted to be vulnerable around him.
He so badly didn’t want to feel safe around this man.
Yet he did.
He felt more comfortable around this almost stranger than he did anyone else.
It warmed his chest in such a way Loki himself could not describe.
Finally The god let his back fall against the bed. Swinging his legs over, he pulled the blankets up just so they were loosely falling over his chest. It felt so uncomfortable, for some reason no matter how much he wiggled around the small of his back was always being pressed against something.
The wiggling must have alerted Mobius, because Loki could hear a muffled chuckle from beside him
“What? What’s so funny?” Loki asked defensively, leaning against his elbows to properly give him a scolding look.
“Nothing, nothing at all actually” Mobius smiled back
“You’re just very cute like this”
Loki could feel his face heat up yet his whole body was ice-frozen.
“..Eh? C-Come again?”
“I said you’re very cute. Y’know, ‘struggling’ with the bed like that”
Loki tried to say his next words carefully and decisively, but they definitely came out somewhat incoherent with a thick stutter
“Y- You call me the liar, yet y-you say stuff like that, M-Mobius-“
“I’m not lying, Loki,”
Mobius’ voice dropped to a whisper. That sent indescribable shivers up his spine.
“I would never lie to you. I promise.”
A gentle, large hand made its way to Loki’s. He didn’t even notice at first until Mobius gave his a small squeeze. His fingers grazed the others, with barley a whisper, with the obvious intent of intertwining them.
Mobius, with a gentle, kind stare, asked;
“Do you believe me?”
“I will. Only if you lie here with me tonight, though”
The answer seemed to satisfy Mobius. His hand had somehow made its way up to Loki’s chin, gently grazing at the skin. His thumb ran across his cheekbone as he ever-so gently caressed his face.
Loki didn’t know where to look; wether he should stare Mobius back in the eyes or down at the blanket sheets he wasn’t sure. But what he was certain of was that the small, light touches of Mobius’ hands was enough to melt his chest. A fire had been ignited in his chest a while ago; but this man was the reason it kept burning. He kept his flame alight.
Then, the other mans hands’ fell from his face. And once again Loki’s chin felt cold. Like something was missing. He’d never expected to miss the feeling of somebody caressing his face but it was so addicting. He wanted more of it.
He loved how it made him feel.
“How do you do that?”
Loki blurted out against his will. He had to ask, it was killing him.
Mobius raised an eyebrow, “do what?”
“…Get people to trust you like that”
He paused for a moment. Lost in a train of thought. Loki could practically see the gears turning in his brain, wracking himself for an answer.
Finally, he said;
“I think it’s because I don’t like to judge them by their sins. I like fixing broken things; That much I can’t deny.. But I think I do genuinely want to make everyone that comes in here feel as comfortable as possible,”
Mobius looked down a bit. As if a little sad.
“Admittedly most people don’t, though. The TVA has a.. Habit..”
Mobius trailed off, but Loki in complete honesty did not want to hear the end of it. Clearly it was a touchy subject for the both of them.
“Maybe we can face it together someday,” Loki thought.
“But tonight is not that day”
The agent turned to face him again, all sadness seemingly disappearing from his expression (Slightly concerningly at that, Loki hoped sincerely that Mobius wasn’t hiding his feelings from him. That wouldn’t exactly be very trusting)
“Would you like me to keep the lamp on or off tonight?”
“Off.” Loki bit his lip at how rude that came across. ‘Especially after all that’
“..Please”
It felt weird on his tongue to say it, but the small smile that flashed in the corner of his eye from Mobius was enough to reassure him.
Suddenly. It all went dark.
There was a bit of rustling sounds that eased after a while, but other than that..
Pitch silent.
Loki secretly hated silence.
His mind would fester and rot without something else to occupy his ears. His deepest, darkest thoughts could scream in his ear as loudly and intrusively as they wanted to.
He could get away with so many atrocities in his mind in the silent darkness.
Nobody would ever be able to see the absolute monster he truly was in the darkness. And it terrified him.
Loki snapped back to reality when he heard Mobius’ breath slowly but surely deepen. The soft lul of the continuous in and out sound had him absolutely entranced. He couldn’t see Mobius, no. But he could hear him.
That should have been a good thing.
He’d tried to turn over on his side to avoid taking up much room- something he’d found himself notorious for- but without being able to feel the other man beside him..
It made him more panicked than anything.
At any moment Loki could snap. He could turn into his Jotun form and hurt Mobius. Leave his dead body limp on the bed. He could commit the worst atrocities known to man in the darkness of his own home. It would answer Mobius’ question when they first met, at least; ‘Do you like hurting people?’
Loki didn’t want to hurt Mobius.
He didn’t want to hurt anyone.
Especially not him.
As much as he hated to admit it, Loki trusted Mobius. He was scared of loosing that trust.
He was terrified of hurting people he loved. Of enjoying hurting people he loved
‘No no no,’ his mind raced, the darkness slowly creeping up his neck and the back of his throat. With no visuals and only Mobius’ steady breathing, there was nothing for his subconscious to cling onto.
‘I don’t like hurting people. I don’t like hurting people, I don’t like hurting people. I don’t want to hurt Mobius, I don’t-“
“Loki. I can practically hear you thinking”
With a loud snap, the bedside lamp turned on again.
Loki was rock solid frozen in his position. His eyes clenched shut and his fists balled against the sheets.
His first night sleeping in a real bed in months and he does this.
“You’re stiff as a rock, you know you can sleep in- Loki? Are you OK?” Concern wavered in the agents voice.
Loki doesn’t answer. He’s afraid of turning around and finding Mobius has disappeared alongside everyone he’s ever loved.
Loki felt a cold hand rub up and down his back.
“Loki, look at me,”
Very slowly, and very gently, he turned over to face Mobius. A look of genuine concern was plastered on his face.
Again, that handsome face. It was an odd moment to stop and appreciate his beauty, but Loki couldn’t help it.
The way his grey eyes complimented the wrinkles under them that lead down to his mouth, showing that he had smiled and laughed enough in his lifetime to form permanent marks.
His eyes were so kind. His smile was genuine and his personality matched so.
Mobius was a rock, a solid foundation for Loki to go to.
He was more than a smile and the butt of a joke.
Mobius was a kind and genuine person that Loki couldn’t help but melt under. He cared about him, and he cared about his coworkers. He was invested in his work and enjoyed talking about it. He could show you the world at his fingertips and tell you everything there was to know ever with the exact knowledge for it all.
He provided safety to Loki. And safety he would bring.
“M-Mobius I-“
“Sshhh, hey hey, I’ve got you, Loki.. I’ve got you…”
He hadn’t even noticed he’d begun crying, but when the god did, he couldn’t stop.
Silent tears rolled down his cheeks as his mind forced horrible memories down his throat. So he crawled into Mobius’ arms and clutched on for dear life, trembling, like a little kid having a nightmare.
Mobius whispered sweet nothings into his ear as he rubbed his back up and down, grasping onto Loki like a teddy bear and promising to never let go. The small amount of chest hair tickled the upset God’s nose.
Loki couldn’t give a shit about dignity or keeping his act up in the moment. This was the first time anyone had ever done something like this for him.
The world seemed to stand still for those few moments Loki was locked in Mobius’ arms.
The convoluted and somewhat made-up concept of time seemed to freeze while Loki buried his face deeper in the other man’s chest. The smell of his skin and the deep rumbling of his chest whenever Mobius talked was more than enough for his brain to cling onto and focus on. Yet he still comforted him.
He tightened his grip so Loki was snug in his arms; like he was worried that the God was going to fall out of conscience at any moment.
“Maybe Mobius has the same worried and anxieties as I…”
The agent ran his fingers through Loki’s raven-black locks. He tried his best to be gentle but Loki’s hair was so wind-damaged and knotty it was hard to not get caught and tug on the locks. Yet Loki didn’t mind.
The small jolts of pain were a reminder that he was still alive, and the comforting repetitiveness of the stroking eased his worry and fears.
Mobius kept speaking to him. What he was saying precisely was a mystery, but the words still held meaning. Just because you don’t understand the language doesn’t mean it’s any less important.
Loki tried to hear what he was saying, but his voice was so deep and quiet, he could barley understand a word while he focused on the grey haired mans’ breathing.
Slowly but surely, his words ran to their limits. Eventually, Mobius’ words became fewer and fewer until it was once again silent. But Loki was not afraid. He could feel the warmth from the lamp, and he was coddled in the other mans arms securely.
After what felt like both an eternity and five seconds, Mobius spoke up clearly;
“Would you like me to hold you while you sleep?”
Loki desperately searched for mocking or malice in his voice. He was so used to everything being a fraud and everyone’s words being as thick as a sheet of paper.. Holding no truth to them.. Loki wanted to mentally prepare himself for the heartbreak.
Yet there was no denying that Mobius’ request was true and genuine. Real, honest compassion lingered in his words.
And Loki would be a fool to take down the offer.
“If.. That’s alright with you?”
Mobius smiled warmly. Loki had craned his neck to meet his eyes. His soft, warm eyes..
There was no denying he loved his eyes.
“Of coarse, my prince. It’s okay with me”
Loki could practically feel his soul leave his body at the word ‘Prince’. His chest fluttered and his heartbeat quickened like a teenager in love.
“Oh dear, is this what love feels like?”
“O-Okay then..” He felt awkward. Cocooned up against Mobius’ chest, awaiting instructions.
“I can feel your heartbeat,” The silver-haired man laughed, sitting up just a smidge
“I love how it feels”
So Mobius felt this love, too?
“It’s quite nice, dear prince”
Well.. it was at least reassuring that Loki wasn’t alone
..At least..
“Although.. I need to roll over on my back to dim the lamp. Do you mind..?”
“Oh! Yes, yes of coarse..-“
Loki awkwardly moved over a smidge so Mobius could lean over to dim the light.
It’s once whiteish glow slowly melting down to a deep reddish-orange colour that matched the now curtained and silhouetted view of the TVA. The windows were blacked out from the outside, yet Mobius still had the ugliest curtains on earth hung up from the top of the windows.
With a big, lofty sigh, Mobius fell back into the bed, almost taking Loki down under him. His hair was thoroughly ruffled up and his moustache wrinkled and tugged in all the wrong directions; All something Loki found incredibly attractive.
He watched as the other mans’ eyelashes fluttered against his cheeks- Eyelids heavy and face in a peaceful and calm expression.
“You can still lay here if you want,” Mobius patted his chest gently like it was a mattress. Offering Loki a spot to lay his head. A very comfortable looking spot, at that.
He so desperately wanted to say something snarky and quick-witted back to Mobius.. But his eyes were stiff and dry from crying and his brain had ceased to work the moment he got under the blankets.
Tiredness overcame the omnipotent and powerful god as he gave out a large yawn ever and nodded, laying his head as softly as he could against the other mans’ chest.
Mobius let out a small ‘nawwwe’ sound at Loki’s exhausted yawn. But there he was wrapped around the gods fingers now; at the mercy of any small movement he made against his body.
Every ounce of energy, anger, confusion, guilt, emotional strength- All had been zapped out of him in that moment. Loki could barley think, but he realised he was just so unbelievably tired that he almost struggled to figure out how he would get to sleep. He was just so tired he couldn’t sleep. Sleep deprivation and trauma works in mysterious ways.
Yet Loki felt more comfortable than any moment he could think of in his life. He felt like the world around him had disappeared and all that was left was Mobius. Sweet, kind, caring Mobius.
Not a second thought to Loki’s past situation, unpredictable behaviour, or monstrous forms.
He took in the God without a second thought. Without judgment or a plan to knock him down a few pegs even though he absolutely could.
He invited Loki to his bed.
He offered to make accomodations in the shower.
He comforted him during a panic attack.
He did all the things and more that nobody else had ever done for him.
“…I used to be afraid of monsters,” he quietly thought aloud.
“Hmm?”
“I’d always ask my Mot- Frigga to close the cupboard door whenever I went to bed.” His voice felt croaky and strangled, reliving past events of his childhood. He could vividly remember the way shadows seemed to creep out of the closet, almost human-like. With long, sprawling hands they seemed to nab at the end of his childhood bed, tugging at the sheets like an invite to come closer. The once innocent and naive child would call out for his mother to come rescue him from the dark.
Loki didn’t think he’d ever get a rescuer like her ever again.
“I was scared of the shadows in the closet, I think. I was such an imaginative kid I used to make up shapes and creatures from them..” He paused, trying to recount his memories
“Now I’m not sure what to think of the monsters under my bed. I don’t know wether to be scared of them or not”
Mobius paused, “If it’s any consolation I still get scared of monsters” he said calmly.
“I don’t think anyone truly rids that fear. But it helps to have somebody to protect you from them”
Loki smiled as he hugged him tighter.
‘Mayhaps Mobius can be my protector. I’d do the same for him, too’
Loki could sense a cold feeling creep up his hands and jaw. It wasn’t a bad feeling, though. It was pleasant. It slowly made its way up his knuckles and stretching out his jawline; like ink being sewn into thin paper. The room was surprisingly warm, but he saw a heater in the living room which may explain it.
Loki was absolutely spent. Exhausted. This feeling was comforting and cold; fridged, almost, but it calmed his nerves in such a nice way it was impossible to try keep it down.
He had barley even realised it until..
“L-Loki, has it gotten colder all of a sudden or..-“
Loki’s eyes fluttered open in answer to Mobius.. But when he looked down at his own hands, resting gently atop the other mans; He was horrified.
The fingertips of his hands were blue. Bright, saturated blue. They looked like they’d been dipped in paint; etching it’s way up his knuckles and palm. He could feel it melting the corners of his face, his shoulders, his hips..
Loki hadn’t transformed into his Jotun form in ages.
And he was terrified.
Pulling back with such force that it made Mobius jump, Loki tried to scramble away from his own skin. His breathing quickened but his mind went foggy with panic. His mouth dried up whenever he tried to take a long breath; But none came. His eyes were about as useful as a torch in a deep void, everything seemed to translate in his brain as a wobbly, misty mess. He couldn’t even tell his own left from his right.
He could only focus on the feeling of his blue Jotun coldness crawling up his skin.
“Not again, not again!!”
His Jotun form only came out in moments of extreme and indescribable emotion.
But that emotion had never expressed itself in anything other than anger or fear.
So that’s what his gut reaction was.
“Loki! Loki, oh dear- You’re so cold..-“
“Mobius please.. Please don’t-“
Mobius gently took Loki’s hands in his own. Squeezing them as gently as he could. He stared into Loki’s eyes with the intent on getting him to focus.
“Mobius please I- I don’t want- To hurt you-“
“But you aren’t, look”
He had to pause. He had to stare at his hands again. They were being held by Mobius’.
They weren’t covered in blood. There wasn’t a stark contrast between red and blue..
Loki suddenly felt embarrassed. Ashamed, even. Almost feeling like vomiting when his mind suddenly crashed back down to earth with such a sudden force it made him sick.
This was twice in a row. Twice.
He felt so bad for Mobius. So, utterly exhausted and spent, as well.
“See? You’re safe. Can you take some deep breathes for me?”
Fearing everything and nothing, Loki did as he was told.
In and out.
In and out.
In and out.
…
Slowly his breathing returned to a normal state.
In and out.
In and out.
The tension in his shoulders and jaw relaxed
In and out
In and out..
After a while it had finally worked.
The blue never left but the anxiety did.
Though, Mobius didn’t seem to mind..
“There we go! I’m so proud of you!”
Mobius smiled. His eyes fluttering occasionally with exhaustion.
Loki felt like he was dreaming. Nobody had ever said they were proud of him. Let alone somebody quite as remarkable as Mobius.
Though, he could tell, there was something else on the agents’ mind.
Once he’d finally found the strength to speak again, Loki finally said;
“Would you, ah, like to look..?” He gestured to his hands. Blue tipped and all. His voice was croaky and raw. But neither cared. Not anymore. He just wanted to focus on anything else than that fear.
A small, barley noticeable smile grew on Mobius’ face- He was clearly biting back the urge to go full-on grin. (Which would obviously be a bit awkward for the moment.)
“It’s quite cute,” he thought- The image of the detectives tired eyes and glowing smile were a lantern in the fog of his mind.
“It’s like the new-biggest discovery for him”
“I-I’m sorry for freaking you out-“
“It’s fine,” The two of them settled back into a jigsaw-like position against one another. Their heads felt like rocks against the pillows. “I’m happy to help whenever. I can’t imagine it wasn’t a shock to you, either..”
He smiled gently.
Mobius’ hand intertwined with Loki’s.. Gently.
So gently, in fact, it almost tickled.
Mobius’ skin was barley a whisper on Loki’s. Going so slow and so carefully that he could feel every hair, every wrinkle and every small callous on his fingers.
Mobius picked his hand up ever so slightly, nervousness growing in his eyes- Like he was holding a baby.
As his eyes scanned over the blue skin, Loki could practically feel his pupils examining every crease and discolouration.
He got that same feeling again. The funny feeling in the shower; The one that told him he was enjoying this. And he was.
Mobius admired him; Mobius found beauty in something he’d viewed his whole life as the ugliest morph in his body.
“I love learning about your Jotun form,” he started softly. As if not to frighten Loki.
“It’s incredible”
He couldn’t answer. But the silence spoke a thousand words.
“Fascinating how it works, truly”
Mobius took the time to heal that sad little boy with nothing but his words and his hands. Not only did he see beauty in Loki’s Jotun form but he showed Loki the beauty in it, too. He was so gentle because he knew Loki was broken. Broken, yes.. But not unfixable.
Mobius grew a bit braver and took the other hand, too. Cupping them with his palm and rubbing his thumbs over the blue.
It was such a stark contrast between the two skin tones; Loki felt insecurity rising in his chest. He was so different to him. So strange and alien.
But Mobius loved that.
He prayed that Mobius loved him, too.
“I love the colour blue..”
Loki blinked up in surprise, the statement seemingly coming out of nowhere. He tried to look for an explanation in the other mans eyes; but they were focused on his hands.
“It’s such a pretty colour. Like the ocean. Or the sky..”
He seemed entranced with the beauty of the colour. His eyes wandered as he thought of what to say next
“It’s such a deep blue, too. I love it”
Loki could feel his chest squeeze. A rock was planted firmly in his throat, pausing all air flow as the two of them made eye contact. Mobius’ hands left his own. And a cold, empty feeling crawled up his skin in replacement.
But Mobius’ face lit a warm glow in his chest that chased away all the negative feelings.
“It makes you look very royal”
“Royal, huh?” Loki responded with a slight hint of mischief in his voice,
“Do you think it’s fit for a king?”
Mobius laughed, reaching out his hand ever so slightly for his face.
“Yes, of coarse,” he said
“Fit for my king, too”
There were no butterflies this time.
No racing thoughts or pounding chests.
There was only closure for Loki. A sense of peace that he’d never found quite as beautiful. It only lasted for a second, yes; but that second was enough.
“..My king?”
Mobius didn’t answer. Loki’s question was rhetorical, anyways. Yet he continued,
“You’re more of a king than I ever could be” Loki didn't mean to sound so cynical. But he meant what he said.
Mobius smiled and shook his head, braving the action of placing his hand against his cheek once again, cupping the slightly blue and pink skin in his palm. Loki’s eyes almost fluttered shut at the sensation and the sudden warmth in his throat.
“I disagree, Loki. Neither of us are fit for king”
He wasn’t a liar. He was honest. Brutally, even. That’s what Loki loved about him.
“Fit for each other, mayhaps?” The god sounded desperate. But maybe it would garner a little sympathy from Mobius. A hint, at least.
“…Mayhaps”
There was a pause. Loki could have fallen asleep right then and there. But there was so much conversation to be had; So much more could be said between the two.
“…Your hands,”
Mobius broke the silence. His voice was barley above a whisper yet there was so much intrigue in it.
“..They’re very cold”
Their eyes met again. Loki tried to gauge what his partner was thinking; yet there seemed to be nothing of an explanation behind those dark eyelashes.
They were so close. So close.
Loki could see each freckle and scar that adorned Mobius’ face. Each small wrinkle and curve indented into his lovely skin that marked a long and healthy life. Loki could feel the other mans breathing on his chest. The warmth from it bought him back to life as the sudden contrast between his cold skin and warm breath felt like a tornado beneath his skin. Tickling his neck hairs and standing them on edge.
“Indeed they are..” Loki swallowed his pride. He could be vulnerable with Mobius.
He could.
“Admittedly neither I nor anyone else is quite fond of the coldness,” He slowly said, careful choosing his next words in fear of imperfection.
“Others have found it too much to handle”
“I’m intrigued,”
Mobius’ smile returned. A question burned the corners of his mouth into a knowing grin; The question certain to surprise the both of them.
“Is all of your skin this cold?”
“Oh yes, it is, but why..?”
“Loki, would you mind if I climbed on top of you for a second?”
Indeed the question threw Loki for a loop. It took his mind a couple seconds to form a sentence of coherent words, let alone process the question itself.
“I- I yes but wh-“
Loki couldn’t even finish his words when Mobius swung his legs around to the other side of the black haired mans’ hips. His elbows were propped on either side as Loki was pinned on his back against the satin sheets; Mobius wasn’t trapping him there, no, but the weight of his chest was certainly holding him down.
Mobius ran a hand up Loki’s shirt- Eyes fixated on the white and stained fabric before very slowly dipping his hand underneath his shirt via the collar. Loki felt his heart quicken when he suddenly became hyper-aware of the other mans’ hand. Every callous, every cut, every bit of skin and every line was felt by Loki.
He was desperate to hold those hands and kiss them ever so gently. Take long walks holding them. Mobius didn’t care about the sharp coldness; He cared about Loki and Loki only.
A kiss on the wrists would have to suffice.
The positioning was a bit awkward, but Mobius still noticed. He smiled gently, his eyes locking back in with Loki’s. He slowly slid his hand out of the mischievous God’s shirt, making his way ghostly up his neck and to cup the bottom of his jawline.
With a heavy sigh, Mobius leaned all his weight against Loki. Slowly, as if to get permission. Which the god was happy to provide, slinging an arm around his bare back.
“You’ll catch a cold if you hug me like that,” Loki chuckled to himself.
Mobius just sighed and rested his chin against his chest. “It’ll give me a reason to take a break”
“Tired?”
“Very”
It didn’t take an idiot to figure that out. Mobius’ eyelids were dropping by the second and his breathing got heavier. Yet he still lie awake for Loki.
…Who was feeling incredibly guilty.
Ever since he was a young boy, Loki was always insecure about how cold his skin was.
Everyone noted it when they went in for a hug or a high five. The insecurity only worsened when he found out he was part frost-giant. Not only did it give explanation but it gave him fear, too. Worry. Anxiety. Anger.
“…Admittedly I’m not a big fan of my cold skin” It felt like a massive weight had been taken off his shoulders. The world seemed to pause and time once again disappeared.
“Really?” Mobius sounded surprised, eyes blinking open almost in shock at the statement. As if the god had just admitted to hating kittens or something.
“But it’s so…”
“Cold? Bitter? Hard to touch?”
“No.”
Mobius’ voice was firm. But not mad. Not mad at all. He never got mad that evening
“It’s like….”
He seemed to struggle to find the words.
Or even good enough words.
Words at all seemed to be hard enough.
“
“It’s like.. You know when you open a window at night.. Everyone’s asleep and it’s just the empty world and you together?”
Loki swallowed thickly, “Quite philosophical, but yes..?”
“And the night wind blows by your face, ever so gently?”
Mobius’ hand has now reached up to cup his cheek. Thumb running over his lips.
“It’s silent besides the trees blowing in the wind.. There’s only the moon as your guide…
“..Or when it’s about to snow, and the air is just that mixture between pleasantly cold and comforting?”
Mobius gave examples. Gorgeous examples. Words fell like a omen from his lips; and his eyes never left Loki’s face as he said all those things. Neither did his hands.
“Like you know you should go rug up warm by a fire with a blanket. But the feeling of the cold is so nice against your skin,”
Mobius leaned into his face. Their noses were almost touching.
‘God he’s so close,’
Loki was at mercy of his thoughts and Mobius’ touch.
‘We could.. I could.. Right now-“
“And you don’t want to run away. You want to embrace it and get closer. The cold feels like home, Loki. You feel like home”
Loki felt like he was going to tear up.
Nobody. Nobody ever had said such beautiful words to him.
Nobody had ever put so much love and care into his mental well-being
Nobody had ever taken his broken shell- His sad, negative mentality on his body, his mind and the world- And turned it into something more gorgeous than words could describe.
Somehow Mobius had done that.
And words couldn’t describe how grateful he was.
But actions could.
And oh, what an action he did.
Mobius closed his eyes and Loki was soon to follow suit.
He was scared of moving.
Scared of chasing away the moment like a bird in the fields.
But Mobius didn’t run away or decline.
He bought his face up to Loki’s and pressed his lips ever so gently as he could against the other’s.
Warm tears still clung to his eyelashes and his mouth was slightly agape. His chest rose and fell with Mobius’, stroking a hand up his neck.
It took a moment for him to really understand what was going on;
But Loki was kissing Mobius.
And by the gods did it feel incredible.
It didn't feel like exploding fireworks; the bright colours and loud noises were too extravagant for the moment. No, it was more like the slow meteor shower that rained outside. Every time a comet disappeared into the darkness of the night sky, a new one would appear. It’s light not strong enough to light up a room like a firework, no- But strong enough to blind a single person most definitely.
Mobius was slow, gentle; he followed Loki’s movements, awkward as they may be. Tilting his head to match his partners angle comfortably. He didn’t go any deeper without permission from Loki’s body, but he was happy to comply when asked. He was almost sleepy in the way he opened his mouth slightly to deepen the kiss; but it was so passionate that there was no denying the intent behind it.
Loki was suddenly hyper-aware of his body. Every hair on edge, every goosebump and small breathe he took was felt under his skin. He was so focused on just making sure he did not mess up his first real kiss.
Surely, it would have been easier for somebody with more experience; Perhaps Mobius had a partner in a different timeline. But Loki’s mind kept threatening to wander when all he wanted to do was focus on how insanely good this felt. He wanted to open his eyes and peek at Mobius’ face- But he knew that would only end in disaster one way or another.
Mobius’ lips weren’t soft, not by any means. But it felt more real that way. Less artificial.
They were cut and rough; chewed and bitten beyond belief, and cut down from their former soft glory. But Loki preferred it that way.
He liked feeling each texture, each cut and crack- He wanted to individually kiss them all if he could. He wanted to individually kiss every freckle and wrinkle and mole on Mobius’ face until he was out of breath.
His lips- and breath- tasted like coffee. The bitter taste of ground coffee beans and cinnamon accompanied by a hint of milk all resonated on his warm lips. It was almost like a blanket of security.
Loki had his coffee order memorised; ingrained into his memory by pure accident.
Double espresso with a spoonful of milk and a sprinkling of cinnamon- He always sprinkled it on by hand. Never trusting the machine to do it correctly for him.
By the gods; Loki couldn’t compare Mobius’ kisses to anything less than a shooting star.
Loki opened his lips up slightly to pull Mobius in deeper. He could feel his partners arms slide up and down his shirt as he kissed softer too.
Loki let his mouth wander slightly- pressing against the corner of Mobius mouth, biting his bottom lip gently, tickling his moustache with his lips; all while letting his hands stroke the thin back hair along Mobius’ skin. His stubble tickled his chin and Loki pressed their chest against his. The warmth from his skin inviting them in closer. Mobius’ eyelashes tickled his flushed cheeks and his nose pressed against the agents skin, all while locked in a heavenly kiss. The sheet of blankets fell loosely onto their laps while they barley sat upright in the bed. Heads fell like lead against the feather-soft pillows beneath them.
Mobius was the first to finally let go of the kiss. He took his time, like he was reluctant for the moment to end. Loki was almost afraid of opening his eyes, in fear of loosing that magical feeling in his chest.
But the second he opened his eyes to come face-to face with Mobius’ handsome, gorgeous, downright beautiful face and expression with pure unbiased adoration for Loki- His Loki-
He absolutely melted.
He could hardly keep a straight face as a bashful, boyish smile tugged at the corner of his mouth. He felt drunk on happiness and sleepy from the adrenaline.
Mobius gave the most absolute heart-melting smile ever to his partner, resting a hand on his shoulder as he encouraged him to shuffle in closer (and shuffle in he did). The detectives eyes were droopy and tired, but he still held that mischievous glimmer in them that captivated Loki immensely.
“There he is, Attaboy” Mobius whispered, pulling Loki in for a hug. Resting his chin on his long, raven-black locks.
The god of mischief hid his smile in the crook of the agents neck, clinging onto him while pressing his face into his skin; taking in the scent of him while Mobius gave out a light, tired chuckle. The vibrations from his chest tickled Loki. There truly was no better place in all the galaxies, timelines and universes than there.
“You’re a lovely kisser, my dear Prince”
“As much as I hate to admit it, so are you”
Mobius huffed light-heatedly in response to Loki’s face heating up from the compliment, pulling his body down so he could rest eye-level with his lover. Their legs were intertwined together and wrapped around each other like vines.
As Loki rested his cheek further down Mobius’ shoulder, he couldn’t help but start to think again- something that he was clearly incapable of doing without somewhat panicking- about a subject matter that was sure to raise some eyebrows.
Or maybe it was in his head.
If there was one thing this evening taught him; is that most of his anxieties and worries had been fictionalised and remained in the realm of his brain.
He ran on fear, adrenaline; he questioned every decision and every act of kindness his whole life. Nobody had calmed him down enough to prove to him that this was all in his head.. So he thought he was correct.
He so wanted to be proven right- His desire to become king and his angry passion for the throne seemed to have tipped all rational logic out of the window during his lifetime.
For the first time in a very, very long while- Somebody had made him question his stance on the world.
Somebody had come in and showed him that the universe was not out to tear through his skin and claw away at the flesh underneath; there was love to be had. Gold and jewels meant nothing to Loki when Mobius pressed a kiss against him.
Loki didint want a throne. He didn’t want a kingdom.
He wanted love. Mobius’ love.
A constant positive reinforcement telling him that everything was going to be OK. Somebody who saw past a hideous monster and kissed the broken skin underneath anew. No insecurities could be cured; but they could be patched with a soft companion.
An aching heart showed through each time they interacted, but Mobius did not care. He gave Loki the unconditional support he needed in the right direction.
Mobius helped Loki heal.
Mobius helped Loki.
That was more than what anyone had ever done for him.
And Loki couldn’t imagine a life without him.
“Loki, dear, what are you thinking about?”
He snapped his eyes open. When had they closed?
“Pardon me?”
“I can tell when you’re thinking,” Mobius’ eyes showed a wisdom that no god could ever replicate. He showed him compassion.
“Your fingers twitch and your grip goes all stiff on me” Mobius said matter-of-factly.
Loki let out a somewhat forced laugh
“Excu-se me, I do not twitch my fingers when I think”
“Yes you do. Even worse if you have a pen in your hand you tap it on the table as loudly as you can”
He couldn’t help but chuckle with embarrassment. It was true. Loki did tap the table with a pen over and over and over and over again whenever he was lost in thought.
“Sure, but the grip part most certainly isn’t true”
“I assure you it is”
Mobius kissed him on the forehead; it made Loki’s chest flutter. It felt so… Domestic.
He loved it.
“What’s on your mind? You can tell me anything, I promise”
“You’ve said this twice now,” Loki’s voice hung awkwardly in his throat. It didn't sound right to him- Or maybe, again, he was overthinking things.
“I know, but I just want you to know it”
Mobius ran a hand through his long hair. Untangling the black locks with his fingers as gently as he possibly could, taking his time to smooth it back out.
Loki melted into his touch, and like a charged battery; His power switch had been turned back on and his courage was soon to follow.
He finally came out and said what had been plaguing his mind. Awkwardly, at first, mind you.
“Mobius I know you’re dedicated to the TVA,”
“Of coarse?”
“But..”
Loki stopped himself.
How was he supposed to word this?
What Loki wanted more in life was a domestic future with Mobius.
A cottage on the beach. A simple day to day job. A dog. A Jet-Ski. Summer days spent in the ocean soaking up the sun. Winter evenings curled up by a fire.
Loki wanted a real life with Mobius. Not one carved by the ever-growing curse that was the future. Not one binded by rules and by a strict dogma. But a future where they could be themselves. Truly.
“…Promise you won’t laugh at me?”
“What? No! I would never! I’m slightly offended you think I would, actually”
Loki finally braved up the courage. One last time.
‘If Mobius could make me blush than so can I”
Loki wanted to take in every second of Mobius’ beauty before speaking, though. And that he did. With hoarse throat, he began;
“Mobius, I want a domestic life with you. A real life. Just an average, normal, nuclear-family with you.”
One special trait about Loki is that when he started speaking; there was no stopping.
Outside of this damned dictation that’s this TVA. Mobius, I want to see you truly live- Truly love. I- I want to be the person you laugh with and sing with and make coffee in the morning with on a simple summer afternoon. I want you to teach me how to ride a Jet-Ski for goodness sake. I want to walk outside and feel the fresh air but have nothing to do. Nothing to do except, I don’t know, like- Love you? Be with you? Just, exist with you? In a simple timeline?”
Loki was finally hitting his breaking point where words did not flow quite as smoothly. He stammered his way through sentences yet Mobius listened. No judgment, no impatience; he took on every single word Loki had to say.
He finally took a gulp of air. ‘Was I holding my breath the whole time?”
“I-I don’t know what I’m trying t-to say anymore, I guess I just-“
“I understand,”
Mobius’ voice was so soft. His smile was contagious and his eyes were beyond comforting.
Loki felt safe. He felt praised, he felt loved.
“I’d love nothing more than that, Loki. The TVA- The Timekeepers, whoever- Damn them all. I want a life with you too. I love you so, so much, Loki. You’re easily the greatest-”
“And most handsome?”
“-And most handsome-“
“And most loving?”
“Now you’re just playing with me” Mobius gave a teasing smirk. Loki chuckled
“You’re the most greatest thing that’s ever happened to me, Loki. I love you”
“As are you, Dear Mobius. I love you, too”
No more words where needed that evening.
Basking in the warm, orange glow that cast from the city-like lights from the TVA buildings hidden behind the curtains, the two men huddled in each other’s arms. Sharing one last kiss before sleep embraced them. Cherishing the moment, Loki was reluctant to let his mind slip away from him. Mobius’ chest rising and falling was enough of an indicator that the other man had already fallen into a deep slumber; So Loki complied. His eyes fluttered shut against Mobius’ skin, and with certainty that he was going to not only have a restful sleep, but have Mobius by his side when he woke up- Loki finally drifted off into his dreams.
—
(Later)
The sun took its time to reach past the mountains of tall structures to shine through the- infamously ugly- curtains to set Mobius’ room aglow. But when it did, Loki was the first one to notice.
He never particularly enjoyed the sun, no; It made his skin crawl and his eyes burn. Alas the sudden warmth creeping over his face was like a soft wake-up call. Passively forcing him to open his eyes just enough to peek past his partners shoulder.
The curtains swayed gently, though there was no breeze. An old, seemingly broken decor cuckoo clock ticked away endlessly. It’s handle never moving past the ‘6’.
Mobius was still fast asleep. His heavy breathing almost close to snoring as his eyelids stuck stiffly closed.
Loki was absolutely enamoured watching Mobius sleep. He looked so peaceful; so relaxed. It was odd seeing him this comfortable and at peace with himself.
If he could, Loki would give all the time in the world to Mobius- Just to see him as relaxed and happy as he was now.
He dreaded going back into the office. Endless rows of desk after desk after desk featuring nothing but stacks of paper, regarding every moment in time from every galaxy and planet known to mankind and beyond. Mobius always looked stiff and alert back there. He had his guard up and his demeanour remained somewhat cold. Even when he was on the more ‘chill’ side of the workplace, he had his armour up (metaphorical, of coarse)
A vast comparison to the loving man Loki had grown to have known the past evening.
He didn’t want to loose that man he ever so loved to a continuous office job. The end never seeming to appear.
Loki lifted his hand gingerly up to Mobius’ face. The agent had done it all the same to him- So why was it so hard for Loki to repeat that same action?
Nervousness and embarrassment threatened to snatch his hand back away again. But Loki refused to fall under the guise of his anxious mind.
He cupped Mobius’ cheek as gently as he possibly could manage, to the point where he was barley grazing the skin on some areas. His fingertips tingled and stung as he become hyper-aware of his own hands.
Loki wasn’t used to this. He wasn’t sure how he was supposed to feel.
But even still, he ran his thumb along the bottom of his eyes, careful not to graze his eyelashes. He took his time admiring Mobius’ sleeping face as he did.
Loki almost wanted to just fall back asleep again, staring at his lover doing so. As the sunshine fell over half of Mobius’ face, he couldn’t help but notice how the shadows accentuated his most beautiful features. His nose, his freckles, his cheeks, his moles; Loki was fallen head-over-heels for his looks as much as his personality, that part was true.
Out of pure impulse, Loki leaned up to kiss him.
Sure, it might have been a bit awkward, especially since Mobius was fast asleep and could not reciprocate it; But Loki didn’t do much. He just gave a light peck on his lips. As much as he wanted to straddle him and absolutely just make out with him- Consent was the most important. And, of coarse, Mobius was asleep.
But once Loki had let go of the kiss, the agents eyes suddenly fluttered open. He was slow, too, taking his time adjusting to the bright sun. But once his vision focused, and the first thing he saw was Loki; Mobius couldn’t help but smile.
Finally, a smile meant for him.
“Good morning, Mobius”
“Hmmpph, Mornin’ Lokes.. Thanks for the wake-up call”
“Anytime, dear”
Loki had never heard his name be converted into a nickname before, but he quite liked it, surprisingly. It made him feel special.
Mobius yawned and lifted up his arms to stretch. His muscles tightening as he let out a satisfied, sleepy sigh. He let his arms go limp around Loki’s shoulders once again, propping his head up to look him in the eye.
“‘Didja sleep alright?” His voice was gravely and rough, still recovering from being woken up.
“I did indeed, as did you I assume?”
Mobius gave out a sleepy laugh, “Don't play that pompous game with me Lokes. You know I sleep like a cat”
“A handsome cat,” Loki corrected him, swatting away a stray hair from his face.
Mobius was most definitely a heavy sleeper. His moustache and hair were all ruffled and pointing in all different directions, and his face was slightly smushed from laying against the pillow all night. His eyelids still remained hooded but a big, goofy smile was plastered on his face.
“Mmm, oh dear, what’s the time love?”
“What do you mean?” Loki playfully answered back
“We have nowhere to be”
“You don’t, maybe,” Mobius grumbled. He clearly didn’t wanna get up off the pillow; Both Loki and the blanket were warm and comforting.
“But I have work to do”
“Mmmmm, Not if I keep you here longer”
Mobius laughed again, raising an eyebrow jokingly-disapprovingly
“Oh-hoh, really? How are you gonna do that, Mr. Silvertongue?”
“Like this”
Loki swung a leg over Mobius’ hips and pulled him into a trapping hug with his arms wrapped around his neck. He kissed Mobius, albeit awkwardly; and forced him back down onto the bed.
The agent giggled against Loki’s lips, and although efforts where made to kiss him back, Mobius couldn’t quite stop smiling. Loki didn’t mind in the slightest though- He was just glad that he played along with his trick.
After finally pulling back, Loki joined Mobius in a fit of giggles, unable to keep the moment even somewhat serious.
“You sir, are a sneaky little trickster, you know that, right?”
“Oh yes I knoww, and you love it”
Mobius kissed him on the top of his head, giggles subsiding even just for a second.
“You know I do”
“…Sooo will you stay for a few more minutes?”
“Loki!”
Mobius burst out laughing, playfully swatting at his arm. They were terrible at keeping the moment serious in the mornings, apparently
“Awwe come on, agent! Can’t my favourite big, strong, rough-and-tough detective stay for just a bit longer?”
“OK now you’re just teasing me- No! No don’t give me those puppy-dog eyes!”
The god of mischief gave him a terrible impression of big, dog eyes- But the illusion was shattered when Mobius lay his chin atop his head and let out a long sigh.
A few seconds of silence hung in the air.
“..Fine. I’ll stay”
Mobius sounded tired.
“I could use a bit of a sleep-in.”
Loki smiled a big, toothy grin. “Oh how I love being right”
“What am I going to tell Renslayer when I pull up late to work?”
Loki thought for a moment, before pulling him back down to playfully kiss his nose
“That the most handsome and smartest and powerful god ever has forced you into his chamber and now you’re stuck?”
“…Suuuure” Mobius said sarcastically.
“Let’s go with that.”
Loki hummed in satisfaction, pressing his face against Mobius’ chest once more. The scent of his skin was a now familiar and homely smell to him.
“Just five more minutes..” Mobius mumbled sleepily, his eyes already fluttering shut. Neither of them bothered to set a timer on the bedside clock (A much more digital one than the cuckoo clock hanging on the wall)
With a kiss to his shoulder, Loki grinned and followed suit in closing his eyes again in a more comfortable position.
“Five more minutes”
“I love you, Loki.”
“I love you too, Mobius”
The end
Ashe is silent. Not of his own will, but because his senses are completely unclear to him. He feels no sense of existence, but is also aware that there is something of him existing. He is conscious, but no thoughts enter his mind. His sense of consciousness simply wanders.
Death. As the concept entered his mind, he began to feel again.
A sense of touch was slowly regained as he struggled to move what seemed to be his hand, feeling something empty yet cold. It wasn’t ice nor wind, it was something not physical at all. His sense of smell came to him next. A sweet smell surrounded him, but sweet to the point where it made him feel sick. He guessed it was an aroma of candy, of plain sugar, or of desserts… possibly all three. In tune with his sense of smell, he could taste a faint sugar on his tongue, as if the specks of sugar had been floating in the space he inhabited for some time.
The last two senses took some time to return to him, the two that he deemed most connected to his sense of being conscious, despite how alive his other senses were. His sight — simply a blurry mess of saturated blues, greens, pinks, and yellows — returned gradually. The bright, vivid colors he could make out accompanied his previous observations of sugar and candy, sickeningly sweet and sickeningly bright.
Finally, his hearing returned to him. The first words he heard were in an unfamiliar voice.
“Oho, looks liiiiiiike this one’s awaaaaake!” A feminine, high-pitched voice laughed. Ashe turned his head to the sight of the girl. She had lime green hair and bright red eyes. “The name’s Lime! No need to introduce yourself to me, don’t ya worry! I know your face very well… the face that truly knows hell.”
Lime winks while pointing a finger at the still-recovering body of Ashe. Ashe attempted to move, but he immediately shuddered when he pushed a palm down onto the cold floor tiles.
“Gah…!” Ashe groaned in pain. He shook from the sudden stress of his body as the palm not on the floor reached towards his head. “Why… does…?”
“Oh, still recovering, huh? Darn, the fragility of humans is disappointing!” Lime laughed, her high-pitched voice only seeming like an annoying alarm in Ashe’s mind. “Then again, a bullet went straight through your brain! That kind of physical pain must be sooooooo bad, right?”
A bullet…? Ashe closed his eyes as he tried to remember. The pain of his head was too distracting, but he had to remember. He forced himself through the excruciation as he recalled the moments before his death. A bullet, a gun, a man holding a gun… Wilardo. Wilardo shot him.
“Oh my! You’re so deep in thought! Maybe your brain’s damage is still affecting you, nyahaha!” Lime chuckled as she imitated a gunshot to her head, her index finger pointed at her head. “Oh, but why don’t I join ya? It’s not fuuuuun being all alone in such terrible pain!”
Ashe grunted as he opened his eyes, the girl’s voice distracting him from his thought process. He narrowed his eyes as she mentioned joining him. He considered what she meant, but his curiosity was answered quickly. Lime hummed for a few seconds, a gun appearing in her hand from seemingly out of nowhere. Before he could question the impossibility, Lime aimed the gun to her head and-
BAM.
“Wh…?!” Ashe’s eyes widened when blood spewed from where the girl had just stood. His previous thought process completely shut down as he tried to comprehend what just happened. The girl just shot herself, falling to the floor, and blood was everywhere. He couldn’t under-
“Damn! Not even close!” Lime sighed, what Ashe had thought was a corpse now slowly forcing herself up. “Your death was pathetic! An instant shot in the head is such a luuuuucky way to go out. You’re pathetic.”
Lime walked closer to Ashe, he paralyzed from both confusion and fear. Even his breathing seemed to be slow.
“I don’t wanna go through all that boring nonsense of you doubting the situation, so lemme get through it quick!” Lime winked, poking Ashe’s nose before she stood up. She placed one hand behind her back and one on the side of her head, as if to imitate a teacher.
“You tried to stab a blue-haired dumbass after stabbing Sirius, then as a dumbass yourself, you got shot by that Wilardo guy!” Lime explained. “It’s fun to see you dying for once, honestly! It’s pathetic that you seem to live so much with minimal pain.”
“Dying for once…?” Ashe raised a brow. This girl must be insane or trying to make him feel insane, but… he clearly remembered being shot. “Who…?”
“Who am I? Told ya that already. Did your ears get ripped off or are you just that stupid?” Lime smiled as she stared wide-eyes at Ashe. “I’m a demoooon! One of those in charge of the contract that made the Witch’s Heart possible.”
As soon as Lime said ‘Witch’s Heart’, something sparked in Ashe’s mind. A vague memory of a stranger beside him… a similar voice. He backed away slightly.
“You…” Ashe growled. “What is this place? If I’m dead, wouldn’t that mean I couldn’t breath, move, or do anything I’m doing now?”
Ashe’s sight had become much clearer within the last few minutes. The sugar and candy all around him were noticeable, so it was likely that it was some kind of space created by Lime.
“Nyahaha!” Ashe’s statement seemed to be hilarious to Lime, but he only sighed at the noise. “Demons can extend the line between death and life, y’know! I died centuries ago and I just shot myself in the brain, but despite aaaall that I’m still talking!”
Lime leaned down to Ashe, staring down at him. He was still sitting on the floor, too much movement causing the pain he experienced to be revived.
“Oh, don’t you know? I go through hell every single day. I burn and burn and burn and yet I’m still here.” Lime stared directly into his eyes. She smiled. “You died, but even so, I brought you here. I wanted to talk. I wanted to talk about your hell.”
“My hell…?” Ashe’s thoughts were starting to connect in a single line. Usually, the frantic thoughts becoming more linear would be a sign of relief, but it was a mere realization. “I died, and… I failed them. I failed them, didn’t I? I failed them and I’ll never see them again. I failed them!”
“Oh, I dearly missed that face. That pathetic face of yours.” Lime smiled, but it was only a smile of hatred. She loathed him and despised him. She loathed him for what he had. “You failed them, but is that really so bad?”
“What?!” Ashe yelled at the girl. Of course it was bad. Of course it was a terrible thing. Of course he failed them. There was no question about that.
“You’re pathetic. You’re weak and pathetic and a fool.” Lime still smiled. “You had a family. You had people who were there for you.”
“Shut up.” Ashe didn’t want to listen to this. He knew all too much about how much they gave to him. “Shut up!”
“You hate to hear the truth, don’t you?!” Lime’s smile began to shake, but she still smiled. “You had everything I didn’t. You had everything I didn’t!”
Lime put a hand on Ashe’s chin, bringing her face closer to his. She glared at him.
“You’re pathetic. Your sob story is pathetic. Your family died, but you know how many people go through such a typical experience?” Lime still smiled, even through all the deep hatred seething through her words. “Your face knows hell, but you know… expressions are limited. You are fragile and weak and you will never live up to me. You do not know the true extent of hell, and yet you’re willing to do anything to get back to the happiness you had.”
Lime’s fingers dug into his skin. Ashe couldn’t move. It felt like if she dug any deeper, blood would seep from the wounds.
“I never had any happiness to go back to!” Lime’s smile finally fell. Parts of her skin grew damaged as she yelled, and Ashe started shaking. The air around her had a rising temperature, and in mere moments, fire began to grow from nothing.
Fire. Lime’s green hair and charred skin in the amber lights brought only a sense of pain as Ashe recalled familiar nightmares he had many times before.
“N-No! Lilia, I know I failed you! Lilia, I-“ Ashe stared into the eyes of Lime, but the malicious hatred in her eyes didn’t appear like that to Ashe. Her eyes, to Ashe, screamed resentment and longing, as if blaming him. Ashe’s breathing grew heavy as he tried to back away to no avail. He couldn’t move. “No…”
Lime’s hands moved down from Ashe’s chin to his throat all while he felt water run down his cheeks. His shaking didn’t stop when Lime closed her fingers around his throat and put force onto his skin. He tried to speak out, but it only brought more pain to him.
“I’m sooooo lucky you’re already dead.” Lime’s giggle echoed as the only audible thing he could focus on. Ashe consciously blocked out the feeling of his own gasps of pain and the fire that slowly creeped closer to his feet. “Suffer, exactly as I have. Suffer to the fullest extent possible!”
Lime’s grasp on his throat became more and more forceful as Ashe’s senses started to abandon him once again.
“Lime, you probably shouldn’t go too far.” A voice called out from behind Lime. Ashe could barely make out the voice. “Claire is dead. Noel’s gonna discover the body soon, so Rouge might consider this a rule breaker if she finds out. We probably have a short amount of time before it starts again.”
“Charlie… fiiiiine!” Lime dramatically sighed whilst his hands moved away from Ashe. Ashe couldn’t understand anything that had happened, but all he could understand was the negative feelings towards him. “This was fun, Ashe. Seeing you suffer is so, so delightful! Maybe next time you’ll die even sooner.”
‘Next time?’ confuse him. Ashe took deep, shaky breaths as he struggled to stay conscious. His vision faded in and out as Lime’s voice seemed to grow farther and farther away, her footsteps being the only thing he could recognize. However, he couldn’t tell if she had fully walked away or was just a few feet from him. Ashe thought about what her hatred for him might be, what the apparent ‘next time’ meant.
“Noel…” Ashe weakly called out. The sudden disappearances, suspicious behavior, and more… Noel was clearly hiding something, but Ashe didn’t know what it was. If deaths kept being repeated, did that mean Noel was behind it? “Lime… I have a question.”
“Oh? Whatcha got for me?” Lime tapped her chin with an exaggerated surprise, her high-pitched voice somehow becoming higher. Ashe was glad he wasn’t just calling out for nothing.
“How many times… have I died…? How many times have I failed…?” Ashe weakly asked. He coughed, but he still had to know. He needed to know, even if he might not remember in the future. He needed to know if he ever succeeded in saving his family.
“Probably like… a hundred or so? Sirius has killed you a few times, Wilardo every once in awhile, but even then… the deaths were so, so bland.” Lime sighed, cupping her cheek as she did. “Oh! But you’ve failed every single time!”
“Wh…?” Ashe gasped in surprise. That wasn’t possible. He knew it had to be possible to bring them back. If it wasn’t, all of these years of doing rituals, of researching, of convincing himself that everybody was simply a stranger…
“Useless.” Lime sighed, taking a few steps towards Ashe. “Didn’t you ever consider that the Witch’s Heart, controlled by beings who only seek negativity… would only grant negative wishes? Dumbass.”
“No…” Ashe’s bruises around his throat and the pain in his head hurt physically, but somehow, the realization hurt even more. No matter what he did, no matter what he tried, it was all… for nothing?
“Nyahaha! Such a shame that I only get to see this face for a short time, y’know!” Lime’s bored sigh was replaced with an energetic laughter, something Ashe grew used to within the last few minutes or hours. Maybe even days. Ashe couldn’t tell if time passed anymore. “But you’ve found that out time and time again… too bad! Sometimes, I even consider letting you know that early on just to see your face… but that would just ruin the fun in the long run!”
Lime placed her arms around Ashe. Ashe didn’t understand, but the hug seemed somehow… sympathetic. Despite this girl yelling at him with complete hatred moments before, this hug was a comfortable discomfort. It was a feeling Ashe could barely describe. It was made even more indescribable by his senses seeming to conflict with each other… his eyes saw only the bright fantasy world created by Lime, but he only smelled the fire and smoke that had been there moments before. He had no words.
Lime leans towards Ashe’s ear, her mouth right next to it. She grins while speaking.
“Welcome to hell, Ashe.”
The whole room was silent and enveloped in shadows - the only source of light emanating from the television across the way. Shiki and Weisz sat on the couch set in front of the screen, kept to themselves but still close enough to feel each other's warmth. Eyes glued to the screen, they shoved popcorn in their mouths waiting for the next big event to happen.
The picture itself was quiet and dim, as the character on screen carefully trudged down an eerie hallway, unaware they were being pursued by some paranormal creature.
"Ugh this is kind of predictable," 
  Weisz rolled his eyes and dove back into the bowl of popcorn sitting on his lap. He briefly glanced over at Shiki, who was watching intensely - a shred of fear in his eyes. 
    "Of course it's getting to him. I should have known."
Just then, the screen flashed as the creature pounced on the unsuspecting character - causing Shiki to let out a terrified yelp as he himself pounced on Weisz.
"Really, Shiki?"
"Sorry I couldn't help it!"
"You almost sent my popcorn flying," the blond rubbed his temples and sighed, "we would have been cleaning up all night."
The boy pouted, "Well it scared me! And besides, your popcorn is fine, silly."
"Fair enough," Weisz shut his eyes and allowed himself a small smile. Shiki was somehow always so animated and vibrant. 
    "What the hell, he's so cute without even trying."
The boy wrapped his arms around Weisz and snuggled up against him, "I won't be as scared if we sit nice and close, though!"
"Oh?"
"Yeah," he leaned in and kissed the blond's cheek, "Scary things aren't all that scary if you're right beside me. We'll keep each other safe!"
Weisz's face grew warm at the comment. Shiki certainly wasn't wrong on that one. There wasn't another person in any of the seven cosmos that Weisz felt safer around. That was proven time and time again over the years they'd known each other.
"Sure will," his eyes twinkled with admiration. He placed his own arm around the boy, holding him tight. Being cuddled next to Shiki was both cozy and reassuring, no better feeling in the universe. "Anyways, let's get back to the movie before we miss anything important."
Shiki nodded eagerly, and they turned back to the screen in front of them. However, ironically, Weisz found himself completely unable to focus on the film - as his attention was now affixed to something even more captivating.
It was a rainy day in a village, and a plague doctor was making his way across a small, emptying village. Unconventional experiments to further his medicine and offer better services had people deny doing business with him, and today it had been closed doors for him all around. He was losing hope in the art of medicine that was his calling.
One bad day would have been something to overcome, but those days piled up into weeks, then months… Only those struck by the plague allowed desperately for the beak-masked man to care for them. He sighed deeply, slowly walking, already drenched from the heavy rain. At least he still managed to sell his herbs to people who wanted them…
There was a cry, a lonely sound underneath all the drumming of the rain, and the doctor perked up, turning his head from side to side. He was sure he had not imagined it…
Maybe someone was hurt? No matter whatever happened, it was his duty and calling to help anyone battle their ailments, and heal them so they could continue living their worryless lives. While he slaved away for nothing in particular…
The cries got louder, and the doctor was sure it was that of a child's… no, baby’s. He swallowed deeply, hoping he was wrong. Who would leave an infant out in a storm like this?
Water falling down his mask and even hitting his eyes, clouding his vision, the doctor continued towards the drowned out cries, until he found a small pigpen attached to one of the homes. No lights inside the home - he assumed all the people were away, or resting due to bad weather.
There, in the pigpen, lying near one of the large creatures, was a small basket with a blanket partially covering it. Gasping out as he realized what it was, the doctor didn’t hesitate opening the fence and getting inside, walking across the hay and mud, his boots making loud splashing sounds on the dirty puddles. As he finally crouched over the basket, gloved hand carefully pulling the blanket back, he was greeted by a reddened face of a baby.
The infant continued her crying, flailing her tiny hands, and the doctor didn’t hesitate scooping her up, taking off his capelet even to wrap around the baby and the blanket, effectively making a cocoon. His amber eyes were full of warmth and frankly, sorrow, as he held the child against himself, hunching a little to shield her from the rain.
He had no plan on what to do. Take her to an orphanage after the storm was over? Return to this small village to ask people about the possible parents?
The only thing he knew what to do, was to get somewhere warm. If the baby got sick due to this godforsaken weather, he was scared to see if he could heal the little person by himself.
‘’I’m sorry, little one,’’ he gently told the small bundle in his arms, as he tried to hurry his way down the road. ‘’We’ll be inside you, you’ll be alright…’’
The baby stopped crying, and the doctor was surprised, but grateful. And it was only then that he realized that the rain was easing up. No longer loud drumming on the gravel by the raindrops or the giant gusts of wind, but instead… serenity.
Drenched from head to toe, he held the infant and took a glance upwards, sun hiding behind a few clouds, before the rays of light were upon the earth again. He stood there in awe, as if something magical had just happened - perhaps it was so, he couldn’t really tell.
But the moment the baby in his arms let out a sound, he stopped walking and looked down at the bundle in worry. The small child now sleeping calmly, breathing through her tiny nose as the bird-masked man looked down upon her.
‘’You are a blessed child,’’ he softly said to the baby, shoulders slumping a little, before he made his way down the road, through the forest past.
There, amongst the trees, by the roadside, stood his humble home with his small garden and the fence surrounding the yard. Carefully opening the gate, balancing the sleeping child in his other arm, he made his way to his house. Fumbling a few moments with contents in his pocket to reach for the key, he finally got indoors.
The first thing he did, without caring for the small puddles his wet clothes left as he walked, was searching for blankets and fabrics to cover the child with. Replacing her own wet blanket and his borrowed capelet with a quilt and one of his jackets, he finally sat down with the infant in his arms.
One arm slowly throwing a few logs into the fireplace, he just hummed to himself in thought.
The storm was over, yes… Perhaps he should head back… Or maybe he should keep the baby for a day or two in case she gets a fever…
Ah, he had no idea. Then again, the child was found in the pigpen, in a basket - it was quite possible that the parents had left her like that, just because they didn’t want her anymore…
He frowned a little as he reached forward, awkwardly lighting the fireplace, tiny bundle resting up against him still.
Unwanted child…
‘’No…,’’ he slowly murmured, ‘’you’re not unwanted. I’ll keep you safe…’’
Perhaps it was because of his voice, or from the heat of the flames near them both, but the infant opened her mouth in a small yawn - before a cry escaped from her. The doctor gasped a little, trying to take a better position and cradling the child against his chest.
‘’There, there, little one… You’re not cold, are you?’’ he tried to assure her, but when the crying continued, he got to his feet and started gently bouncing the bundle. ‘’Please, you’re warm now… Or maybe you’re hungry, yes? Oh, I don’t know…’’
Continuing holding her as his panic rose, when he decided to try something. Holding the baby close, he started to sing a song from years ago. Something, that he can clearly recall his mother singing, whenever he went to bed.
And as the song went on, the child quieted down too, resting her cheek against her caretaker’s shoulder. Drifting off again, the doctor finally managed a smile.
It was going to be alright.

~~~

‘’Papa! Where do you want these?’’
The doctor smiled at his little girl, who held up some seeds for him to inspect. She was always helping him with his garden, him selling all medicinal plants whenever the time was right. And this year was the first time his daughter would join him for the marketplace.
A bustling village wasn’t safe in the doctor’s eyes, as he didn’t want his precious child to be hurt, but after countless begging, he had promised that she may accompany him.
‘’Under the window,’’ he instructed, pointing towards the house with a small smile. ‘’Those will grow into beautiful flowers.’’
‘’Okay, papa!’’
And so the child went off, gently patting down seeds on the dirt, before covering them up and getting up again.
‘’Hurry up, papa! Flowers are thirsty!’’
The doctor got up from where had picked the last few of his herbs, and approached the child with a small watering can. He was about to pour the water, when his little girl suddenly asked him to stop. ‘’What is it, little one?’’
‘’Can I water the flowers?’’ she asked, looking up at him with those big, shining eyes.
‘’You may, but it might be a little heavy for you…,’’ he started, but when the girl was starting to pout, he quickly added, ‘’but I can help you hold it!’’
Together, they watered the seeds, before the doctor gathered his things and announced that it was time to visit the village. His child quickly took a hold of his hand, and he tenderly squeezed it before they left their humble home.
When they reached the village, the little girl was always fascinated by anything and everything she saw around her. Watching as the carriages were moving around, with mighty horses pulling them along, as well as all the tasty treats that were to be sold, she was in awe.
As the doctor was preparing to sell off his plants, and having to let go of his daughter’s hand, he turned towards the child to say: ‘’Stay near me, and don’t wander away.’’
‘’Okay, papa.’’
And so he could finally sell his things onwards, while the tiny girl kept near him, bouncing on her heels a little as the world around her revolved. At first she did as she was asked, just standing there beside her father…
‘’Wait for me!’’
But eventually she spotted a group of children, running down the street while spinning their little wheels with long sticks. Laughing and shouting as they went by, the little girl’s eyes lit up and she followed them. Bumping into some people, causing them to tell her to watch where she’s going, she rushed down the road, hearing the sounds of children becoming quieter.
She turned to look around, confused on whenever they had gone, when a horse started neighing somewhere behind her. She turned around, greeted by the sight of a carriage quickly heading down the street, people jumping out of its way in panic.
‘’You, girl! Move!’’
She would have been hit by the large creature, if not for her being grabbed and tackled down onto the side of the street, as the carriage continued on its way, the one inside it shouting insults at the child for being in the way.
The girl whined in pain at where her head had hit the street, and when she got up, she realized that her father was holding her, clearly out of breath. Amber eyes almost panicked as he scanned over his child, palming both sides of her face as he asked if she was alright.
And when there was no harm done to her, aside from the little bump to her head, he grasped her shoulders and sternly asked: ‘’What did I say about staying near? You were going to get hurt!’’
She knew that, and ashamed, she lowered her head. Did her father hate her now? Was he not going to take her to the marketplace again because of what she had done?
‘’I’m sorry, papa…,’’ she simply said, lip quivering and her eyes watering.
She was engulfed in a hug, the warm cloak around him engulfing her as he held her close, whispering: ‘’Thank God you’re alright…’’
Stronger than the feeling of anger was the relief that came over the doctor as he embraced his daughter. And after the incident, she had asked him: ‘’Papa, are you angry?’’
He was looking through some fabrics, and he had glanced down at her, warmth present in his eyes. ‘’My child, I was scared that something had happened to you. And if I had not noticed you gone, it would have been too late…’’
The little girl poked her index fingers together, but her head snapped up as her father showed her a simple ribbon. Buying it and some other little things for her to wear, the doctor and his child started to walk down the road to their home.
And as the sun was setting down behind the hills, and the girl had fallen asleep on her father’s piggyback, he simply was grateful that his precious child wasn’t taken away.
The one good thing this life had given him, she was the thing he treasured the most.

~~~

‘’I’m being courted!’’
The pot full of soup was dropped onto the floor, the hot liquid spilling over the floor, the carpet, as well as one shocked doctor, who jumped backwards with a yelp. His daughter, now grown into a wonderful lady, rushed forward in concern.
‘’Are you alright, papa?! I’m so sorry!’’
The doctor patted his pants on where the soup had spilled, breathing in deeply as he tried to digest the information his daughter had given just a few moments ago. ‘’You’re… Someone is… courting you?’’
‘’Yes, papa,’’ the daughter told him, grabbing a nearby rag so she could clean up the mess she accidentally caused. Wiping the soup from the wooden floor, her cheeks flushed a little. ‘’I met him at the fair, we bumped into each other and…’’
Her father dropped down to his knees besides her, absentmindedly wiping at the remains of what would have been dinner that day, not really paying attention to what his daughter was saying anymore. The word ‘courting’ repeated itself in his head, eventually changing into ‘engagement’... and then ‘marriage’.
His throat tightened for a brief moment. His little girl was all grown up, and about to settle down with… some man he had no idea about.
‘’Papa?’’
He froze at the touch of her hand resting on his shoulder, just calming his breathing as he couldn’t quite bring himself to look her in the eye. If he did, he would have just seen the little girl he had raised for so many years. The miracle that caused him to find something that was lost to him before that one stormy day.
Happiness.
‘’Papa? Please, say something’’ she begged, growing incredibly concerned as she saw his crestfallen expression. Was it because of her news? ‘’Papa…’’
The doctor finally looked up, a little low-spirited as he dared to meet her gaze… and he couldn’t help but hold out his arms and pull her to him for a hug.
‘’Let me see him first, little one,’’ he finally said, breaking the silence and thus lifting the tense atmosphere in the room by just a bit. ‘’Please, I don’t want you -’’
‘’I know, papa,’’ his daughter replied cheerfully, returning the hug and resting her cheek on his shoulder, cuddling into the warmth of his robes. ‘’But he is a good man - I’m sure you’ll love him just like I do!’’

~~~

As it turns out, the doctor had no need to worry. Not at all. Meeting his daughter’s suitor was an anxiety-inducing thought for him at first - not because he didn’t want to meet him, but he was afraid that his daughter had fallen in love with someone the doctor wasn’t going to approve of. He hated when he had to be so strict with her, even if it was for her own good.
Over the years, they had some small arguments - both of them had been wrong over and over again, and sometimes the fights ended with the slamming of a door and the daughter hiding under her blankets. But her father had always come in after knocking, come nighttime and thus time for the usual lullaby to come - she really loved that song - and brought her just something to eat before bed.
It didn’t matter who was wrong or right, they always made up right away. Daughter crying against her father, bawling her eyes out, as he warmly hugged her back, patient smile on his features. That’s how it always was.
And the day he did meet the suitor, he was somewhat relieved to see just a normal man from the nearby village, a bit clumsy and easily flustered - the doctor could see why his daughter thought the man was ‘cute’. It had been a nice visit, and even his daughter had been relieved to see her father accepting the man.
Given the doctor’s blessing, the couple continued happily seeing each other, and even thinking about raising a family together. The doctor felt loneliness in his heart and the yearning that existed before he had something, someone to protect, but he showed a brave face to his daughter.
It only ever left him when she told him hesitantly, before the wedding day, that she was going to move away with her would-be-husband.
This time it was the father leaving the room, sitting down on his bed in melancholy, not hearing for the pleas of his daughter. He was alone, behind a closed door, and he could hear her steps as well as see her shadow move nearby, but not once did she knock.
He could feel her presence behind the door, and wanted to open it and forgive, but he was too upset. He wasn’t supposed to be like this. He was the one who raised her. The one who always showed her love and protection.
He shouldn’t have expected her to return the favor…
Her shadow left from under the door, and he finally lay down on his back. The small home was in silence, and he took it as a sign that his only daughter had left him. Abandoned him for the sake of her own happiness.
His fist hit the wall next to him, and suddenly he was angry at himself. He was her father! Tomorrow was going to be the most important day in her life, and here he was being upset over being left alone. It shouldn’t be about him - it never was. His little girl deserved the world, and he shouldn’t be the one to stop her from reaching her own happy life.
And as he rushed back up, just managing to sit up, the shadow returned. There was a gentle rap at the door, and the doctor managed to smile. And when his daughter came inside the room, holding a small tray with two cups of tea, he realized that he needed to let her go.

~~~

The doctor was tending to his garden in silence, picking up new herbs and some flowers inside. It was a day like no other… well, before he found the baby. Just him in his humble home, staying recluse until it was time to do his rounds, donning the bird mask and doctor robes that waited for him.
He remembers how his daughter used to play around in his work clothes, the beaked guise making her giggling voice echo as she jumped at him from behind the wall, scaring him one time too many. And then he would scoop her up and hold her close, calling her his little bird.
The sounds of wheels hitting the gravel path didn’t really bother him - merchants always used the road in front of his house to get to the nearest village. But when it stopped before the gate, he looked up.
‘’Hi, papa!’’
And there she was, glowing and on the peak of her happiness, donning a simple flowery dress and a big hat that must have cost a lot, with some feathers on the top.
‘Looks like her husband is spoiling her a little,’ the doctor noted mentally as he rose to his feet and wiped his hands on his pants.
The carriage door opened, and outside stepped a familiar man, the doctor’s daughter… and a bundle in her arms. He rushed to open the gate to them all, greeting them warmly as his daughter momentarily gave the little bundle to her husband, rushing to hug her father.
‘’It is so good to see you, papa!’’ she said excitedly, and her husband neared, nodding at the doctor politely. ‘’We wanted to show you our new family member!’’
She took the tiny bundle from her husband and turned to look at the doctor, eyes shining as she extended arms for him to take. He accepted it, looking down at the small face, peacefully sleeping in the warmth of the cocoon.
‘’Congratulations, you two,’’ the doctor said, not taking his eyes off the baby.
‘’Her name is Lavender!’’ the daughter chirped, and her husband gently put an arm around her, them both observing the doctor who cradled the infant like she was the most fragile thing in the world. And, to be honest, she probably was.
‘’Lavender,’’ the doctor repeated, looking at the baby who opened her eyes, just tiredly looking up at him.
To name her own daughter after something that her father loved - it was a gesture that didn’t go unappreciated. And having seen such a happy family, the doctor didn’t feel so alone anymore. Surely, sometimes it was tough to walk to some destinations, especially if it started raining on the way, but then again…
It was the rain that brought her to him in the first place. And the rain was bound to end.
There was always sunlight behind the dark clouds, and the fact that his daughter visited him, reminded the doctor of that fact.
Parker loaded the donuts into the immaculate glass cases, then walked around to the front, and stood back a few feet to admire them. The honey dipped, their crunchy glaze turning opaque before her delighted eyes under the honey-nut cheerio topping; her signature cherry frosted, with it’s pink icing and colorful froot loops; the apple cinnamon fritters, rolled in crushed apple jacks and fried until the apple filled dough bulged into fluffy light clouds which she glazed until glossy; and her special for the day: a fluffy  yeast donut dipped in caramel and topped with almonds and pretzel sticks for an airy/sweet/salty/crispy/crunchy effect. Satisfied with the display, she glanced at the clock, realized she had ten minutes to herself, grabbed a salted caramel out of the back, and poured herself a giant mug of half coffee and half almond milk.

Finishing off her donut, she rinsed her hands in the tiny break room sink, quickly brushed her teeth, redid her ponytail, added a cherry flavored clear lip gloss, and went to the front to unlock the door.

It was one of Parker’s little quirks that she did not have an OPEN sign. Her next door neighbor, who sold tins of popcorn and fresh soft pretzels with gourmet dipping sauces, always lit up his neon “Yes We Are OPEN” at the same time she unlocked her shop.  Her regulars all knew both what time she opened, and that she locked up as soon as she sold out every day. She felt an OPEN sign would just be overkill.

“Good morning, Parker. How is your brother?” Parker’s first customer of the day walked in, his umbrella spread over his head to protect against the rain falling outside her storefront.

“He’s great, Nate, thank you!” Parker responded cheerily. “Of course, he’s giving our sister fits by taking up skateboarding, field hockey, and, just recently, girls, but so far we’ve all survived.”

Parker’s foster father, Archie, had taken in a young Parker after her first foster dad’s house had mysteriously burned to the ground. Parker had gotten an earful from her caseworker after the fire. “Don’t get a reputation as a troublemaker Beth Parker, or I’ll shut you up in a girls’ home and you’ll never see your brother again.”

Laura Patterson was actually much kinder than that interaction made her sound. She was just very overworked and afraid that young Bethany Parker would get a reputation that would mean she would not be taken by a family. That would effectively end her relationship with her little brother Nick, and Laura knew how important those bonds were to children who had already lost most of their families.

Archie, though, had changed her life. A pastry chef, he taught her to bake, respected her request to be addressed as Parker instead of Bethany, let her stay up all night giggling with his biological daughter Ann, and upon learning about Parker’s baby brother, immediately demanded that he be delivered to Archie and his household by the end of her first week with him. Most importantly, he made them part of his family, and while as a single parent he was never able to formally adopt them, he also never let anyone take them away.

He was never indulgent. Parker, Nick and Ann called him “sir.” He held them to exacting standards, requiring them to brush and floss three times a day (sweets are very hard on your teeth, Parker and Ann!) Their beds were made before breakfast and their chores were done before dinner. No exceptions. But he helped with homework. He enrolled Parker in ballet. He taught all of them to swim. He took them camping, and Parker learned to build a fire, roast marshmallows, rappel down a mountain cliff, and cross a river on ropes.

He taught them to respect each other and to respect themselves. (The eleventh grade boy who thought it was okay to pick up high school sophomore Parker by honking the horn of his convertible was sent home immediately, Archie’s lecture on what it meant to escort a young lady out for the evening ringing through his ears.) And he loved them. He was proud of them. He showed their pictures to everyone from the cashier at the local grocery to his chiropractor and the person he sat next to on the train ride home.

When Parker told him she didn’t want to go to college, he asked if she wanted pastry school or if she had a different plan. She told him her dream was a little donut shop--and got a surprise.

“I don’t know if you’re aware, Parker, but the state provides me a sum of money every month for your care. Due to some side projects of mine which I won’t go into, I’ve been able to comfortably support us without using it. It’s banked for you. If you have a dream, I want you to pursue it.”

Parker was doubtful. “It’s a lot of money, Sir. I tried to make a business plan…” and she pulled out the notebook with her estimates and figures and the cost of a lease.

Archie looked it over. She had planned very carefully. There were notes about where she could source used equipment and target costs, along with a budget for overruns. There were projected ingredient prices, sorted by scale. There were potential hours of operation (Monday through Saturday from 8 am until sellout--or 2 pm, whichever came first.) She had priced in the cost of a couple of interns from the local pastry school and one full time employee. She had vegan recipes, a few gluten-free, and even a sugar-free option for diabetics she planned to offer Wednesdays and Saturdays. Even being familiar with her brain, he was deeply impressed. He was puzzled by one line-entry though.

“Cold cereals? Were you planning to offer those as an option to the donuts?”

“No, sir,” she laughed. “I’m going to put them ON the donuts.”

The elegance of her plan took his breath away. “You’re going to let me invest,” he declared.

She beamed. “You’re going to give me the banked money?”

“No,” he clarified. “I mean, yes, I am. But that is yours in any case. I was only holding onto it to make sure you had a vision for your future before I gave you the funding. I’m going to INVEST.”

They worked out a plan. Parker owned 60% of the business outright. Archie bought in on behalf of himself (20%) and his daughter, Ann (10%) and Parker’s brother Nick (10%.) Archie released Parker’s money, which amounted to just over $175,000. His accountant valued her business at 500,000 and Archie proposed to buy the 40% at 200,000.

“I can give you the cash as operating money,” he offered. “But I wondered if you’d rather I buy you a building. That would save you the money you’re calculating for rent every month, and I found an undervalued property in a great little downtown area. It’s been empty for a couple of years. I happen to know that someone wanted to lease one of the storefronts for a soft pretzel shop but the owner is really only interested in selling. My agent thinks we can get it for around 170, which would leave you $30,000 to spruce the place up, plus all the free labor we can scare up for you.”

Parker sat at the dining room table, silent. Archie waited. And waited. Finally, he became concerned.

“Bethany?” he ventured hesitantly. “If you’d rather the money than the building that’s fine, it’s just a great deal that I thought might help you out. The owner could easily get $250,000 for it if he was willing to wait. But he very much does NOT want to wait…”

She continued to sit and look down at the table top.

“Parker! Enough is enough. I need you to answer me, young lady.”

She finally raised her eyes to his. They were filled with tears. “Thank you, sir,” was all she said at first, but then she clearly decided to elaborate. “I had all these plans, but I thought they were years and years away. I needed an enormous sum of money or a loan and a lot of help and...it’s all coming true so fast. I’m afraid to blink because it might disappear.”

He patted her hand (a touch awkwardly--physical demonstrations of affection had never been his style--he’d rather show his love by bragging about her to people than by hugging her) and said “Does this mean I can buy you a building?”

She laughed through her tears and nodded.

He was actually able to get the building for $155,000 once the inspection came in and they learned they would have to rewire. They used the $20,000 estimate to renegotiate the sales price.

Then they hired Parker’s brother Nick, who was apprenticed to a master electrician with a local union to do the wiring. Nick’s mentor used it as a training job under his supervision, and gave them a deep discount. When all was said and done, the wiring cost half what it should have, and Parker was left with $35,000 to remodel one of the storefronts in the building. She leased the other one to the popcorn and soft pretzel shop, and let him build it out to his specifications. He signed a 60-month lease at a price that meant she could cover the utilities for the whole building without dipping into her profits, and prepaid six months up front along with his deposit.

Archie was also pleased to see him putting on a hard hat and wielding a hammer and paintbrush himself to get his store ready to open. He hired things that required a professional, but was obviously ready to get his hands dirty, and was knowledgeable, too. Finally, when he learned Parker was planning (very much over Archie’s objections) to live above the shop, he cemented his spot in her dads heart by referring her to the contractor that was installing his shop alarm--and then argued she should get a discount as the contractor could do both alarms in one trip.

“I like that Alec Hardison fellow, Parker,” he said, almost every time he stopped by the shop...which was nearly daily. "Maybe you should invite him over for dinner some night after work. Of course, that would require you to have actual food in your house.”

Parker shrugged. When she wasn’t baking, she barely noticed food. Nick, who had a gourmet palate, had repeatedly taken her out for really beautiful and high end birthday dinners over the years. Parker appreciated the food and the atmosphere and his thought and care.

She knew how busy he was and how much he loved the restaurants he chose. She also knew he had to watch his pennies, so she didn’t tell him that ten twenty dollar dinners would have been more fun for her than one two hundred dollar one. She just invited him for donuts or pizza--and shrugged some more when he would ask her if that’s all she ever ate.

Occasionally she wondered if Hardison would want to eat pizza with her, but it was never at a convenient time to ask him. That didn’t stop Nate’s wife Sophie from trying, though. She was seven months pregnant with twins and had required daily apple fritters from Parker’s shop since month two. Fresh. So she had been in every morning until a couple of weeks ago. Now Nate was officially in charge of most of the household errands as she found herself entirely too exhausted. So every morning, Nate showed up for what Parker was now mentally calling “Sophie’s Daily Donut.”

“Anything for you this morning?” She asked as she reached under the counter and grabbed the bag holding the extra juicy and large fritter she had selected.

“Yes, actually,” Nate said. “I, um, didn’t preorder and I really should have.”

“It’s fine,” Parker said. “What can I get my best customers?’
“Everything you have ready...delivered to the staff at the Med Center.”

Parker’s brain went blank. So she did what she usually did when her mind went blank--something that made absolutely no sense. She shook the bag holding Sophie’s donut. “Do you not need this then?” she asked.

Nate laughed. “We’re parents, but I think Sophie still wants her fritter. She’s been awake since 5 am yesterday!”

Parker felt a big welling up of warmth from somewhere down deep inside. She didn’t squeal or dance or throw her arms around Nate for a hug. That wasn’t Parker. She got super quiet...but delicately flushed and joyously peaceful. Nate, watching her, thought that her slow smile was not so much bright as it was--glowing. Like someone had lit a candle inside her.

“I’m so happy, Nate,” she told him.

“I’m also authorized to order five dozen of your frosted boo-berry donuts iced and five dozen of your signature cherry for tomorrow, given certain conditions.”

“Wow, one hundred and twenty donuts? Who did you need me to rob and/or kill for you?” Parker joked.

“The conditions are 1--” he started enumerating on his fingers, “you come by the hospital tomorrow as soon as you can and meet the twins. 2--you invite your family to come with you 3--you let me and Sophie order all of us a nice meal, and 4--you let me tell Sophie that you will invite that guy Hardison next door to my brother Elliot’s restaurant for dinner. Within the next week.”

“Elliot? Isn’t that the brother that you said couldn’t boil water? What is he doing with a restaurant?”

Nate laughed for about a minute before he managed to answer. “He took the girls’ swim team he coaches to the same Italian place every Friday before their swim meets. Carb-loading them with spaghetti. Last week he married the chef-owner. Lovely guy named Mikel.”

Parker giggled and began boxing up all her donuts. “Well, then, I’m going to close early today, clean up, and maybe get a soft pretzel.”

Nate winked. “Good plan.”


This is for Megori of livejournal. She's actually getting two fics: this is the first.
I need to stop looking at Jade's eyes in the post-game cutscene, because they make me sad. Not just that he's so sad that Luke's not going to come back and how everyone's going to feel when they realize this, but also something else and the implications of it…
I reference the contamination sidequest conversation between Jade &amp; Saphir, when Saphir talks about the fact memories will remain in a certain body and how Luke had 'become a real boy,' and Jade was kind of 'stop helping me!' because all of that just made what was going to happen make him feel even worse. Of course, Peony doesn't know the details of that conversation. Jade's not going to want to talk or think about it.
I am sorry about the low-grade snark in this. I didn't mean for it to end up quite this angsty, I swear.
The fic is almost 2,500, but the Digimon fic I'm also doing will still be at least a thousand as planned. There's nothing wrong with a little extra Peony &amp; Jade.
If asked, Peony would say that he missed the waterslides the most, and the questioner would laugh politely and hopefully be amused by what a character the emperor was enough that he could change the subject.
The serious answer, the one fitting for an emperor that actually cared about his people (well, he tried, and it wasn't hard to do better than his father) would have been that he missed healing artes, of course. He might have used that one if Queen Natalia asked, or some official or resentful noble that needed to be reminded of who exactly he was, but it never came up.
The real answer was one of the many secrets he would cheerfully take to his grave.
Peony had ordered Grand Chokmah's famous canals and water artes shut down right after the planet storm had been shut off, except the fountains (to keep up appearances) and essential services like the sewers. He hadn't been Professor Nebilim's student for nothing, after all. Without the planet storm, the amount of free fonons in the atmosphere would start decreasing, and they couldn't afford to waste them on things like waterslides.
Or heating the city.
Grand Chokmah was almost as far north as Keterberg, after all.
The city was smaller now: after the first winter, quite a few people had gotten fed up with the cold and the snow and even worse, the slush when it melted, and moved down south to Engave or the new trade city that had sprung up at Kaitzur.
Jabberwocky and Oriel fur coats had become all the rage as the nobility got the clothes they wore on visits to Keterburg out of the closets. Peony's rappigs had grown thicker, even softer coats. Peony himself had told the maids to bring by hot chocolate and mulled cider every evening and sat watching the snow in the garden, feeling nostaligic. Sometimes nostaligic enough to go out through those windows, remembering the day he'd met Jade, and drag Jade with him, laughing when Jade mock-complained about the cold and his poor old-man-bones, and the aching of the wounds he'd gotten in his service to a certain juvenile and ungrateful ruler.
The second winter, Peony's knee had ached. It had been broken a long time ago, on one of their expeditions. None of them had been a seventh fonist, of course, and Jade had insisted on resetting it. At least they'd camped then, so Jade could observe. Finally, Peony had decided that enough was enough, even though the cold numbed the pain, and just taken an apple gel before the wound could 'set' and become unhealable. Unless he felt like waiting for months anyway, which he didn't and even an imperial bastard getting injured like that would have gotten the others in all kinds of trouble. That would have been the end of sneaking out.
Just like Luke getting kidnapped, or Luke's original anyway, had been the end of freedom for that kid.
Maybe the ache had nothing to do with the long-ago injury. Probably he was just getting older.
He hadn't let it stop him from putting snow down the back of Jade's coat.
Emperors did not have wrinkles.
His illustrious ancestors had employed seventh fonists to cast artes every morning, since wrinkle prevention, keeping them from setting in, required that kind of constant care. As well as cultivation of an impassive mien, but that had probably been easy for them. Peony knew his father certainly hadn't cared about anyone but himself. It was easy to spot 'real' nobility, as opposed to those promoted on merit, in any gathering in Grand Chokmah or Baticul. Princess Natalia might allow her reserve to drop away, but she still had it, that trained paralysis of the face and heart. Even if about as many people turned up their noses at her as at him, the fake princess and the whoreson.
They hadn't bothered to train Luke in that. He wouldn't have lived long enough to worry about wrinkles. Or ruling.
While the planet itself produced small amounts of the other fonons naturally, with the planet storm off once the seventh fonon was gone it was gone. He'd banned frivolous use in the full knowledge that noble lords and ladies were going to ignore his decree. It was always useful to have something that he could arrest them for as part of larger corruption investigations.
It meant that the whole bathing and grooming and putting on raiment part of the morning now included strange herbal goops from St. Binah, the poor man's substitute for anti-winkle artes, but it was a small price to pay for even one more successful resurrection arte.
Very soon now, dead really would mean dead. Very soon now, if you stabbed someone they'd stay stabbed.
Peony might collect weapons, but since he couldn't very well bring a weapon back with him to the manor (unlike another captive prince, he hadn't been allowed them) he'd learned an unarmed combat style that was probably going to go the way of the selenias. Every style was going to have to adjust to the fact that letting someone hit your arm was no longer an acceptable sacrifice, and fighting without armor?
He still sparred with Jade, but Jade used a special padded staff now, pulled his blows and focused on chasing Peony around the ring less because he was playing annoyed and more to help both of them keep their agility.
Jade had it much worse than he did. Standing still to cast in a one-on-one match now was suicide, even for a fonist as skilled as Jade. It was taking longer and longer to gather the fonons, even for Jade himself.
Jade kept pushing it, though, up until Peony had punched him in the stomach when he was trying to use energy blast. Not hard, just hard enough to take his breath away.
Or maybe that was the fact that Peony had just beaten him in a spar for the first time.
Perhaps it was the kiss.
It certainly was a kiss that shut him up when he remarked that Peony defeating him must be a sign that the world was coming to an end, again, and he'd best report to military headquarters and focus on discovering the new threat.
The first set of replacement glasses that Jade brought were simple stage wear. Glasses with lenses that did nothing except make a fashion statement: Jade's glasses were iconic, and lots of people wore ones just like his.
"You know, you could have just borrowed mine." Hey, if his subjects were going to cosplay Jade, then of course Peony was going to.
"No: yours have the glyphs inlaid into them." That was the other reason Peony had a pair of glasses just like Jade: what if Jade's glasses broke? "That would quite defeat the purpose of acquiring new ones." Jade tilted his head from side to side.
"Are you sure that's safe?"
"Safer than the old ones," Jade muttered, frowning. Before, he'd needed those glasses to suppress the power of his fonon-gathering glyph. Now, wearing glasses that suppressed his fonic ability was not only mostly unnecessary, but doubling his casting time.
'Safer' wasn't the same as 'safe,' but Jade was a big boy, so Peony held his peace.
Well, he did order a pair of Jade-style reading glasses (all the rage among fonic researchers) for his poor old friend, and suggest that Jade get bifocals next time.
"You know, without the Score, there's nothing keeping you from marrying Nephry," Saphir was tactless enough to say during one of Peony's first few visits, The rest of the conversation so far had been about how awful of him it was to steal, 'dear Jade,' but that was Saphir. It really wasn't possible to be Saphir's friend unless you learned when to tune him out.
"People change," Peony said, for what felt like the millionth time, even though Saphir still wouldn't want to hear it. He knew that was the real reason Saphir had joined Van. He'd been so obsessed with going back to that golden age that he'd forgotten that they couldn't exactly all go back to Keterberg if Keterberg was destroyed by Van's hyperresonance machines. Well, Saphir had probably planned to betray Van before that happened, and that was why Van hadn't let Saphir try to use Van's power as a Yulian to recall Gelda's soul from the fon belt into a replica body until Van's plan was complete. If he'd ever intended to.
Saphir hadn't had any more chance in a battle of wits against Van than he'd had of winning against Jade.
"Except you. You're still that same kid, tagging along on Jade's heels." For a moment, Peony wanted to be that same kid, following Jade because he'd never imagined that people like this could exist and he'd wanted to keep following to see what happened next, all the amazing things in this wide world. "Or that's what I like to say, but you've changed. Dist the Reaper might have started out as just a costume." Saphir taking a leaf from Peony's book. "But you got swept up in it."
"It's Dist the Rose, dammit!" Saphir said, clearly having said it so many times that it was reflex by now.
"Jade kept track of your unit, you know. Military intelligence. Then there's all those replicas." That Dist had helped to create, and doom. "Want to tell them that you're not Dist the Reaper?"
"It wasn't… It wasn't supposed to be like that."
"Wasn't it? The way I heard it, replicas were meant to be killed. Bring back an original, kill a replica: isn't that how it works?" Isn't that what you were going to do to someone with Gelda's face? "But you know more about it than I do."
"They wouldn't have existed long enough to have a personality. And their memories would have remained, so it's… Not the same thing. At all," Saphir said, and Saphir knew Peony knew he was lying. "Dear Jade sounded just like you, you're…You've changed him, you've stolen him."
"He's changed, but he wouldn't say I deserved any credit." He'd say it was Luke, although not by name. "He's worked hard, to change. And steal him? Please. Although there's a thought." Tying him up, hauling him off: that might be fun.
Wicked grins made Saphir sputter, which got him angry again instead of looking empty around the edges, beginning to realize how empty his life was. He'd held on to a precious illusion, and what did he have now that it was gone?
He had Peony, and Jade was trying to learn how to be there for people, even annoying ones. Reading between the lines of what Jade said, and what Luke had said in that diary of his, the one that had been published, he was doing amazingly well. For Jade.
"You're not the only one that misses those days." Missed when Jade had been the golden child, a jagged sharp brilliance like the icicles that hung around outside, like Jade himself, in the wilds where the wind howled, as cold and inhuman as his eyes. Both of them would make you shiver.
"I knew there was something strange about that place," Jade said as the door closed behind him, removing his uniform with movements practiced well enough to be as precise as fontech. "The field of selenias was still there. I wonder if they'll die now that the clump of fonons has manifested." They'd starve to death without enough fonons to feed on, like every other selenia plant in the world. Tataroo wasn't a planetary fon slot anymore: the sephiroth was deactivated along with the planet storm.
The 'clump of fonons?' "He has a name, you know."
"He has two," Jade corrected Peony, heading for the bed with sharp, quick steps.
"And if he took back Luke's name, his name would be mud." Peony followed, watching him. "Tear would kill him if you didn't."
"This isn't… This isn't something to joke about," Jade said, almost harshly, then stopped walking. "I'm sorry."
"Rough day." Peony put his hand on Jade's back.
"They all wanted me to explain it to them." Explain why Luke was dead and not coming back, even though Asch had died first. Force Jade to relive his plans to revive Nebilim, his realization of the lives this cost, the knowledge that Luke (the closest thing he would ever have to a son, the child he'd watched grow up just like Nephry, failed just like Nephry) was going to die, just like Nebilim, just like the other example he'd had of how to be human, and there was nothing he could do.
Peony could imagine how he'd torn into them with mocking insults, of them and of himself, to hide that the questions really did make him angry, the memories really did make him hate himself.
Luke was dead, and Professor Nebilim was dead, and neither of them was ever coming back.
There was nothing to do but wrap his arms around Jade and tell him that, "I'm here."
He was glad that his chest was pressed to Jade's back, that his cheek was pressed against Jade's. That he couldn't see Jade's eyes.
They were brown now. After all this time, it was hard to think of Jade's eyes as anything but red. The Necromancer's eyes had been red, the monster's in human form, but now Jade's were a brown, surprisingly warm, amazingly human, far more human than when they had been brown the first time.
Jade had learned from Luke, after all, how to realize what he was feeling, how to show his emotions, and as grateful to the kid as Peony was for it?
Jade was the ice of Mt. Roneal, cold and deadly and pristine. He wasn't supposed to feel, cry, ache. Peony didn't want him to. He wanted Jade to be alright, to be happy, or probably mostly happy, the way he had been when it was just the four of them and the Professor, before life had torn the other two away and he'd barely been able to keep a hold of Jade.
He'd always had a fondness for games, masks, illusions and pretend. Like pretending to be a simple student, one that could play in the snow with his friends.
When Jade was the monster, he could tell himself that Jade was alright. That Nebilim hadn't hurt him. That Hod hadn't. That Nephry's rejections hadn't. That the use of replica technology and the loss of Luke hadn't. Of course Jade was alright, Jade was Jade.
He'd known better, all along. He'd known that Jade was human.
He still missed those red eyes.
Even if the brown were no less beautiful.
Mike walked slightly behind Lucas and Max, glaring at the back of her head. He couldn't believe Lucas was still dating that bitch, after everything she had done to him, manipulating El into dumping him!

To make matters worse... El never came back to him, and now she was hours away, living with the Byers. Last he'd heard from Will, she was dating some douche called Jason Macklemore, a stupid football enthusiast.

Everything had gone to shit, and it all started with Max Mayfield. Mike had never liked her, even before El had come back in 84, but he couldn't understand why Lucas didn't see how bad she was! She dumped him all the time, practically played with him, and yet he still came crawling back to her!

At least Dustin had wised up, noticing how bitchy Max was, spending less time with her recently. Mike would have been glad to kick her out of the Party, but the one thing stopping that was Lucas.

Now though... Mike was done worrying about any of that crap. He was miserable, El barely spoke to him anymore, and Max needed to pay for starting all this. He didn't care about the consequences anymore, he was going after Max, one way or another.

He finally got his chance, his parents having taken Holly to a nearby carnival, and Nancy had moved out some time ago. He called Max, speaking in a serious tone, asking her if she could come over to talk. He heard her snicker, but agreed to come over, hanging up immediately after.

"Sup Wheeler?" Max greeted him at his door, and he faked a nervous smile, keeping up the appearance that something bad had happened. Max took on a slightly more serious demeanor, walking down to the basement with him, the Party's usual meeting spot.

"So, where are the others? What's going on?" Max asked somewhat rudely, crossing her arms and tapping her foot impatiently. Mike kept his back to her, sneering at the wall in front of him, hands in his pockets, one of which holding his weapon of choice.

"They're busy..." Mike trailed off, before quickly pulling out the rock in his pocket, bashing it into the side of Max's head faster than she could react. She instantly crumpled to the floor, groaning weakly in pain, still conscious at least.

Mike got to work restraining Max, tying her hands behind her back, but otherwise leaving her alone. He'd thought about gagging her, but he wanted to hear her cry out in pain, to beg him to stop.

"Aww, what's the matter? Are you in pain?" He mocked, noticing the blood on the corner of her forehead, before slapping her as hard as he could. Her head twisted to the side, grunting in pain, before falling limp, the girl breathing unsteadily. Mike lifted Max onto her feet, holding her in place while she wobbled shakily.

"Stop..." Max croaked out, her head absolutely pounding, unable to fight back at all. Mike just let out a harsh laugh, before he punched her right in the gut, knocking the wind out of her.

"I thought you were supposed to be a tough girl?" Mike taunted her, before standing her upright again, this time kicking her right in the crotch, savoring the sound of her crying in pain.

"You thought you could mess with me, manipulate El into leaving me?" Growling angrily, Mike tossed her onto the couch, nearly upending the whole thing with the force. He straddled her waist, looking down into her tear-stained eyes, silently begging him to stop, but he was too far gone at this point.

"Bitch!" He yelled, landing a crushing blow to her head, repeatedly punching her, months of repressed anger and hate being let out in this moment. He remembered how she mocked him, laughed at his anxiety, told lies to El about him, accused him of controlling El.

"You're nothing!" Mike shouted in her face, uncaring of how he'd busted her open even more now, the girl barely hanging onto consciousness at this point. Breathing heavily, Mike debated what to do next, before a devious thought crossed his mind.

He got off the couch, heading over to El's blanket fort, having never been taken down even to this day. Rummaging through the blankets, he pulled out a small pocket knife, walking back over to Max.

"As much as you disgust me, I know one thing for sure that will break you." He snarled, gripping the front of her shirt, cutting a line straight down the middle, until finally tearing straight through, exposing her skin, her breasts contained by a sports bra.

"No..." Max mumbled, trying to shake her head, but causing a piercing pain to shoot through her instead.

"You can't stop me, and know you'll never ruin anything ever again." Mike hoarsely said, overcome by a multitude of emotions, ripping off her bra and roughly groping her breasts.

He savored the sound of her crying, feeling her nipples stiffening from the cold air hitting them, allowing him to pinch and pull on them, leaning down to suck and bite them, uncaring how she felt.

"You ready to get fucked, bitch?" Mike rhetorically asked, pulling her shorts and underwear down in one go, removing his own and freeing his cock, ready to take something special from Max, the way she took someone special from him.

"Please...s-sorry..." Max deliriously stated, her face scrunched up in a mix of pain and despair. Mike froze in disbelief, before pure anger flooded through him, and he rammed his dick right into her pussy, uncaring if she was wet or not.

"'Sorry'? Sorry doesn't work anymore!" Mike yelled, thrusting harshly into her, the blood acting as lubricant to allow easier movement. He wrapped his hands around her throat, not enough to completely cut off her air flow, but enough to hurt.

"I lost the love of my life because of you!" He growled, bitter tears in his eyes, remembering those special moments he'd spent with El, now he'd never have those again.

"You've been nothing but cruel, ruining everything!" Mike choked out, locking up as he came deep in her pussy, before moving to sit on the couch, pulling Max's limp body onto his lap, her back to his chest, moving to assault her abused pussy.

"You're horrible to Lucas, using him like he doesn't even matter!" He continued, slightly surprised to find Max was getting wet now, maybe he'd broken her, and she liked being used like this? Ultimately, it didn't really matter at this point.

"How's it feel, to be useless? Treated like a toy?" Mike asked, finger fucking her wet pussy, listening to her groan weakly, head resting on his shoulder.

"Tell me it feels good, slut!" Mike ordered her, slowly down, denying her the orgasm she so clearly wanted, judging by the way she was trying to fuck herself on his fingers.

"Good... so good..." Max muttered brokenly, her eyes glazed over in twisted pleasure, before Mike picked up speed again, and soon she locked up, pussy clamping down on his fingers as she orgasmed, moaning like a whore.

"Welcome to your new life, as my toy." He told her, moving his hand up to her mouth, and she instantly started sucking her own juices off his fingers. Mike hated to admit it, but Max did have a pretty good body, so he'd make sure to take full advantage of it.

It was shockingly easy to keep Max hidden, locking her in the basement's bathroom, and since nobody but him used it at this point, no one was aware of his new toy. Weeks would pass, the cops questioning him, but too lazy to even check his house, having been told Max never came over, at least not without Lucas.

Mike had to admit, he felt a little bad for Lucas, but knew he would move on, find someone better for himself. Things were definitely looking a little better though, as the weeks turned into months, Lucas found a girl, Hailey Jenson, who was kind, but had a tough bone to her.

As for Max... she was doing really well in her new role as Mike's toy, she didn't wear clothes anymore, and was much more obedient. She eagerly sucked him off, offering her ass or pussy when he demanded, and was even a really good toilet, apparently like his piss for some strange reason.

"Yeah, you like that?" Mike gloated, peeing all over Max's naked body, the girl kneeling in the tub like an eager slut. She was moaning, rubbing his piss all over her body, looking like she was having the time of her life. He still couldn't believe this was even the same girl, had she always had this side to her?

"Alright, stay there and play with my pee you weirdo, I'm heading up for dinner." He told her, pulling his boxers and pant up, opening the door. However, on the other side was his mother, her hand raised to knock.

Minutes later, Mike was being escorted into the back of a police car, handcuffed and looking like he'd put up a fight. He was beyond pissed, everything had been great, and now he was going to jail!

Looking at the near comatose Max though, Mike considered it all worth it, and vowed that if he ever got out, he'd find Max again, remind her of her place...

Max was nothing.
“Water. I need water.”
Well, this is fun; his first adventure, and he’s nearly dying. He is slurring his words, but he couldn’t care less. His tongue feels like it’s going to wither away. He is going to collapse if they don’t get out of the sun.
“Hang in there, Chopper! Don’t die on me!”
Usopp is weakly shaking his body. If there was any water left in his body, Chopper thinks Usopp would be crying right now.
“Don’t worry, guys. The sun will be setting soon; we’ll be able to rest then.” Vivi said.
Could he wait that long? His vision is starting to blur. Maybe if he changes forms, he’ll feel a lot better. He took a step back and started to grow taller. His frame is now larger, and he towers above his crewmates. It doesn’t seem to make a difference; he still feels hot.
“Help! A monster has appeared!”
Usopp was running around in circles; what made him so scared?
“A monster? Where?” Chopper said.
Usopp paused. Slowly turning towards Chopper, his face grew paler.
“It can speak! Luffy, help!”
Chopper realized Usopp is talking about him. How dehydrated is he that mistook one of his friends as a monster?
“Oi, who are you calling a monster?!”
He started to chase Usopp around, scaring him as much as he could. He wants to have a bit of fun in this miserable situation; who can blame him?
“You two, cut it out!”
Sanji looked pissed. Well, it was fun while it lasted. As he calmed down, he glanced around the area. So this is Alabasta; it’s a barren wasteland of nothing but sand.  A desert is a merciless place, an inferno of scorching heat. Every breath feels like he’s inhaling fire and sand. Every step on the sand is searing his feet; painful blisters are starting to form. Instead of a gentle, cooling breeze, the wind sends waves of scathing air filled with dust and particles. The landscape is dry; how can anything survive here? He is surprised Vivi can live in such a hot country. Although he doubts she goes for a walk through the desert every day. Whose great idea was it to travel like this? He is bewildered. They recently came from a snow island, and now they are trekking across a desert. Are pirates usually like this? He is beginning to think he chose the wrong crew to join. All of Luffy’s actions are nothing short of insanity.
“Look! The sun is setting; we can take a rest now.” Nami said.
Finally, they can take a break. Is the desert different at night? He could only hope that it is somewhat colder.
“Oi, Chopper. Come help me set up the tents.”
There goes his break. At least the weather has cooled down a bit; the unbearable heat would have made it impossible to work. He sets off to start propping up the makeshift tents with Zoro. He glances over to everyone else and sees Sanji starting a fire. Finally, they are going to get some food. He could almost cry tears of joy, but that would be a waste of precious water. These tents won’t take too long to set up; the faster it gets done, the quicker he can relax.
~mini timeskip~
It’s night; the heat is gone, but a new problem has arisen. The air is cold; it’s a very drastic difference. Everyone is shaking (excluding Ace) and trying to find any heat source.
“Why is it so damn cold?”
Zoro’s teeth are chattering; his words are barely audible.
“There is no humidity in the desert, so all the heat escapes during the night.”
“So, deserts are cruel even at night. We can’t catch a break, can we?”
Everyone is complaining about the cold, but Chopper is barely paying attention to them because he is mesmerized. The stars are so beautiful; is this what other islands see every night?
“The sky is breathtaking. The desert during the day is harsh, but at night it’s a utopia.”
He has never seen so many stars before; you can’t see the night sky on his island. Clouds and snow block everything, so to be able to see them so clearly is amazing. He wishes he could show Doctorine; she might like it. Oh, they are simply ethereal; they gleam so brightly. They radiate pure brilliance against an ebony plain. Everything about this is exquisite.
“I don’t have the luxury of looking at stars. I can barely move my limbs.”
He doesn’t mind the cold; he prefers it. His thick fur does help him keep warm. Usopp, on the other hand, is freezing.
“Oi, Chopper! Share some of your warmth with us.”
“Yeah! Share with us.”
Luffy and Usopp are pulling him and squeezing him. He’s not a stuffed animal; what are they doing?
“Oi! Get away!”
He can’t have a moment to himself, can he? He let out a long sigh, but he is happy. It’s his first adventure, and he has already seen so many things. He can’t wait to explore other islands.
Chopper smiled to himself; ‘look, Doctor, I’m achieving my dreams.’
Nobody was prepared to meet a thirteen-year-old Neal Caffrey when they went to work that morning. Least of all Peter Burke. The morning started off boring enough. Peter picked Neal up from June’s and drove them to work. Neal bitched about the horrible office coffee and stubbornly made a coffee run before he returned and grudgingly got to work on a stack of paperwork. Peter noticed that about half of the time Neal spent at his desk was making origami creatures. He ignored Neal’s shenanigans since it was a Wednesday and the middle of the week was supposed to be extra boring, in Peter’s opinion.

A little voice in the back of Peter’s head that sounded suspiciously like Neal’s mocked his optimism.

A little before noon, when the White Collar office was mostly cleared of agents, a man in a three-piece suit came into the office. This was normal enough and nobody paid much attention to him. Damian glanced up at the man before turning most of his attention back to the file in front of him, however, he tracked the man through the office. The man wove his way through the maze of desks before coming to a stop about three feet from where Jones, Diana, and Damian had their desks.

Diana stood and addressed the man, “Can we help you, sir?”

“No. But I can help you,” he replied before whipping out a modified gun. Jones and Damian had barely stood before the man turned the gun toward Damian and shot. Damian went down hard. Two other agents in the office rushed the man while Diana and Jones raced to Damian’s side.

“What the hell just happened!?” Jones shouts.

The mysterious man is tackled by one of the other agents and the gun goes skittering across the room. Another agent secures the gun while the first two agents handcuff the man and frogmarch him toward a holding cell. During all the chaos, Peter rushes down the stairs from his office and comes to a stop next to Damian’s prone form. “I don’t see any blood,” Diana states in blatant confusion.

“How the hell is there no blood?” Jones exclaims, “He was just shot at point-blank range!”

“Don’t yell at me, dammit!” Diana yells at Jones.

Peter places a calming hand on Diana’s shoulder, “Alright, move over and let me take a look at Neal.” Diana scoots over to make room for Peter. However, before Peter can lean over to check Neal over, Jones pulls Diana and Peter back at the same time that a blinding white light envelops Damian. When the light dies down, in the place of an adult Neal is a young teenager. The agents stare at each other in shock. The boy groans as he wakes, but as soon as he notices that he is in an unfamiliar place, he becomes a lot more alert. He’s suddenly on his feet and casing his surroundings like a seasoned agent. When he speaks, it’s with a slight accent that is hard for even Diana to place. “Where am I and who are you all?”

Diana raises her hands placatingly, “My name is Diana and you’re at the White Collar division of the FBI in New York.” Damian stares suspiciously at the group for a moment longer. “Can you tell us your name?”

“Diana!” Peter hisses.

“I’m not fishing for info,” Diana snaps back, “We have a preteen--”

“Teenager,” Damian haughtily sniffs.

“--teenager,” Diana corrects, “and technically he needs a legal guardian with him right now. He’s underage. He’s not Neal Caffrey, international conman, at the moment.”

Peter runs a hand down his face in weariness, “Only Neal can get us into this kind of shit. Okay, let’s find out who his guardian is.”

Damian raises an eyebrow and stares at the gathered agents. They all get the feeling that he’s judging them and finding them wanting. Damian internally struggles with his dilemma and he must not be hiding it as well as he thought because of Diana’s next words, “We already figured that Neal wasn’t your real name.”

“Obviously,” Damian tsks, “I wouldn’t want a name as pedestrian as ‘Neal.’” Damian’s lip curls when he says the name, “It appears that telling you my true name will break a cover that I have created.”

“Yes,” Diana agrees, “But right now you’re a teenager and you legally need an adult with you. Without knowing how long this age regression will last, we can’t let you go back to your apartment on your own nor would it be in good conscience to take you to one of our places until we figure out what that man did to you.”

Damian narrows his eyes at Diana, but nonetheless replies, “My name is Damian Wayne.”

“Like the son of the billionaire Bruce Wayne? From Gotham? That Bruce Wayne?” Jones yelps in surprise.

Damian tsks again, “Yes.”

Diana takes a deep, calming breath, “Okay. Okay. We can handle this. Uh, someone needs to look up the number for Wayne so we can get him over here.”

“The Manor number will undoubtedly be the same,” Damian rolls his eyes, “Pennyworth is loath to change the number since my imbecile siblings can memorize a great number of things, but phone numbers are their weak points.”

The agents share a look. One agent who is standing in the back of the room, Agent Dunwell, scoffs, and tells his friend in an undertone, “Man, this kid is a rich prick.”

Damian narrows in on the offender, “My mother is Talia al Ghul, I am the heir to not only part of the Wayne fortune, but the al Ghul fortune as well. You will do well to keep your mouth shut!” The agent pales at the mention of the al Ghuls and gives Damian a nervous smile. Damian scoffs, “Plebeian.”

Peter awkwardly clears his throat, “Right. Well. Jones, Diana, why don’t you accompany Damian and me to my office. We’ll make the call in private and he can stay with me until Wayne shows up. Dunwell, go help the other agents process the man who shot Damian and send one of the others to my office with any information you find.”

“Yes, sir!” Dunwell practically runs out of the office.

Damian’s grumpy face deepens as he follows Peter up to his office, with Jones and Diana taking up the rear. Peter makes the call to Wayne and Jones hides his laughter at the constipated look Peter acquires while talking to the other man. With relief, Peter hangs up the phone and looks at Damian, “Your father said he was in New York for some business, so he’ll be here within the hour.”

Damian hides an eye roll, it would have been awfully convenient if his father was actually in New York. The Zeta tubes were incredibly useful creations. Diana digs out a pencil and some loose-leaf paper for Damian while Jones collects his and Diana’s laptops. The group of four settle in to wait for Bruce to show up at the office. During that time, the rest of the White Collar division trickles back into the office from lunch and the news of what happened to their resident CI spreads like wildfire. Jones is tasked with sitting outside of the office and turning away curious onlookers. When Damian snaps a pencil in frustration, Diana calmly hands him another one and goes back to typing on her computer.

An hour on the dot later, the elevator dings and Bruce Wayne steps into their office. All eyes track him as he weaves his way through the desks and up the stairs to Peter’s office. Jones moves to let Bruce through and follows him into Peter’s office. “Damian,” Bruce greets, a small smile ticking up the sides of his mouth.

“Father,” Damian warmly greets as he moves to stand in front of Bruce. Bruce places his hands on Damian’s shoulders and in a rare display of affection, Damian allows himself to be pulled into a hug. Damian may have hidden it well, but he had been unsettled by the situation and it felt nice to be enveloped in a hug, pressed against his father’s broad frame. He was, after all, only 13 at the moment. The pair pull away, but Bruce leaves one hand on his son’s shoulder as Damian turns to look at the three agents gathered around Peter’s desk.

“As my son is currently a minor, he’s coming with me,” Bruce informs the agents.

Peter nods his head, “We’ll keep you updated on what we find out from the man in our holding cell. Hopefully, the process can be reversed, but if not, we’ll work something out with the higher-ups.”

“See that you do, Agent Burke,” Bruce cooly replies. He hands Peter a business card, “My personal number is on the back. Contact me with any changes.” With those words, Bruce steers Damian out of Peter’s office, through the White Collar division, and to the elevator. Peter, Jones, and Diana watched in mute silence as their now thirteen-year-old friend disappears from their sight.

“Why do I have the feeling that this is the last time we’ll ever see Neal again?” Jones asks after another moment of silence.

“Because it probably is,” Peter replies. Diana looks at the men with a sad expression on her face. Everyone knows how close Neal and Peter were. The next day they find out that the man had no clue how the gun worked; he had been given over a million dollars to enter the office and shoot it at Neal Caffrey. When the agents look into who gave the man his money, they are run around in circles from one dummy account to the next. It quickly becomes apparent that finding the true culprit was nearly impossible with their current resources.
A few months pass and on another Wednesday morning that is supposed to be boring, Diana walks into Peter’s office with Jones in tow. She silently places a magazine down on the desk and the two men peer over her shoulder to read the headline: 
    Bruce Wayne’s Youngest Son, Damian Wayne, Make Triumph Return to Gotham City Social Scene
  . The photo is of an adult Damian Wayne smiling next to his brothers in front of a gorgeous statue in what is clearly an expensive venue. Jones and Diana share a look and quietly leave the office, closing the door behind them. Peter slumps down into his desk chair and flips to the article about his former CI.
Alan didn't know what to make of it, Scott was…..was , well he was snuggling. There was no other word for it. It was strange and unnerving, and for Alan it was a bit like watching your Dad flirt. He backed away cautiously, although not cautiously enough to stop him from backing into Gordon rounding the corner.
“Hey watch out sprout!” Gordon went to swerve around Alan but was stopped by a firm palm on his chest.
“Nooooooo,” he whispered, “don’t go in there!”
“Why?” and Gordon instantly leaned left and right to try and see what was the cause of Alan's stunned expression.
“It's weird.” Alan was still staring wide eyed into the room, like he had seen a ghost.
“What is?” Gordon prompted, as Alan's narrative once again dried up.
“He’s acting all….soppy” Alan almost shuddered.  That was enough for Gordon, he snorted with laughter and shoved Alans arm aside, stalking into the room like a panther to get a better look.
What met his eyes was indeed weird, Gordon had also never seen this side of Scott and he found it equal parts unnerving and hilarious. He clamped a hand over his own mouth and shuffled back out. Safely tucked the other side of the doorway Gordon had a chance to dissect what he had seen.
“Oh my god! Isn’t it sickening?!” he doubled over as laughter threatened to bubble over and give away their location.
“I know, all ‘I love you’ ‘love you more’ ugh! Cuddling and holding hands, don't they know there are children present?”
“Al, you're eighteen.”
“Shuddup,” Alan huffed, and folded his arms.
So engrossed were they in their moment of mirth that they failed to hear the heavy footed approach of Virgil.
“What are you guys up to?” he asked
Always ready with an answer Gordon turned to face him, “we were just discussing the sickening saccharine spectacle that is our eldest siblings soppy display in the lounge”
“Oh god, are they still at it?” sighed Virgil.
“Uh huh, I never had him down for such a sap.” said Gordon
“Are you kidding me?” Virgil raised one eyebrow.
“No, he's usually all suave so..sophisis...well not all lovie dovie.” Gordon floundered.
“Sophisticated? Oh Jeeze, you really don't remember his teenage years do you?” Virgil laughed.
“Well, duh! Was kinda busy at the time, important business to undertake. But you know what I mean, his past...girlfriends - can we call them that? Well it was all glossy parties and VIP access, not blankets, movies and staring into each other's eyes.” Gordon held his hands under his chin and fluttered his eye lashes.
“He wasn't always that umm….slick.” Virgil tried valiantly to find a better word for it, but came up short.
“He was like this?” asked Alan
“Well, no it was more awkward fumbling and teenage necking when he was meant to be babysitting. This is something new entirely.”
Grandma was the one who was able to sneak up on them this time. Ugg boots really were your friends if you wanted to sneak up on the grandkids.
“Oh, leave them be, I for one think it's adorable. Your brother deserves some love in his life.” she gave them each a stern look, and they couldn’t deny she was right.
“Ok, You have a point Grandma,” said Gordon, Virgil nodded in agreement. Alan, however, still screwed his face up in disgust.
“But does it have to be in the lounge?” he whined, letting his arms drop.
“oh, young man, you've got a whole island. It wouldn't hurt you to go out and get some fresh air.” she prodded him towards the doors. “Off you go!”
All this time Scott was blissfully unaware that Grandma was his saviour, he was quite content to continue to gaze into a rather lovely set of peridot eyes.
When Jiang Cheng gets out of the car he briefly wonders if he shouldn’t just turn back around and drive back home. Nie Mingjue did say that he didn’t want to meet because he was looking forward to a relaxing evening, but he also said that Jiang Cheng can come over whenever.
The indecision makes Jiang Cheng hesitate for a long, moment but in the end he slings his bag over his shoulder and walks towards the house.
He brought his own work. He and Nie Mingjue don’t even have to talk; they can just quietly work on their own stuff, or watch TV or something. It’s not like Jiang Cheng expects or needs much, but he has missed Nie Mingjue this past week and he just wants to see him.
So he lets himself into the house like he usually does but he doesn’t call out for Nie Mingjue because he doesn’t want to startle him. A quiet evening, Nie Mingjue has said. Jiang Cheng can give him that, even with being present.
He just hopes he isn’t overstepping here.
Jiang Cheng puts his bag down by the door, toes off his shoes and then makes his way towards the kitchen first. Nie Mingjue does like to cook, so maybe Jiang Cheng will find him there, but when he enters the room, he finds dinner already packed away so clearly Nie Mingjue is done with that part of the evening.
The living-room it is then, Jiang Cheng decides.
He makes his way further into the house, briefly wondering about the fact that Nie Mingjue doesn’t even seem to be watching anything on the TV but by then he’s already stepping into the living-room. And what he sees makes him freeze in the doorway long before Nie Mingjue even notices him.
Nie Mingjue is seated on the couch, but he’s hunched over the table, one hand on top of it, while he applies nail polish with the other.
It’s not the first time Jiang Cheng has seen Nie Mingjue with nail polish, but usually it’s Nie Huaisang who applies it, claiming that he needs a test dummy to practice a new technique or something so this comes as quite the surprise to Jiang Cheng.
He’s not sure what alerts Nie Mingjue to his presence, but his head flies up, his eyes wide when he notices Jiang Cheng and Jiang Cheng is surprised to see the panic in his eyes.
“Wanyin,” Nie Mingjue breathes out, the nail polish forgotten in his hand and smearing carelessly onto his nails and Jiang Cheng shakes himself out of his surprise.
“You need to take better care,” he chides Nie Mingjue as he takes a Kleenex and quickly wipes the nail polish off the ruined nail.
It didn’t dry too much, so Nie Mingjue can simply redo it, he thinks.
“Hi,” he then belatedly says and presses a kiss to Nie Mingjue’s hand, thinking that Nie Mingjue still seems a little bit too shocked to receive a kiss to the lips.
“What are you doing here?” Nie Mingjue asks, still completely unmoving where he sits, the small brush remaining in his hand.
“Gimme that,” Jiang Cheng mutters and gently takes it from him, putting it back in the bottle and sealing it up. “I’m sorry for barging in like this, but I missed you,” Jiang Cheng then honestly tells him, still confused by the utter look of panic on Nie Mingjue’s face.
“I probably shouldn’t have come by, huh?” Jiang Cheng lowly asks with a regretful smile when Nie Mingjue stays silent and Nie Mingjue abruptly stands up.
“I said you were always welcome,” he gives back but he can’t quite meet Jiang Cheng’s eyes and Jiang Cheng can’t shake the feeling that he did something wrong.
That he messed up somehow.
“But not today, huh?” Jiang Cheng tries for a light voice, but he knows he misses the mark when Nie Mingjue frowns at him.
“I’m not—you weren’t supposed to see that,” Nie Mingjue says after a long moment, and belatedly hides his hand behind his back as if the nail polish bottle on the table alone wouldn’t have clued Jiang Cheng in on what he had been doing.
“Why not?” Jiang Cheng asks, because this hardly is the first time he sees Nie Mingjue like this, but something about it is clearly different than normally. “Huaisang put nail polish on you multiple times, didn’t he?” he asks, because he remembers the last time Nie Huaisang did it.
Nie Mingjue came to him with sparkling nails, rolling his eyes good naturedly when he told him Nie Huaisang was trying something new yet again.
Nie Mingjue clenches his jaw at the question and he turns away from Jiang Cheng, his shoulders hunched up.
“I said I wanted to be alone this evening,” Nie Mingjue snaps at him instead of answering the question and a year ago Jiang Cheng would have bristled and been hurt by his tone, letting all the insecurities back into his life, but he likes to think that he grew as a person.
He likes to think that he grew as Nie Mingjue’s boyfriend.
“You said you wanted a relaxing evening,” Jiang Cheng counters, though he keeps his voice even. “You did not tell me to stay away, and I thought we could be relaxing together. I’m sorry for assuming.”
It takes Nie Mingjue a few deep breaths before his shoulders finally come down from where he had them all drawn up.
“Don’t be. I should have been clear,” Nie Mingjue mutters and drags a hand over his face.
“What’s going on, my soul?” Jiang Cheng dares to ask, now that Nie Mingjue seems a bit more relaxed and he walks over to Nie Mingjue.
He slings his arms around his middle and presses his forehead to Nie Mingjue’s back between his shoulder blades and just feels Nie Mingjue breathe for a few moments.
“You weren’t supposed to see that,” Nie Mingjue says again and it makes just as much sense as it did the first time.
“Why not?” Jiang Cheng also repeats and Nie Mingjue slumps in his arms.
“It’s not always Huaisang,” Nie Mingjue whispers, and some of the tension seeps back into his form. “Applying the nail polish, I mean,” Nie Mingjue finishes when Jiang Cheng waits him out, and Jiang Cheng frowns.
“So?” he wants to know, because he still doesn’t understand where the problem is here.
“It’s not—why are you so calm?” Nie Mingjue wants to know and he breaks out of Jiang Cheng’s arms to pace the length of the living-room.
“I have seen you with nail polish before,” Jiang Cheng reminds him, very confused about what’s upsetting Nie Mingjue like this.
“Yeah, but it was Huaisang who put it on me, because he needed to practice,” Nie Mingjue shoots back and Jiang Cheng shrugs.
“So? Apparently he doesn’t always practice on you and you sometimes do it yourself. I don’t understand why that is such a big deal!”
“I like wearing nail polish!” Nie Mingjue almost yells at him and he throws his hands in the air. “I know I shouldn’t but I do, okay? And Huaisang only applies it for me half of the time at best, because mostly I do it on my own. It’s just—a convenient excuse,” Nie Mingjue confesses, but he doesn’t seem relieved to say it out loud.
Jiang Cheng mulls that over for a bit before he turns around and goes back to his bag.
He’s pretty sure he brought it with him, he thinks as he rummages around in it, but it takes him a good while to find it. Long enough for Nie Mingjue to show up in the doorway, his face pale and unhappy as he watches Jiang Cheng.
“What are you doing?” he asks when Jiang Cheng clearly takes too long looking for it, and when Jiang Cheng turns to look at him, he looks scared.
As if Jiang Cheng would leave him for something as silly as this.
“I’m looking for some—aha,” he triumphantly says when his fingers close around the small bottle and he keeps it hidden in his fist as he walks back to Nie Mingjue.
“I was going to give this to Huaisang with a subtle suggestion that maybe he should try this on his favourite test subject, but it seems like I don’t have to anymore,” Jiang Cheng says and takes Nie Mingjue’s hand in his to put the little bottle into his hand.
Nie Mingjue’s eyes get big when he sees that it’s a nail polish and he blinks twice before he turns his gaze back to Jiang Cheng.
“I think this colour would look very good on you,” Jiang Cheng says with a shrug and drags Nie Mingjue back into the living-room. “You don’t have to use it, obviously, if you don’t like the colour, but I just thought—well, why not, right?” Jiang Cheng goes on when Nie Mingjue stays silent for too long.
“You don’t—mind?” Nie Mingjue carefully asks. “That I want to wear nail polish?”
“Why would I?” Jiang Cheng gives back.
“It’s not what men should do?” Nie Mingjue shoots back and Jiang Cheng laughs.
“Yeah, well, according to some people men shouldn’t be dating either and that never stopped you,” he gives back with a teasing smile and he feels accomplished when Nie Mingjue smiles back at him.
“But that’s something you do as well,” Nie Mingjue still argues back as if Jiang Cheng would truly, honestly mind that Nie Mingjue does something he likes.
“You’re an idiot,” Jiang Cheng says and rolls his eyes. “For all that I care you could be wearing skirts and dresses and I would still love you. Hell, I hope you don’t mind that I sometimes wear make-up when we I go clubbing with A-Ying. The eyeliner does make my glares more cutting and I like it that way,” Jiang Cheng easily gives back and it’s not even a lie.
“But doesn’t Wei Wuxian apply that for you?”
“He used to, but not as a test dummy. He did it for me, because I wanted to. But I actually learned how to do it myself a while back, so I’m no longer reliant on the most unreliable person on the planet,” Jiang Cheng tells him.
It seems like Nie Mingjue wants to say something else, but Jiang Cheng is tired of hearing him worry about something this silly, so he takes Nie Mingjue’s face in his hands.
“My soul, listen. I don’t care. If you like wearing nail polish then by the gods, wear nail polish, no scheme needed, okay? If you want to learn how to do a mean eye-liner I can show you, and if you want to do anything else that’s not considered masculine I’ll support you, because it’s a stupid concept anyway. But I don’t mind, and I love you just as much as I did before.”
“I love you, too,” Nie Mingjue immediately gives back, but Jiang Cheng knows him well enough to see the relief on his face.
He was honestly worried that Jiang Cheng would be upset over this and Jiang Cheng cannot let this stand.
“I bought this nail polish with the explicit thought of you wearing it, my soul. If you don’t like the colour, that’s fine, but this is how much I mind that you want to wear nail polish. I’m gonna buy you all the nail polish if you really want,” Jiang Cheng promises and thinks back to the sparkling silver one he also saw.
He might have to buy that one next.
“I love you,” Nie Mingjue says again, but this time he sounds much firmer and way more settled and Jiang Cheng smiles at him.
“Good,” Jiang Cheng nods. “Now, did you really not want to see me or is it okay if I stay and we do our respective thing or whatever?” he asks, looking down at the abandoned nail polish on the table, the one Nie Mingjue was applying before Jiang Cheng barged in.
“I would like it if you stayed,” Nie Mingjue says and leans forward to kiss Jiang Cheng. “Hi, by the way.”
“Hi,” Jiang Cheng breathes out when they part, a silly smile on his face that drops when Nie Mingjue gets up. “Where are you going? I was just getting started,” he complaints and makes grabby hands at Nie Mingjue.
“Be a good boy, I need to get some remover for this,” Nie Mingjue says with a laugh and wriggles his fingers at Jiang Cheng.
“What? Why? I thought we established that it’s okay! I didn’t make you mess it all up, did I?” he asks, reaching out for Nie Mingjue’s hand to inspect his nails personally.
It seems like most of the polish dried without a problem so he doesn’t understand why Nie Mingjue would want to remove it again.
“You didn’t,” Nie Mingjue reassures him and bends down to kiss Jiang Cheng’s forehead. “But you brought me a colour that is so much nicer than what I have here and I want to try it immediately,” Nie Mingjue then tells him and Jiang Cheng sighs out in relief.
“Alright then,” he allows. “That’s the only reason I will let pass.”
“How generous of you,” Nie Mingjue throws over his shoulder as he walks into the bathroom.
Jiang Cheng makes himself comfortable on the couch and it’s not long before Nie Mingjue is back. He gets to work almost immediately, and Jiang Cheng is very content simply watching him meticulously cleaning the old polish off his nails, before he leaves again to wash the remaining remover off.
Jiang Cheng tries to hold very still when Nie Mingjue applies the new colour, not wanting him to mess anything up, and when he’s done Jiang Cheng carefully takes one of his hands to admire the new colour.
“I knew this colour would look amazing on you,” he breathes out and kisses the back of Nie Mingjue’s hand, before he slides under his arm and snuggles into his side, still mindful of the wet polish.
“Thank you for thinking of me when you saw it,” Nie Mingjue whispers back and hugs Jiang Cheng close.
“I’m always thinking of you,” Jiang Cheng tells him. “It’s a problem, honestly.”
“I don’t think so,” Nie Mingjue chuckles. “I’m thinking of you all the time, too.”
“As you should,” Jiang Cheng decides and then reaches for the remote for the TV.
They spend the rest of the evening snuggled together, almost not speaking at all, but Jiang Cheng can see the satisfied and happy look on Nie Mingjue’s face when he can’t stop ghosting his fingers over Nie Mingjue’s freshly painted nails.
It really is Nie Mingjue’s colour and Jiang Cheng vows to get him many more. Anything to see him this happy again, he decides.
"Ouch!”
Caleb blinked, chalk in hand, slow to extract his mind from the haze of equations and arcane runes he was tracing on the laboratory floor.  He looked up and caught Essek in the middle of trying to untangle one of his earrings from the collar of his shirt.
“Apologies,” Essek said.  “I did not mean to interrupt you.”
“Nein,  it is fine.  Is that a frequent problem?”
Essek winced and made a rueful face.  “The price I pay for being fashionable, I’m afraid,” he said.
“Let me.”
“Let you what…?”
The way Essek trailed off at the touch of his hand should have clued him in first, but as it was, Caleb was too focused on the delicate chain that had somehow become thoroughly snarled with some fancy beadwork.  It took long seconds to work it free without tugging too hard on the skin of Essek’s earlobe.
“Maybe you should wear something more practical for the laboratory,” Caleb said, in the hopes that a joke would save Essek some embarrassment.  “Save this finery for another time.”
Essek made some kind of noise that was difficult to quantify.  Caleb paused, suddenly  acutely  aware of how close they were, how his fingertips kept brushing the elegant slope of Essek’s neck… and how Essek was now holding himself with absolute stillness, resolutely looking in the other direction.  Caleb couldn’t even hear him breathing.  He made an effort to work a little quicker.
“There we are.”  Caleb laid the silver chain back where it belonged, just beneath Essek’s pointed ear.  But Essek flinched away from the touch and stood quickly, retreating from the room with haste.
“I’ll… go change.  Into something less, ah, perilous for the work.  Just wait here, please.  Don’t follow.”
Caleb figured it out later, when he witnessed another drow flirtatiously fondle the earrings of her companion, only for both of them to be scolded by an elder for “indecent behavior in public,  in front of children”.   He spent at least an hour face down in his room, thoroughly berating himself and wondering if he should apologize, and eventually decided the safest thing to do was feign ignorance of local customs and never bring it up again.
“Caleb, a moment?”
Caleb blew on his chilled fingers one more time and wished that,  for once,  he and his friends could adventure in warmer climes.   “Ja?    I assume you’ll be heading straight back to Rosohna now?"
Essek nodded, hovering gracefully above the snow as the wind whipped his mantle around.  He looked effortlessly majestic and wind-tousled and also like he would rather be anywhere else but here.  “Yes, this is all certainly not for me.  But I wished to… well.”
He held out a pair of gloves.  They were very nice gloves.  Midnight blue and fur-lined, with sturdy stitching and decorative silver and gold patterns along the edges.   Caleb did not understand at first that he was meant to take them.  When he did, his cheeks blazed hot enough to melt the falling snowflakes.
“That… uh… those are…”
“I had them made for myself,” Essek said, as if wishing to downplay the gesture.  “But they are a little large.  And, ah, I had noticed you were not in possession of gloves the last time I offered my Teleportation services…”
Caleb barely restrained himself from making an off-color joke about the sort of offer Essek was unwittingly making now.  But it was so clearly a cultural misunderstanding.  Essek had never been to the northern regions of the Empire, he could not  possibly  understand the connotations.  And… and Caleb supposed this was a fitting turnaround from when he had accidentally come on to Essek in his own laboratory.
He took the gloves.   Not  for any reason other than his fingers were cold and it was an innocent, well-intentioned gift from a friend.  No need to embarrass Essek in front of everyone.
Oh gods, everyone was watching him get flustered over a pair of fucking gloves.  This was a nightmare.  Caleb would very much like to be eaten by a dragon right now.
“Thank you,” Caleb said, the gloves clutched to his chest.  Because taking them was one thing, but actually  putting them on  in front of Essek would be like the opening paragraph of a very bad smut book.
Essek eyed him strangely, but nodded.  “I will take my leave.  Best of luck with the dragon.”
The moment Essek was gone, Beau sidled up to Caleb and nudged him.  “Dude, are you  blushing?”
“Blumenthal is a very cold place,” Caleb muttered defensively.
Beau threw her head back and cackled.
Somehow, Caleb felt that he should have been more prepared for this.  Den Thelyss had granted them a whole  house  to reside in, so it had only been a matter of time before the Mighty Nein were invited to formally meet the Umavi herself.  Essek had seemed uncharacteristically nervous about it, but he had coached them well on everything from the silverware and seating arrangements to how to correctly address his mother.
“You are the Empire wizard, then?” Deirta said the moment she laid eyes on Caleb, and her stern bearing instantly launched him back in time to other such soirees he had attended, other nobility he had been tasked to curry favor with.  It was unnervingly easy to fall back on his training, bowing low over her hand and introducing himself without a stutter in sight.
He thought he noticed Essek looking at him curiously, but they were too quickly swept off to dinner and surrounded on all sides by high-ranking members of Den Thelyss.  Deirta was at the head of the table with her son beside her, and Caleb on Essek’s other side.  The rest of the Nein, normally so loud and boisterous over their meals, were making a valiant effort to be… not so boisterous.  It was eerie.  He did not like it.
“Yes, Caleb is an exemplary student,” Essek said when Deirta inquired after the progress of their lessons.  His tone was flat and factual, but the words warmed Caleb.  “His advancement in the field of dunamancy has been most impressive.”
“Hm,” Deirta said.  She picked up her wine glass and swirled the liquid.  “And what is it you hope to accomplish with this knowledge, Master Widogast?  I do wonder, from the way you’ve been monopolizing my son’s time, distracting him from his duties to Den and Crown…”
“Mother,” Essek murmured.
Caleb cleared his throat.  “I have always been a man who seeks knowledge for the sake of it,” he said.  “Dunamancy is a fascinating art, which I have seen perverted by my own people in numerous ways.  To have the opportunity to learn here in the Dynasty, from one so accomplished and capable as Shadowhand Essek, is truly a privilege that I do not take for granted.”
Deirta did not seem to have anything to say to that, merely sipping her wine and turning to converse with Yasha about her tribal markings.  Caleb noticed Essek worrying at his napkin on the table and took a moment while no one was watching to lay a hand on his wrist, just to offer reassurance.
One of the other nobles made a choked noise.  Someone dropped a fork.  Deirta snapped her attention back to Caleb, visibly incensed, eyes riveted on where his fingers had made contact with Essek’s bare skin.
Caleb froze, confused, aware from the tense silence that he had misstepped somehow and not knowing how to rectify it.  Essek looked to Caleb with blatant terror in his eyes, pulse racing under his fingers.
Caleb let go.  “Fjord!” he said quickly.  “I think you had a story for us about your time as a sailor?”
Beside him, Fjord nearly choked.  “I did?  I do?"
“You  do,”  Caleb emphasized and reached over to grip Fjord's wrist very tightly.  “I’m sure you have any number of tales to tell?  To entertain us?”
Fjord clearly had no idea what Caleb was talking about, but he pulled himself together and launched into an epic and possibly exaggerated recounting of a battle with some pirates.  Caduceus (bless that perceptive man) also made a point of patting Yasha’s bare forearm beside him, very casual about it.   This is what we do, we uncultured heathens of the Empire,  he said without saying.    Nothing scandalous to see here.
Deirta set down her wine glass and, with only a brief glare at her son, settled back to politely listen.  Essek let out a shaky, nearly inaudible breath, and his hand retreated beneath the mantle.
Much later, several days after the incident, Caleb broke down and bought a few Kryn romance novels.  A quick read through gave him all the context he needed.  A touch on the wrist in the Dynasty was essentially the equivalent of flashing a big sign that read,  This is my lover, I claim them, they are mine.    That was bad enough, but oh, it was so much  worse,  because depending on the circumstances, in the company of jilted exes and disapproving family, it amounted to an open threat.   This is my lover, and I don’t appreciate how you treat them, back off.
Yasha found Caleb repeatedly bashing his head into the wall of his bedroom and chanting, “Stupid, stupid, stupid, stupid…”
“What’s wrong?”
“I think,” Caleb whimpered, “I nearly challenged Deirta Thelyss over the honor of her son,  in her own home.”
“Oooh,  that’s  what that was about?”
Yasha picked up one of the books and read the page he had left it open on.  By the time Caleb gathered his composure and looked up, she was smiling softly.  “We don’t have funny little traditions like this where I’m from.  It’s all prearranged, nobody gets to choose.  Zuala and I had to figure it out as we went.  We… made our own language, almost.  We used to whistle to each other in the dead of night, pretending to be nightbirds, just so we could talk to each other.”
“That sounds beautiful,” Caleb admitted.
“It was hard,” Yasha said, in her blunt way.  “But yes, looking back now, it was beautiful.  She sang to me.  I brought her flowers.  Those rituals were ours and no one else’s.”
She handed him back the book and squeezed his shoulder with her massive hand.  “I think Essek would like it if you learned more about the Kryn way of courtship.  I’m rooting for you, Caleb.”
Caleb opened his mouth to deny that he had  any  intention of courting Essek, but Yasha was already gone, off to the training room where he could hear Beau pummeling a practice dummy.  Having nothing better to do, Caleb went back to bashing his head on the wall.
“Stupid, stupid, stupid…”
“Are you  sure  you’re okay, Caleb?”
Caleb was most decidedly  not okay.   He was limping, for one thing, and had been for the entire walk from Essek’s tower to The Xhorhaus.  Being hurtled headfirst into a solid stone wall by gravity magic was nothing to sneeze at.  He was lucky Essek had managed to cushion the blow somewhat and keep his skull from shattering like an egg.
“I’ll just have Jester or Caduceus look me over.”  Caleb made an effort to smile and play it off, despite how his vision was blurring at the edges.  “It’s fine, Essek.  Experiments go wrong, these things happen.  You don’t need to apologize again.”
Essek still hovered near him anxiously.  “Do you need me to get the door for you?”
“I think I can manage a  door,”  Caleb said.  He fumbled with the lock and the key, trying to remember how one worked with the other… and the next thing he knew, he was lying on the ground and looking up at a very worried Essek.
“Be still, Caleb!  You nearly hit your head again!”
Caleb groaned.  “Maybe I’ll just nap here for a moment.”
“You’ll do no such thing!  Just let me…”
He felt himself being lifted, body cradled by gravity magic, with Essek’s hands lightly touching his back and legs to guide him along.  Caleb heard him cast Knock to open the door, and he groaned again as he was ushered across the threshold.  “This is becoming a bad habit…”
“What do you mean?” Essek asked, but he was almost immediately interrupted by a squealing Jester, who had hurried in from the dining room to answer the door.
“Ooooohh, Caleb, Essek!  You look like you just got maaaaarried!”
Caleb hid his burning face in his hands.  Essek sputtered.  “I beg your pardon?”
“That!” Jester cried, pointing in glee.  “That’s how newlyweds enter their house together for the first time.  One carries the other inside, to protect them from any  evil spirits  lurking around the threshold.  You two make a  really  good-looking couple!”
Caleb dared to peek between his fingers, though he wasn’t sure why he was torturing himself in this way.  Essek really did look  very  attractive from this angle.  There was a single freckle just under his chin that Caleb had never noticed before and that he knew he would be fantasizing about later, in private.  And… maybe it was Caleb’s imagination, but he was also close enough to see a deep purplish blush creeping up the side of his neck.
“…I have to go,” Essek said curtly.  He set Caleb down on his feet, gave him a light shove in Jester’s direction, and was out the door before Caleb could even turn around.  “Please check on Caleb.  He took a hard blow to the head.”
Jester gasped.  “You got  hurt,  Caleb?”  She helped him hobble to the dining room and hollered over her shoulder.   “CADUCEUS!  Caleb needs healing!”
“But you’re a cleric?” Caleb mumbled and was soundly ignored.  He sat down and laid his head on the table and pretended not to hear Jester talking about immortalizing the image of Essek carrying him in her sketchbook.
Things got a little out of hand in Aeor.
Granted, they had probably been heading in this direction all along.  Despite the lack of privacy, the broken trust in their past, the uncertain future ahead, there seemed to be… an  acknowledgement  growing between them.  Not an acceptance, not yet (and maybe not ever), but it was fun and freeing to openly flirt with Essek and not be too concerned about how it looked from the outside.  Showboating as they cast spells in tandem, bringing Essek piles of ancient books and artifacts for later study, casually making sure his dear friend had all the gloves and socks he could ask for in his Tower room.  Caleb even dared to pass Essek the last bite of an apple he had been munching on and spent the rest of that short rest absurdly hot and bothered watching him eat it.   It’s a Blumenthal thing, he told Veth later and earned a shit-eating grin and a wink for his trouble.
He couldn't be sure, since the Kryn as a whole seemed much more reserved when it came to these things.  But he thought that Essek… might be reciprocating?  There definitely seemed to be a lot more casual touching than Caleb was used to.   On his bare wrist,  even, and when the ever-loving  fuck  had that part of his body become so sensitive?  Essek had removed his earrings when the cold threatened to cause frostbite, but he had made a point of giving the silver chain to Caleb for supposed safekeeping, in front of witnesses, which felt very significant, though Essek had turned away quickly and changed the subject.  There were moments of silence in the middle of rambunctious group antics, moments when their eyes met across the dome and they seemed to hold an entire conversation in a span of heartbeats.  Moments that were just for the two of them, in the Salon and the Chamber of Possibility, and once memorably in Caleb’s own room where Essek had been exhausted enough to slip into trance and Caleb had done the gentlemanly thing and carried him to bed (with gravity magic, he was  so  glad to have learned that trick), then taken the couch in the other room for himself.
Weirdly, Caleb had expected a lot more reaction to that one, but apparently in a society where sleep was unnecessary and many drow did not even have beds, the offer to share one’s bed did not hold the same nuance.  But he  had  noticed Essek nearly choking on his tongue when he saw the chaise lounge in the Salon, and Caleb definitely had some questions about  that  later, eventually, if the topic ever came up.  A selfish part of him hoped it would.   Stay on task, Widogast.
“Caleb, behind you!”
The Aeorian absorber sank its teeth deep into Caleb’s calf and dragged him away from the others at a terrifying speed.  He clawed at the stone, shouting, and saw Fjord break off from the skirmish to charge in his direction.  Two Eldritch blasts later, Caleb was being picked up by Yasha and unceremoniously flung behind a pillar for protection.  Jester and Essek were both at his side in an instant, standing shoulder to shoulder to keep anything from approaching.
Sprawled flat on his back, seeing another two absorbers lunge from the shadows to join the fray, Caleb muttered, “Fuck  this,”  and cast Widogast’s Web of Fire.
The rest of the fight was very short-lived.
Veth whooped and pumped her fist.   “That’s  how you fucking do it!”
“I’m almost out of spell slots,” Jester said, sighing and pouting even as she knelt to pass her glowing hands over Caleb’s leg.  “You should  really  stop getting hurt so much.”
“I do try,” Caleb said.  He hissed and morbidly watched his skin and muscle knit itself back together.  A very sharp fang nearly the same length as his little finger slid out of the wound and dropped to the ground.  He picked it up and wiped the blood off, fascinated.
“We should not stay here,” Essek said, still nervously watching their surroundings.  “The noise might attract more.”
“Get a move on, everyone,” Fjord encouraged and passed Beau a potion while Caduceus finished tending to Yasha.
Caleb gripped Jester’s hand and let her pull him upright, his leg only throbbing a little.  As he passed by Essek, he offered the fang in the palm of his hand with a weak smile.
“Here.  Souvenir.”
Essek did not take the fang.  But he did stare at it raptly, eyes gone very wide.  Caleb watched how Essek swallowed and wet his lips, and his gut curdled with a familiar chagrin.
“Schiesse,  what have I done now?  Is it the tooth?  The fact that it’s from a beast I killed?”
“Ah… both, a little bit?” Essek stammered.  He darted a shy look up at Caleb.  “It’s an old tradition, rather crude.  A show of one’s prowess.  Most modern couples do not actually take part in a hunt.  Much easier and safer and no less romantic to buy the services of a mercenary for the deed.”
“Right.”  Caleb was positive his face was bright red by now.  This might mark the first time either of them had actually talked about this, and he suddenly did not want to have the discussion  here,  in the depths of dangerous ruins and surrounded by nosy friends.  “Never mind, then.  Sorry.  I’ll just toss it…”
“I never said I did not want it.”
Caleb temporarily lost the power of speech.  He could only watch as Essek carefully plucked the fang from his palm and traced a finger along the sharp point.  “As you said.  A souvenir.”
Before he could retreat any further, Caleb gently closed his hands around Essek’s, folding his fingers over the fang and giving a gentle squeeze.  They were so close now, caught in this moment like insects in amber.  Essek’s lashes fluttered prettily when he looked up at Caleb again, and there were  so many emotions  flickering in those blue-violet eyes.  Had he always been so easy to read, or was Caleb just better at reading him now?  Or was Essek deliberately letting him see behind the mask he had held up for so long?  Caleb caught a glimpse of that freckle again and wanted, desperately, to tilt Essek's chin so he could swoop in and kiss it.
“Hey, lovebirds!   We’re moving on!”
They jerked apart at Beau’s shout.  Essek slipped the fang into his Wristpocket and led the way back to the others, once more in control and focused on their task.  Caleb rubbed his face and busied himself with his component pouch so he wouldn’t have to endure Veth’s knowing look and Jester’s gleeful giggles.  Yasha looked very pleased, Caduceus looked very approving, and Fjord looked very tired.
“I wonder if this is a good time to practice The Shovel Talk?” Veth wondered out loud, with absolutely zero subtlety.
Essek glanced at Caleb sidelong.   Shovel Talk?  he mouthed.  Caleb shook his head and forged onward.
Shockingly, they did  not jump each other on the first night they had the Tower to themselves.  The place felt empty without the rest of the Nein, though Caleb kept all of their rooms and made sure their presence was felt in the decorations and the stained glass and the little dicks and unicorns painted in random corners.  He kept honestly forgetting about the chaise lounge, displayed prominently before the hearth in the Salon, and Essek was either too polite or embarrassed to mention it, despite the fact that they both spent most of their downtime together in that room, either reading or resting or preparing for the next expedition into Aeor’s depths.
Tonight, nine days after destroying the T-dock, Caleb nursed a glass of strong brandy while he nestled into his favorite reading nook on a plush loveseat.  Gazing up at all of those books he had read and wondering if any of them could distract him from the last little shreds of doubt he was still wrestling with.
“Am I disturbing you?”
“Never, my friend,” Caleb said, mustering up a smile.  Essek drifted to the seat at his side and sank down, hands folded in his lap.  “What’s on your mind?”
Essek breathed out through his nose, the corner of his lip twitching.  “At the moment?  Far too much.  But… I have been working on something, and I should like to ask for a second opinion.”
Caleb pulled himself up a little straighter and set his drink aside.  “Gladly.  I could use the distraction.  What have you…?”
Essek pulled out two matching rings.  Caleb somehow resisted the impulse to down the rest of his brandy one gulp.
“I have been working on a way to stabilize dunamis, in much the same way that Veth’s husband managed to distill it into a potion."  Essek leaned closer to show Caleb the rings.  They were very beautiful, identical with deep violet stones set in platinum that sparkled in the light.  A closer look revealed that the stones were uncut pieces of the very dunamis gem that Essek had used to grant them rest and rejuvenation just before the final confrontation with Lucien.  “And… I have also been toying with a way to recreate that experimental spell we came up with.”
“…that  you came up with,” Caleb said, mouth very dry.  “I may have helped a little, but it was mostly you.”
“We will agree to disagree,” Essek retorted, but his tone was light.  An inside joke, just for the two of them.  “Anyway.  I think I have managed  something with these.  But for now, they must be used in tandem, so that one gem is not overloaded and ends up shattered.  And unfortunately, the time field only affects the two wearers and grants them the effects of a long rest condensed into one hour.  But I think with a little further tinkering, maybe I can shorten the necessary…”
“Should we try it, then?”
“Oh, yes, forgive me.”  Essek slipped one of the rings onto the middle finger of his right hand.  Caleb reached for the other and was caught completely unprepared when Essek grasped his left hand himself and slid the ring onto the fourth finger.  It hardly even caught on his knuckle, a perfect fit, and the sight of that finger bearing a ring  made by Essek,  those beloved dark-skinned hands tenderly cradling his own, sent Caleb into such a spiral of conflicting emotions that Essek had to call his name several times.
“Caleb?  Caleb!  What is wrong?  Is the enchantment… oh Light, is it hurting you?”
“No, no,” Caleb said quickly and pulled his hand back before Essek could wrench the ring off.  Then he wondered why he was so opposed to taking the blasted thing off.  He should not be entertaining such fanciful notions in the first place.  Caleb tilted his hand, watching the dim light play over the gem and reflect back like stars.  “It is definitely not the magic," he said hoarsely.
Essek studied him for a moment before he finally seemed to understand.  “Ah.  I see.”  He fiddled with his own ring, looked toward the fire, then the stained glass window, and finally back at Caleb.  “Could you perhaps… explain?  I’m afraid I do not understand.”
Caleb snickered.  He did not mean to, and he quickly muffled it with his hand, but it still made Essek frown.  “Sorry, sorry.  I’m not laughing at you.  It’s only…  generally,  a ring is worn on the fourth finger on the left hand to indicate that the wearer is married, or intending to be married very soon.  The ring itself is often chosen by their lover and presented in just the fashion that you have done, as part of a matched set.  There is a  very important part of the wedding ceremony in which the lovers place the rings on one another in the midst of saying their vows.”
With every word, Essek seemed to sink a little more into the loveseat, like he was trying to will the planet to increase gravity and swallow him up.  He worried at his lip and took a deep breath.  “You mean to tell me that, of  all the fingers  I could have chosen to place that ring on…?”
“You chose the one that indicates your, ah,  intentions,”  Caleb said, now giggling uncontrollably.  He grabbed a pillow and pressed his face into it, shaking and wheezing and knowing he was only getting himself into further hot water.
“It is not funny!”
“Oh, yes it is!  It’s hilarious!”
“Caleb Widogast!  I will take that ring back right now if you do not cease this!”
Far from calming him down, Caleb howled with laughter and felt another pillow  whap  him on the shoulder in retribution.  He threw up his hands.   “Nein, nein!   I surrender!  Please don’t take it back, we can resize it!”
Essek scoffed, puffed up like an angry cat, and gave him one last half-hearted smack with the pillow.  Caleb slumped into the cushions and rolled his head toward Essek, genuinely curious now.  “How does the Dynasty indicate marriage, then?  If not by rings?”
“Interestingly enough, we also use jewelry,” Essek said, lips pursed.  He seemed mollified for now, or at least just enough to be willing to answer questions of a scholarly nature.  “Not any specific piece, though.  You may have noticed that most citizens of Rosohna wear jewelry, regardless of rank and status?”
Caleb nodded.  He had wondered at that.  Even in the poorest of districts, the citizens still ornamented themselves heavily, even if it was only glass and costume jewelry.
“A marriage is indicated by wearing a piece that does not match the rest,” Essek explained, voice growing softer now.  “One that stands out visibly.  An emerald upon a person who wears primarily rubies, for example.  Or a single gold pendant where all the rest is silver.  It varies by individual and by how overt or subtle they wish to be of the union.”
Caleb traced his eyes over the silver and sapphires adorning Essek’s ear and tried not to envision a small amber buried in there somewhere, glimmering like a secret.  “I see.”
Essek turned his head, and Caleb noticed him peeking down at the ring again before he sighed.  “You do not need to wear it,” he said.  “We can save this experiment for another time.”
“What if I wish to wear it?” Caleb said, then immediately cursed his traitorous mouth when Essek gaped at him.  Caleb took the ring off and switched it to the fourth finger of his right hand instead.  “This hand… it is less common.  It still has meaning, but less, ah, formal significance.”
“Oh?”
Caleb told himself very sternly to resist that tone, the insatiable curiosity that was so very alluring on someone like Essek.  “Worn on the right hand, it still indicates a commitment to another.  A promise of beginnings, a promise of oneself.  A choice made to take the leap together and see what comes of it.”
He hadn’t meant to be so poetic with it.  He was a fool and a disaster, and now Essek was looking at him with such warmth, such openness, and he couldn’t stand it.  Caleb had no right to ask anything of him.  Any happiness he could give to Essek now would not be worth the bereavement that would follow in fifty or sixty years when Caleb’s lifespan ran its course.  He knew what it was to live with such grief, and he could not be worth it.  Essek deserved so much more.
And yet…
“Caleb,” Essek murmured.  His hand came to rest on Caleb’s, thumb tenderly stroking the sensitive skin on his inner wrist.  “I need to know what this means.  Please, we have been dancing around it for so long, and I cannot bear it.”
Oh, he was so very  weak,  and his friends were going to be insufferable.  Caleb breathed in and turned his hand so that he could grip Essek’s wrist in return, which earned him a sharp inhale and dark, heavy eyes locked with his own.  “It means that, if you want… if you were of a mood to… then I would not wish to be parted from you just yet.  I know there are obstacles, and I still need to go home and fix up that whole mess, and I don’t know what the future looks like.  But in this time we have spent together, I have grown to…”  He had to pause there, words like  care  and  love  and  admire  and  cherish swelling in his throat and making it difficult to draw breath.  “And I think that you have as well?”
Essek reached out and pulled him into an embrace.  Caleb clung to his shoulders, relief and joy coursing through him, and for once the sorrow was secondary, unimportant.  He spoke the rest into Essek’s ear.  “So if you were open to it, I would remain close to you for all of my days.  Or for as long as we both wish it.”
Essek pulled back only enough to look into his eyes, a shaky exhale leaving his lips.  “I would be  very open to it,” he whispered and kissed him.
It was a long time (a  very long time) later that they decided to move this over to the chaise lounge, and Caleb had the satisfaction of hearing Essek moan as he laid him down, even before any clothing had been removed.
Caleb awoke to an empty bed and cold sheets.  Jester had insisted it was bad luck for he and Essek to see one another on the wedding day, until the very ceremony itself, and though it was inconvenient and unpleasant, far be it from Caleb to encroach upon tradition.  He rose and stretched and passed a hand over his stubble, recalling with a grin how Essek had forbidden him from shaving on this most auspicious of days.   I like how it feels when you kiss me,  Essek had confessed, almost hiding in the pillow as he said it, because even after ten years together, his  liebling still seemed to find touch and gesture an easier love language than actual words.
He found a note on the mirror in the bathroom.  Caleb raised an eyebrow, checked his wards and found them intact.  When he picked up the note and unfolded it, he smiled at the sight of Veth’s handwriting.
To Caleb Widogast,
We have kidnapped your betrothed!
Well,  that was an ominous start, Caleb thought.
(This is Veth and Jester and Beau and Kingsley, by the way.  Don’t freak out, everything is fine!)
Ah, what considerate friends he had.  There was even a little doodle of a cat to make him feel better about his soon-to-be husband being absconded in the night.
We looked up some of the wedding traditions from your hometown, and we’re all just a little miffed that you failed to inform us of this one super cool custom called Brautentführung.
“Ah,” Caleb said, openly smiling now.  A very outdated custom, not even practiced anymore.  He truly had no clue how much digging Beau must have done in the Cobalt Soul to find this one.
Here’s how it works, pal!  We have your betrothed, and we are taking him on THE most EPIC pub crawl of all time.  Your mission, should you choose to accept it, is to follow the clues and chase us down and win him back before the Big Hour is upon us at sunset.  There will be games!  There will be challenges!  There will be Teleportation, so use your spell slots wisely!  You will receive a new clue at each pub until you reach the final destination—
(Here, Nott had written down The Lavish Chateau, only to cross it out.  Perhaps upon realizing that Caleb could just skip the hard part and go straight to the end goal.)
Your first clue will be found at The Evening Nip in Zadash, where you must first best The Gentleman in a game of cards.  Good luck!
At the bottom of the note was a small postscript in Essek’s neat handwriting.
Caleb, I feel it prudent to inform you that I am participating in this tradition of my own free will and volition.  I happily await my “rescue”, unless of course you have any objection to this.  In which case, you need only Send word, and I will at once Teleport myself from the clutches of my gaolers.  Either way, I fully intend to marry you on this day. —Essek
“Well, then,” Caleb said.  He set the note down and took the time to wash his face before he dressed, idly stroking one of the cats as he passed by the bed.  “I supposed I had better get started.”
He donned his holster and spellbook, checked that his component pouch was fully equipped with everything he might need, and put on his promise ring last of all, the shard of the dunamis gem still bright and gleaming after all these years.  Facing the window and the rising sun, he raised a copper wire to his mouth.
“I received the note, and I am on my way.  I hope they are treating you well.”  He smiled and couldn’t resist a bit of gallantry.  “Never fear,  liebling.   I will always find you.”
From somewhere very far away, he heard Essek laughing.   “Do not keep me waiting, my love.”
Marcy Wu didn’t always sleep the best. This had, more or less, been the case for the majority of her life for one reason or another. It used to be that she had trouble calming her very active mind down. Her brain reasoned that there were so many other things that it could be doing, thinking, or solving instead of relaxing and going to sleep. Her mind was her place to go when she needed time to herself. It had made her sleep pattern irregular, but manageable. Something her younger self could deal with. But, her insomnia had only gotten worse after the events in Amphibia. It was understandable, given the collective trauma she and her girlfriends had all endured there. Each one of them was a little messed up in some way. All had their traumas that seemed to bubble up. For Marcy, dreams were the most common manifestations of these things.
It always started with a streak of guilt through her heart. The frantic beat of being caught in a lie. The horror on the other girls’ faces as they stepped away from her in shock. Her desperate, almost manic fear as she tried to convince both them and herself that it was all worth it in the end.

No, come back, don’t leave me alone, please, I need you-

Then, the hot pain of a blade running through her torso. A gurgled gasp from her mouth as the calamity box slipped from her fingers, trembling far too much to keep holding it. The smell of chemicals. Many red eyes opening up to stare into her very soul. Surrounding her on all sides. It wanted something from her, yet. It wasn’t done with her. Green covered everything she could see and taste. She was drowning, drowning-
Such was the same dream she found herself trapped in tonight. The dream ends the same way it always does. Her body jolts up from the bed, chest burning and heaving with panic, hand grasping desperately at the thin fabric of her pajama top. The woman can almost feel the scar lighting up with the same pain of that fateful day. Taste the chemicals on her tongue. Feel the eyes. They won’t let her leave. They’ll never let her go.
She takes a few gulps of air and finds her feet taking her off the bed, trying to do it in a way that doesn’t disturb the other occupants. Even in her state of panic, she tries to make herself small. Not burden her sleeping girlfriends with her issues. This has happened enough times. Too many to count over the years. She has to be able to handle this without them, to let them be able to have a good night’s rest where she can’t. They’ve dealt with this for long enough already. Shakily, she makes her way to the adjoining bathroom and flicks the light on. Cold water splashing into her face is a horrible experience for someone just out of a nightmare, but the bitter cold forces away the phantom sensations of her past. She grunts as she does so and clenches her teeth when the reaction is exactly as jarring as expected. Water dripping off her face and hair, Marcy slowly looks into the mirror.
The woman who stares back at her looks like a mess. Her short, black hair hangs in miserable, wet clumps of cold sweat and colder water. The darkness under her eyes makes her lack of sleep obvious. Her body’s trembling is obvious as can be, her hands gripping the sink in a shaking grasp. Marcy looks like she’s coming unwound at the seams. Her hands clench at the sink harder, shame and frustration surging through the woman’s body. All this happened years ago. She should be over this by now. She’s so tired of going back to that place over and over again. So much has changed for the better. Why can’t she be happy?
Her voice dribbles out as a wet, pathetic mutter. Tears continue to hit the sink, a hair’s breadth away from sobbing. “Damn it… Just let me sleep. Please, I’m so tired...”
She jumps when she hears a gentle knocking on the bathroom door. Anne is standing in the doorway, an expression of concern written plainly on her face. Any other time, Marcy would focus on delightfully tousled look her girlfriend has going on. Her hair is a mess, like always. Her eyes are still sleepy, despite the concern in them. Her t-shirt’s sleeve has slid down her shoulder to expose a bit of brown skin. Exactly the kind of opening Sasha always liked to lean in and nibble on. For some reason, she only has one sock on. It’s so delightfully Anne. And, any other time she might be overjoyed to see her like this.
But, her mind is still shaking off the depressive effects of her nightmare. And, all she can really feel is shame and a certain amount of horror that Anne has to see her like this again. Her head drops, dark hair flopping wetly in front of her eyes as Anne softly murmurs her name. Marcy swallows a lump in her throat and tries to keep her voice level. But, it ends up coming out as more of a croak. “I was trying not to wake you guys up. Is Sasha-”
“Still asleep. Sleeps like a log, y’know? That’s our Sash.” Anne offers with a small smile, glancing back as they both hear a low snore come from the bedroom. Then, a mutter and someone turning over in their sleep before another snore rings out. “You know, I don’t think that broken nose of hers ever healed right. I keep telling her to get that looked at.”
She can tell that Anne is trying to distract her a bit. Get her mind working toward something else. If there’s one thing that can easily occupy Marcy’s mind, it’s her girls. She appreciates the effort. She sniffles and wipes her face with her shaking forearm. Her breathing hasn’t really gotten any better, still quiet and too fast. “Y-Yeah. I thought about getting her some nasal strips to help with her snoring, but there were so many different kinds and I… wanted to research which ones would work best for her. C-Can’t have sub-par nasal strips.”
Marcy feels Anne’s arms gently wrap around her waist, her face gently pressing between her shoulder and her neck. She lays a soft kiss there and carefully hugs the other girl back against her. Anne is warm and comfortable from the bed, a far cry from the cold, sticky sweat Marcy seems to have all over her. She doesn’t speak for a few moments, simply holding her girlfriend against her in a manner that makes Marcy’s breathing steadily begin to slow. “Do you want to talk about it?”
“Not really. It’s the same thing every time. What more is there to talk about?” Marcy replies quietly, letting out a tiny breath. Her hand comes up to, subconsciously, trace her fingers along the large scar along her chest through her clothes. “I just wish I could stop going back there. Wish I could stop feeling it like it’s happening when I know it’s just in my stupid brain. Wish I could stop having to burden you guys to bring me back down-”
“Hey. For the record, your brain is awesome. You’ve got a big, beautiful brain, Marcy.”
“Anne, stop-”
“Let me finish.” Anne murmurs, carefully raising her own hand up. It follows Marcy’s own nervous trail up her scar. There’s not many people in the world she’d let do that. But, Anne and Sasha are more important to than anything in her life. “You’ve got a big, beautiful brain. A big, beautiful brain that got hurt. And, sometimes, it just needs a little help to remember the bad things aren’t still happening. That’s nothing to be ashamed over. It was a traumatic experience. It’s not something that you can just… get rid of, unfortunately. I wish it was. If I could take back all the awful things that happened to you guys, I...”
Anne nuzzles her closer, sighing softly. “But, I can promise that you’ll never be alone against it. Me and Sasha will always be there to help you. Don’t ever feel guilty about asking us for help. You’re not a burden on us. We’re all in this together and… We love you, Marcy.”
Marcy sniffles quietly and looks up at the mirror. Anne’s eyes meet her there, shining with the sort of love and affection that only Anne’s can. She’s unsure how the other woman does it. Manages to make her words so convincing. There’s definitely no way that this isn’t going to happen again. It’s a fact of her life. But, the knowledge that her girlfriends will continue to support her regardless lightens the blow somewhat. There’s still a guilty feeling about it, but it’s hard to fully feel bad with Anne’s arms around her like this. She smiles a little bit. “Thanks, Anne.”
“What I’m here for.” Anne replies, giving another gentle kiss along Marcy’s neck. Something sweet and soft. Comfortable and familiar. “You wanna head back to bed or you need some time, still?”
“I think the worst of it has passed for the moment. And, I’m… really tired. Should probably get back to bed. Or, try, anyway.”
“I’ll be right there with you. ‘Cus, you’re not escaping cuddles, Marbles. That’s just a fact.”
More sweet offers to make her feel better. It gets a lopsided smile coming to Marcy’s face. As if she could ever resist cuddling into Anne at any time. Neither her or Sasha can ever resist such an offer, no matter how much Sasha likes to act like she could. “I guess that’s just my fate, then.”
“Yup!” Anne murmurs, dropping another few kisses along her neck. These ones are more playful than sweet, the little nibble at the end solidifying that theory. Then, when Marcy turns around in her arms, she leans in to nuzzle her nose against hers. A quick peck is pressed to her lips. “Now, let’s get back to bed before Sasha wakes up and gets all mama bear on us.”
That gets a small, genuine laugh out of Marcy. It was true. Sasha was a very, very protective girlfriend. If she caught even a whiff of pain or suffering from her girls, she was immediately worrying her head off. She liked to play it off as ‘not that worried’ later, but they both knew the blonde was a big softy. “Yeah, we wouldn’t want that. She’s got a shift, tomorrow. Can’t have her up all night and grumpy at work.”
Marcy flicks the light off on the way out of the bathroom and slips into bed behind Anne. She immediately notes that the other woman has stopped moving, staring directly in front of her. Her shoulders are shaking. Curiously, she peeks over Anne’s shoulder. And, she can’t help but smile a little more at what she sees.
Sasha has partially ‘woken up’, her eyes glazed and looking at Anne. Her blonde hair is a mess of bedhead and a thin line of dry drool is visible on her cheek. She groggily looks between her two girlfriends, looking like she’s about a second away from falling back asleep. She manages to, at least, speak some words at them. Though, they come out with a sleepy sort of slur. “...y’guys okay?”
Anne giggles quietly, leaning in to gently press a few kisses to Sasha’s forehead. Her eyelids flutter a little bit, slowly sinking further and further down with each one. Marcy is always amazed at how easily Anne can do this. Vaguely wonders if it’s happened to her before. But, mostly, she just thinks it’s really cute. Especially when Anne ends it with a small kiss to the other woman’s lips. A gentle whisper against them. “We got this, Sash. Go back to sleep.”
“Mm… Oh. ‘Kay... Good, tha’s... good...” The blonde mumbles before finally slumping back against her pillow. Evidently, she falls back asleep pretty quick, as her snores start drifting out not too long after. Marcy is grateful for that. She’d hate to worry Sasha out of a good night’s sleep. A little bit of that guilt comes back when that thought trickles in, but Anne is pulling her in closer before it can get too far.
Marcy finds herself face to face with Anne, who gives her a little smile and tucks a bit of Marcy’s hair behind her ear. “Hi.”
She can’t help smiling back. She leans in to touch their foreheads together, letting her gaze linger in Anne’s. She can feel the other woman’s arms slip down to wrap around their waist and gently pull them flush against each other. She can feel her eyelids lower, feeling heavier and heavier as the seconds pass. She has to wonder if Anne just has this sort of power about her. “Hey.”
Marcy chews her lip a little bit. “Sorry, again, that I woke you up.”
Anne shakes her head as if to say ‘it’s fine, silly’, only hugging Marcy closer to her. It directs the Marcy’s head just under Anne’s chin, which is… probably her favorite place to snuggle into. And, she can’t help the quiet sigh that escapes her as she does exactly that. She can feel Anne relaxing into bed, letting her relax in turn. There’s a moment or two of peaceful silence (aside from the snoring) before she can feel one of Sasha’s arms slump protectively around them both in her sleep. She can hear Anne giggle quietly and feel her drift just far enough back to be against the blonde.
Even in sleep, Sasha is still protective.
Marcy lets a smile slip onto her lips as she closes her eyes. She will probably never be completely free of these sorts of dreams. It’s just something she’s going to have to deal with and recover from for as long as it takes. But here, with Anne and Sasha holding her close… She knows that, even if keeps happening, these two will never leave her to deal with it by herself.
With a quiet sigh, Marcy Wu finally closes her eyes and lets herself drift off. And, for that moment, it was with less worry.

Concerts are a thing that Tommy has come to love. At first, he was a bit anxious at the idea of performing live in front of a ton of people. But now he’s chill with it. Currently, though, he isn’t the biggest fan of concerts. Specifically, his outfit was chosen for this specific concert. He was dressed in a thin tank top under a blue long-sleeved shirt. The sleeves were fun and hugged his arms and poofed out at his wrist. His black pants were very soft and comfy, being big and held up by a small belt. It was a cute outfit by itself and he would’ve loved to wear it when he wasn’t going to be dancing for an hour and then some!

But you see, the thing is, the blue shirt is held in place by three small hooks on the back. Originally it was going to be a button-up but Tommy had lost some weight and the button-up would’ve been baggy and not complimenting. So their stylist decided to put some hooks on the back so the shirt would hug him a little bit more. It wouldn’t be so tight that he couldn’t breathe but it also wouldn’t be so big that you couldn’t see what his torso was doing.

The actual concern here is that while practicing with these outfits on, or just moving around a lot in general, the hooks enjoyed unhooking themselves and the entire shirt would fall in the span of minutes. Of course, they could always change shirts but it was literally less than twenty minutes before showtime!

That all left Tommy in the predicament he was in now, pacing back and forth in the dressing room as Techno, Wil and Phil watched on trying to calm him down.

“It’ll be fine, mate, stop worrying. Just be a bit more careful tonight, yeah?” Phil tried, but it was no help at all. He already knew to be careful tonight.

“I already know to be careful, Phil! What if my shirt falls and what if-” Tommy gets cut off from his rant by Techno, who’s getting his finishing touches on makeup.

“I’m cutting you off right there, Tommy. To save our ears from hearing the same things over and over again. It will be 
    fine 
  Tommy. You need to stop worrying, it’ll affect your performance on stage. Therefore, affecting 
    our 
  performance on stage. We’ll be right there next to you if your shirt does fall,” Techno says, annoyed. He had listened to the boy whine about this all day. If the shirt falls, the shirt falls and they’ll be there to help him out with it. It’s not as if it’ll drop and the kid’s bare chest would be seen. He has a tank top under it.

Tommy whines and reluctantly stops his complaining. Maybe it will be fine.

-

Tommy has decided it will not be fine. He can feel his shirt become looser every time he dances or moves or 
    anything. 
  He can’t even think of anything funny because all he feels is 
    panic!

He knew his shirt would fall. Goddamnit. He was trying to subtly inch his hands towards his back and fix the hooks but that wouldn’t work out all too well because 1, they were using handheld microphones, and 2, every time he tried he was interrupted because hey! They are on stage!

Tommy despairs and tries his hardest to hide the fact he’s 
    dying. 
  Big smile and act as if nothing is wrong.

That all lasts about five seconds before all of a sudden he feels cold air on his back. He feels the fabric that was there before suddenly not be there anymore. He feels like he’s gonna cry and tries to ignore it as best as he could. Too bad, his entire shirt is moments away from falling off onto the stage floor.

While Tommy was panicking over the fact that his shirt just became unhooked, Techno was a bit behind him and saw the shirt give up on life. He let out a quiet, “Oh shit,” before snapping in the direction of Phil and Wilbur which got their attention. They looked over and saw that Tommy was very much not in a happy mood nor happy situation. Phil gestured to Tommy quickly as if to say 
    fucking help him out dumbass.

Wilbur decided to take up every bit of attention by singing louder and getting the audience to join in as Techno rushed over and grabbed Tommy’s shirt, quickly hooking it back up. His mind cries as he takes out his hair tie and ties Tommy’s shirt together, quickly tucking it in his pants so that it wouldn’t be too noticeable. Thank god for the baggy pants.

He can hear Tommy let out a sigh of relief and gives a thumbs up when the younger boy smiles up at him. They all continue on as if nothing happened.

Although, the internet doesn’t and several fancams have that moment recorded and saved. Let’s just say a new clip was added to a lot of 
    ‘SBI wholesome moments’ 
  videos on Youtube.

---

2. A tired boy and paparazzi

So far, today wasn’t very fun. And it was just the morning! First, the boys decided to 
    not 
  wake him up and his alarm didn’t do that job very well either, causing him to sleep in later than he wanted to. Tommy ended up missing breakfast as they all had to rush out the door early so that they could get to rehearsal on time. Didn’t help that Tommy didn’t get a lot of sleep last night, only around three hours.

He had all but shot up in bed when Wilbur yelled, “TOMMY! I HOPE TO SHIT THAT YOU’RE AWAKE RIGHT NOW! WE HAVE TO GO LIKE NOW, DUMBASS!”

He was going to rehearsal in pajamas? He was going to rehearsal in pajamas.

He quickly picked up a bucket hat of his before rushing out the door after throwing his shoes on. The sun would not be nice to his eyes at all. Plus, makeup wasn’t gonna be a thing this morning.

They got in their ride and sat in comfortable silence the entire forty-five-minute ride. Maybe, Tommy wouldn’t know. He slept the entire time. All he did know was that he was poked aggressively when we woke up.

“Mm, what?” Tommy grumbled out, voice heavy with sleep.

“We got a bit of a problem,” Phil muttered, pointing out the window. Outside was a group of people surrounding their car door being pushed back by their bodyguards.

“Paparazzi,” Wilbur groaned, throwing his head back and grabbing sunglasses and a mask to put on to hide his unpretty morning face. Techno just threw on sunglasses and put his hood up. Phil just sighed and lined the boys up. Phil was going out first, then Techno, then Wilbur, and finally Tommy.

Tommy was very much dreading this and pulled his bucket hat down further to hide his face. He looked so unflattering today, it wasn’t even funny. The car door opened and they all heard a mixture of voices and camera snaps. How the hell the paparazzi got the hold information that they were rehearsing at this specific area? No one knows. ‘
    Somebody’s getting’ fired' he
   thinks to himself jokingly.

As he shuffles out of the car he gets immediately overwhelmed with bright flashing lights and voices. Fuck all of them, they had to walk across the parking lot and it was gonna be torturous. Why are they even still here?

He was getting angry, and fast. He was tired, he was hungry and he was upset. An angry whine escapes the back of his throat as he narrows his eyes at the strangers. Wilbur notices this and puts a hand on his shoulder, using his other hand to push his head down and pull his bucket hat over his face. Wilbur quickly hides the boy’s face in his chest as he covers Tommy’s body with his jacket the best he could. Techno walks to the side of them, trying to shield the paparazzi’s view from Tommy with just his body. Phil was just walking to their other side, looking forward and straight-faced. The leader’s hand is in front of Tommy’s face to further try and protect their youngest member.

Wilbur mutters quiet reassurances to the upset teen in his arms as they 
    finally 
  get to the front doors. Their manager apologized almost as soon as they came in. Phil waves him off as they go to the auditorium.

Tommy was thankfully given a bit of time to cool off. He’s never been so close to ripping someone else's throat out.

---

3.  Almost fell into a pond on camera, feeling good.

Tommy really likes vlogging and uploading it to his channel. In turn, the internet soaks up behind-the-scenes footage of all the boys. They get to see how the boys are when they wake up, or how they are alone. A lot of it is just Tommy fooling around and the three older members babysitting him.

Today was Sunday, which meant their day off! Usually, they’d spend this day chilling and letting their achy bones and sore muscles rest, but Tommy had different plans. It had been a little bit since he vlogged and so Saturday night he put a camera next to his bed so as soon as he woke up he could start filming. Texting in the SBI group chat if he could vlog tomorrow and they all agreed.

He had woken up at 8:45, a little later than usual but around the time he woke up regardless. He grabbed his camera, turned it on, and started talking.

“Helloo! Aye, today is Sunday, innit? Our day off! I have fun shit planned, I’m very excited!” Tommy talks a bit hushed but loud enough so he could still be heard.

“I hope my window has enough lighting- oh never mind that! We are going to greet the boys!”

He marches out of his room with far too much energy for someone who 
    just 
  woke up. He walks down the hallway and opens the door that leads to their stairway down. Their stairway has doors to it, it’s very weird. Especially since the hallway with all of their rooms has railings on it. Like, you can see downstairs from the hallway if that makes sense. An indoor balcony! That’s what it was called.

He walked down the stairs and saw that the door leading to the kitchen was open, mumbled voices coming from the living room. Cool!

“The boys are awake! Pog!”

He enters the living room holding up the camera with a smug look on his face.

“Ah, good morning gremlin child. Ready to annoy us all day?” Wilbur asked, and suddenly there was a camera pointed at him.

“Yes!”

-

The next clip just shows Tommy’s feet walking, you can hear Techno talking about, what? Greek mythology?

“Aye, it’s windy out.”

-

Next, they are in a restaurant eating breakfast. All of them got pancakes with blueberries in them. On Phil of course!

-

The next several clips are all of the boys going on a shopping haul. Getting new clothes, jewelry, plushies, snacks, and any essentials that they need. On one of the last clips in the store is of Tommy shoving his face in the camera

“Just spent 3k on clothes and jewelry. Feeling good!”

“I got more hairspray!”

“Shut up, Wil!”

-

The last clip(s) of the vlog is them going to a park. They sit on a blanket 
    that they just fucking got. 
  The camera is propped up on some books that Techno got, showing Techno, Wilbur and Phil sitting under a weeping willow tree. Wilbur is eating strawberries that he bought. Phil was sipping on lemon tea. Techno was watching Tommy closely. The kid was getting near the pond that was about 50 feet away. It had gotten windier.

“Hey, guys!” Tommy yells out, his voice slightly muffled from the distance and wind.

They all look up and Phil grabs the camera and pans it over to Tommy. Who is standing near the pond. A little too close for everyone’s comfort. Tommy is seen waving at all three of the boys out of shot.

“Hello! I am Tommyinnit! I am the biggest man alive! And-”

Tommy is seen stumbling backward and falls of balance, panic evident in his face.

“Mate- nonononono-” Phil is heard muttering as he drops the camera in an attempt to try and catch Tommy who looked like he was going to fall over.

Footsteps are heard and the video is cut.

-

The next time you see Tommy in the vlog is literal seconds after. Techno is seen holding Tommy by his shoulders a bit away from the pond, you can’t hear him because of the wind but you can hear Phil and Wilbur giggling behind the camera.

The camera turns to them, “Tommy is fine, don’t worry everyone! We’ll see you in a bit. Alright, bye-bye!” Wilbur says goodbye to the camera and the outro rolls.

It is Tommy’s most viewed vlog. Earned lots of moolah from it too! Suck it!

---

4. Rolling an ankle in heels! Ft. Tubbo_

Tommy was onstage once again. Like he usually is. Tommy collaborated with another idol the same age as him. His name was Tubbo! Tommy and Tubbo got along great all the other times they had interacted. Very few times but enough that they had good opinions on each other.

They had recorded two music videos together and got very close during the seven months it took. They decided to wear heels during the performance. It was during an award show and they were told to put their best faces on. They had to be perfect on stage.

Tommy was wearing a white sleeveless turtleneck with cuts on the side of it to show off his sides and white shorts. His shorts were paired with a sheer white train going from the top of his shorts to his calves. White heels paired with it. White crown.

Tubbo was wearing a black long-sleeved shirt with a sheer black neck cape, and his shoulders were shown off. His pants are black and tight with his knee-high boot heels. Fishnet gloves and a black crown.

Their company really liked going against breaking stereotypes huh?

Either way, their choreography was a little bit more difficult than neither of them were used to. Since both of them were main dancers, there was an opportunity for a more challenging dance. Especially since there were no other members that they had to hold back for. They had managed to dance to the two songs they made together back-to-back with no break wearing the heels on a handful of times.

It was good enough for their choreographer and they were given the go-ahead.

Except, Tommy was nervous today and his legs were feeling weaker than normal. He was turning for the climax of the song and he stepped incorrectly and before he could stop himself from falling, he fell forward and his legs lashed out to catch him. Rolling his left ankle in the process. Tommy hit the ground hard and almost cried out before remembering the fact that he had a headset mic on and everything would be picked up. The boy ended up just grunting instead and letting out a breathy laugh.

Tubbo was cut off from singing by his laughing and shuffled over to his younger friend to help him up.

Tommy continued on but a bit more carefully. He was wincing throughout the entire rest of their duo performance.

-

Techno, Wilbur, and Phil were watching closely. They were supporting their youngest member and were smiling throughout the entire thing. They loved seeing Tommy making friends and having fun with said friends. Tubbo was a good kid, he was hardworking and cared a lot about Tommy and vice versa.

And then, Tommy fell and fell 
    hard.

The grunt the boy let out when his body connected with the floor sounded pained. The fall itself looked painful and they all almost shot up to attempt to help him up. They all kept an eye on Tommy for the rest of the performance. He’s favoring his right leg over his left. They were worried sick.

-

The award show is finished! SBI, unfortunately, had not won any awards but Tommy and Tubbo did! They were both cheering and hugging each other, jumping around and such.

They were all very proud of both of them but as Tommy kept looking more and more miserable and as his limp continuously looked worse and worse they decided to hop in the car and go to an urgent care office. Tommy and Tubbo split off as Tubbo went off with his own idol group.

They learned that Tommy was fine and just inflamed his ankle a bit. He’d have to rest for a couple of days and stay off of it as much as possible but nothing horrible. Although it was swollen and ugly.

Tubbo and Tommy facetimed later that night and Tubbo was very glad Tommy was okay.

“It looked like it hurt a lot! I checked our heels afterward and the fucking point on your left heel was loose! I don’t know if it was like that beforehand but it was definitely a safety hazard!” Tubbo said, laying in bed, looking comfy.

“Aye, if it was, I didn’t notice it, big man!”

“Hey, Tommy?” Techno interrupts.

“Yeah?”

“You’re never fucking wearing heels without us looking over your choreography again.”

“Understandable”

---

5. In which Wilbur Soot doesn’t let the media see Tommy being sick. Even though Tommy said it was fine-

“Good Morning! I decided to film a morning vlog so I will do just that! It’s Sunday so our day off! Let’s go wake up Techno and Phil. Don’t wanna fool around alone,” Wilbur laughs at himself as he gets up and walks out of his room, camera in hand. He first goes to Phil’s room, tickling the elder man until he wakes up angrily.

Phil groans and Wilbur tells him that they are going to wake up Techno. The entire vlog is only about five minutes long. Waking up Techno, making an instant breakfast, and just chilling out. It’s the same length as Wilbur's usual vlogs. But what the audience finds weird is how they don’t mention Tommy once.

Wilbur usually talks about Tommy several times and Tommy usually jumps at the chance to be a part of his big brother's vlogs. But nothing. And every time Tommy’s voice is heard Wilbur looks up and the clip cuts short.

Someone had asked about it in the comment section and Wilbur responded with the following, 
    ‘Tommy was sick the day I recorded this, and I decided to not record him or show any bit with him in it. He wasn’t in the mood for cameras or filming so I didn’t film him. He wouldn’t appreciate it all that much.’

The internet had thought they had gotten into a fight and started assuming shit like the internet does before Tommy tweets 
    ‘I am very much sick. So sorry I couldn’t be in Wil’s vlog hahahaha’ 
  confirming what Wilbur had told everyone else.

Everyone thought that was very sweet. Everybody liked that.

---

6. Forgetting the goddamn lyrics sucks ass.

They were performing at a concert. Like usual. Everything was going fine! And then Tommy’s brain just 
    stopped. 
  His brain was empty. And even worse, Tommy’s brain went empty in 
    the middle of his verse. 
  Talk about fucking embarrassing.

They’ve all talked about what to do in the situation where they forget the lyrics or dance. They were told to just fucking freestyle until they remembered. Tommy again does the most professional thing ever and 
    freezes the fuck up.

He stops everything and looks like a deer in the headlights, eyes blown wide and mouth stuck open. Techno, the only other rapper, finishes up his verse with a laugh. A little bit after Tommy’s brain returned from the milk run it went on all of a sudden and his body started moving. His last verse was sung by him and there were giggles all throughout the stage and crowd.

The entire rest of the concert, his voice would crack awkwardly or he would giggle in the middle of his lyrics.

Fun night. He loved it.

---

7. Interview confessions

They appeared on a talk show where they were all interviewed. It had been going pretty well so far and Tommy was also being very very funny.

The show host had been asking all of them the same question. “How do you feel about (Insert SBI member). They had all responded positively and definitely got a lot of clips for wholesome compilations. Then came the question that included Tommy.

“So, last but not least, how do you feel about Tommy?”

SBI laughed and they went one by one answering the question.

“I love him. As the oldest and the leader, I do feel a certain level of responsibility for Tommy. He’s very fun to be around and also very motivating! If I wasn’t the leader, he’d definitely be our leader. Strong and charismatic like that, he is,” Phil says, fondness overtaking his expression.

“I feel very protective over him. I definitely want what’s best for him, and I don’t want the internet to try anything funny with him. Basically the answer to your question earlier, I see him as a younger brother,” Wilbur said. The earlier question was in reference to some paparazzi photos that were taken. All of them were of Wilbur hiding Tommy in his jackets or in his chest. Trying to get him away from all the attention. His answer was, 
    ‘Tommy tends to get impulsive when upset and I try my hardest to get him away from things like that. I don’t want him to say something he doesn’t mean or worse, the media will get a hold of some personal moments that were never meant for them’

“I feel similar to Wilbur. He’s definitely the little brother figure I’ve never had and I try my hardest to help him out whenever I can,” Techno finishes off his sentence with a nod. Short and sweet, like literally everything else he’s ever said, ever.

Tommy awws in the background and the three older members get embarrassed. All at different levels. Not Wilbur, though. That man feels no shame.

The media has gotten a hold of some new evidence for the family dynamics. Amazing

Concerts are a thing that Tommy has come to love. At first, he was a bit anxious at the idea of performing live in front of a ton of people. But now he’s chill with it. Currently, though, he isn’t the biggest fan of concerts. Specifically, his outfit was chosen for this specific concert. He was dressed in a thin tank top under a blue long-sleeved shirt. The sleeves were fun and hugged his arms and poofed out at his wrist. His black pants were very soft and comfy, being big and held up by a small belt. It was a cute outfit by itself and he would’ve loved to wear it when he wasn’t going to be dancing for an hour and then some!

But you see, the thing is, the blue shirt is held in place by three small hooks on the back. Originally it was going to be a button-up but Tommy had lost some weight and the button-up would’ve been baggy and not complimenting. So their stylist decided to put some hooks on the back so the shirt would hug him a little bit more. It wouldn’t be so tight that he couldn’t breathe but it also wouldn’t be so big that you couldn’t see what his torso was doing.

The actual concern here is that while practicing with these outfits on, or just moving around a lot in general, the hooks enjoyed unhooking themselves and the entire shirt would fall in the span of minutes. Of course, they could always change shirts but it was literally less than twenty minutes before showtime!

That all left Tommy in the predicament he was in now, pacing back and forth in the dressing room as Techno, Wil and Phil watched on trying to calm him down.

“It’ll be fine, mate, stop worrying. Just be a bit more careful tonight, yeah?” Phil tried, but it was no help at all. He already knew to be careful tonight.

“I already know to be careful, Phil! What if my shirt falls and what if-” Tommy gets cut off from his rant by Techno, who’s getting his finishing touches on makeup.

“I’m cutting you off right there, Tommy. To save our ears from hearing the same things over and over again. It will be 
    fine 
  Tommy. You need to stop worrying, it’ll affect your performance on stage. Therefore, affecting 
    our 
  performance on stage. We’ll be right there next to you if your shirt does fall,” Techno says, annoyed. He had listened to the boy whine about this all day. If the shirt falls, the shirt falls and they’ll be there to help him out with it. It’s not as if it’ll drop and the kid’s bare chest would be seen. He has a tank top under it.

Tommy whines and reluctantly stops his complaining. Maybe it will be fine.

-

Tommy has decided it will not be fine. He can feel his shirt become looser every time he dances or moves or 
    anything. 
  He can’t even think of anything funny because all he feels is 
    panic!

He knew his shirt would fall. Goddamnit. He was trying to subtly inch his hands towards his back and fix the hooks but that wouldn’t work out all too well because 1, they were using handheld microphones, and 2, every time he tried he was interrupted because hey! They are on stage!

Tommy despairs and tries his hardest to hide the fact he’s 
    dying. 
  Big smile and act as if nothing is wrong.

That all lasts about five seconds before all of a sudden he feels cold air on his back. He feels the fabric that was there before suddenly not be there anymore. He feels like he’s gonna cry and tries to ignore it as best as he could. Too bad, his entire shirt is moments away from falling off onto the stage floor.

While Tommy was panicking over the fact that his shirt just became unhooked, Techno was a bit behind him and saw the shirt give up on life. He let out a quiet, “Oh shit,” before snapping in the direction of Phil and Wilbur which got their attention. They looked over and saw that Tommy was very much not in a happy mood nor happy situation. Phil gestured to Tommy quickly as if to say 
    fucking help him out dumbass.

Wilbur decided to take up every bit of attention by singing louder and getting the audience to join in as Techno rushed over and grabbed Tommy’s shirt, quickly hooking it back up. His mind cries as he takes out his hair tie and ties Tommy’s shirt together, quickly tucking it in his pants so that it wouldn’t be too noticeable. Thank god for the baggy pants.

He can hear Tommy let out a sigh of relief and gives a thumbs up when the younger boy smiles up at him. They all continue on as if nothing happened.

Although, the internet doesn’t and several fancams have that moment recorded and saved. Let’s just say a new clip was added to a lot of 
    ‘SBI wholesome moments’ 
  videos on Youtube.

---

2. A tired boy and paparazzi

So far, today wasn’t very fun. And it was just the morning! First, the boys decided to 
    not 
  wake him up and his alarm didn’t do that job very well either, causing him to sleep in later than he wanted to. Tommy ended up missing breakfast as they all had to rush out the door early so that they could get to rehearsal on time. Didn’t help that Tommy didn’t get a lot of sleep last night, only around three hours.

He had all but shot up in bed when Wilbur yelled, “TOMMY! I HOPE TO SHIT THAT YOU’RE AWAKE RIGHT NOW! WE HAVE TO GO LIKE NOW, DUMBASS!”

He was going to rehearsal in pajamas? He was going to rehearsal in pajamas.

He quickly picked up a bucket hat of his before rushing out the door after throwing his shoes on. The sun would not be nice to his eyes at all. Plus, makeup wasn’t gonna be a thing this morning.

They got in their ride and sat in comfortable silence the entire forty-five-minute ride. Maybe, Tommy wouldn’t know. He slept the entire time. All he did know was that he was poked aggressively when we woke up.

“Mm, what?” Tommy grumbled out, voice heavy with sleep.

“We got a bit of a problem,” Phil muttered, pointing out the window. Outside was a group of people surrounding their car door being pushed back by their bodyguards.

“Paparazzi,” Wilbur groaned, throwing his head back and grabbing sunglasses and a mask to put on to hide his unpretty morning face. Techno just threw on sunglasses and put his hood up. Phil just sighed and lined the boys up. Phil was going out first, then Techno, then Wilbur, and finally Tommy.

Tommy was very much dreading this and pulled his bucket hat down further to hide his face. He looked so unflattering today, it wasn’t even funny. The car door opened and they all heard a mixture of voices and camera snaps. How the hell the paparazzi got the hold information that they were rehearsing at this specific area? No one knows. ‘
    Somebody’s getting’ fired' he
   thinks to himself jokingly.

As he shuffles out of the car he gets immediately overwhelmed with bright flashing lights and voices. Fuck all of them, they had to walk across the parking lot and it was gonna be torturous. Why are they even still here?

He was getting angry, and fast. He was tired, he was hungry and he was upset. An angry whine escapes the back of his throat as he narrows his eyes at the strangers. Wilbur notices this and puts a hand on his shoulder, using his other hand to push his head down and pull his bucket hat over his face. Wilbur quickly hides the boy’s face in his chest as he covers Tommy’s body with his jacket the best he could. Techno walks to the side of them, trying to shield the paparazzi’s view from Tommy with just his body. Phil was just walking to their other side, looking forward and straight-faced. The leader’s hand is in front of Tommy’s face to further try and protect their youngest member.

Wilbur mutters quiet reassurances to the upset teen in his arms as they 
    finally 
  get to the front doors. Their manager apologized almost as soon as they came in. Phil waves him off as they go to the auditorium.

Tommy was thankfully given a bit of time to cool off. He’s never been so close to ripping someone else's throat out.

---

3.  Almost fell into a pond on camera, feeling good.

Tommy really likes vlogging and uploading it to his channel. In turn, the internet soaks up behind-the-scenes footage of all the boys. They get to see how the boys are when they wake up, or how they are alone. A lot of it is just Tommy fooling around and the three older members babysitting him.

Today was Sunday, which meant their day off! Usually, they’d spend this day chilling and letting their achy bones and sore muscles rest, but Tommy had different plans. It had been a little bit since he vlogged and so Saturday night he put a camera next to his bed so as soon as he woke up he could start filming. Texting in the SBI group chat if he could vlog tomorrow and they all agreed.

He had woken up at 8:45, a little later than usual but around the time he woke up regardless. He grabbed his camera, turned it on, and started talking.

“Helloo! Aye, today is Sunday, innit? Our day off! I have fun shit planned, I’m very excited!” Tommy talks a bit hushed but loud enough so he could still be heard.

“I hope my window has enough lighting- oh never mind that! We are going to greet the boys!”

He marches out of his room with far too much energy for someone who 
    just 
  woke up. He walks down the hallway and opens the door that leads to their stairway down. Their stairway has doors to it, it’s very weird. Especially since the hallway with all of their rooms has railings on it. Like, you can see downstairs from the hallway if that makes sense. An indoor balcony! That’s what it was called.

He walked down the stairs and saw that the door leading to the kitchen was open, mumbled voices coming from the living room. Cool!

“The boys are awake! Pog!”

He enters the living room holding up the camera with a smug look on his face.

“Ah, good morning gremlin child. Ready to annoy us all day?” Wilbur asked, and suddenly there was a camera pointed at him.

“Yes!”

-

The next clip just shows Tommy’s feet walking, you can hear Techno talking about, what? Greek mythology?

“Aye, it’s windy out.”

-

Next, they are in a restaurant eating breakfast. All of them got pancakes with blueberries in them. On Phil of course!

-

The next several clips are all of the boys going on a shopping haul. Getting new clothes, jewelry, plushies, snacks, and any essentials that they need. On one of the last clips in the store is of Tommy shoving his face in the camera

“Just spent 3k on clothes and jewelry. Feeling good!”

“I got more hairspray!”

“Shut up, Wil!”

-

The last clip(s) of the vlog is them going to a park. They sit on a blanket 
    that they just fucking got. 
  The camera is propped up on some books that Techno got, showing Techno, Wilbur and Phil sitting under a weeping willow tree. Wilbur is eating strawberries that he bought. Phil was sipping on lemon tea. Techno was watching Tommy closely. The kid was getting near the pond that was about 50 feet away. It had gotten windier.

“Hey, guys!” Tommy yells out, his voice slightly muffled from the distance and wind.

They all look up and Phil grabs the camera and pans it over to Tommy. Who is standing near the pond. A little too close for everyone’s comfort. Tommy is seen waving at all three of the boys out of shot.

“Hello! I am Tommyinnit! I am the biggest man alive! And-”

Tommy is seen stumbling backward and falls of balance, panic evident in his face.

“Mate- nonononono-” Phil is heard muttering as he drops the camera in an attempt to try and catch Tommy who looked like he was going to fall over.

Footsteps are heard and the video is cut.

-

The next time you see Tommy in the vlog is literal seconds after. Techno is seen holding Tommy by his shoulders a bit away from the pond, you can’t hear him because of the wind but you can hear Phil and Wilbur giggling behind the camera.

The camera turns to them, “Tommy is fine, don’t worry everyone! We’ll see you in a bit. Alright, bye-bye!” Wilbur says goodbye to the camera and the outro rolls.

It is Tommy’s most viewed vlog. Earned lots of moolah from it too! Suck it!

---

4. Rolling an ankle in heels! Ft. Tubbo_

Tommy was onstage once again. Like he usually is. Tommy collaborated with another idol the same age as him. His name was Tubbo! Tommy and Tubbo got along great all the other times they had interacted. Very few times but enough that they had good opinions on each other.

They had recorded two music videos together and got very close during the seven months it took. They decided to wear heels during the performance. It was during an award show and they were told to put their best faces on. They had to be perfect on stage.

Tommy was wearing a white sleeveless turtleneck with cuts on the side of it to show off his sides and white shorts. His shorts were paired with a sheer white train going from the top of his shorts to his calves. White heels paired with it. White crown.

Tubbo was wearing a black long-sleeved shirt with a sheer black neck cape, and his shoulders were shown off. His pants are black and tight with his knee-high boot heels. Fishnet gloves and a black crown.

Their company really liked going against breaking stereotypes huh?

Either way, their choreography was a little bit more difficult than neither of them were used to. Since both of them were main dancers, there was an opportunity for a more challenging dance. Especially since there were no other members that they had to hold back for. They had managed to dance to the two songs they made together back-to-back with no break wearing the heels on a handful of times.

It was good enough for their choreographer and they were given the go-ahead.

Except, Tommy was nervous today and his legs were feeling weaker than normal. He was turning for the climax of the song and he stepped incorrectly and before he could stop himself from falling, he fell forward and his legs lashed out to catch him. Rolling his left ankle in the process. Tommy hit the ground hard and almost cried out before remembering the fact that he had a headset mic on and everything would be picked up. The boy ended up just grunting instead and letting out a breathy laugh.

Tubbo was cut off from singing by his laughing and shuffled over to his younger friend to help him up.

Tommy continued on but a bit more carefully. He was wincing throughout the entire rest of their duo performance.

-

Techno, Wilbur, and Phil were watching closely. They were supporting their youngest member and were smiling throughout the entire thing. They loved seeing Tommy making friends and having fun with said friends. Tubbo was a good kid, he was hardworking and cared a lot about Tommy and vice versa.

And then, Tommy fell and fell 
    hard.

The grunt the boy let out when his body connected with the floor sounded pained. The fall itself looked painful and they all almost shot up to attempt to help him up. They all kept an eye on Tommy for the rest of the performance. He’s favoring his right leg over his left. They were worried sick.

-

The award show is finished! SBI, unfortunately, had not won any awards but Tommy and Tubbo did! They were both cheering and hugging each other, jumping around and such.

They were all very proud of both of them but as Tommy kept looking more and more miserable and as his limp continuously looked worse and worse they decided to hop in the car and go to an urgent care office. Tommy and Tubbo split off as Tubbo went off with his own idol group.

They learned that Tommy was fine and just inflamed his ankle a bit. He’d have to rest for a couple of days and stay off of it as much as possible but nothing horrible. Although it was swollen and ugly.

Tubbo and Tommy facetimed later that night and Tubbo was very glad Tommy was okay.

“It looked like it hurt a lot! I checked our heels afterward and the fucking point on your left heel was loose! I don’t know if it was like that beforehand but it was definitely a safety hazard!” Tubbo said, laying in bed, looking comfy.

“Aye, if it was, I didn’t notice it, big man!”

“Hey, Tommy?” Techno interrupts.

“Yeah?”

“You’re never fucking wearing heels without us looking over your choreography again.”

“Understandable”

---

5. In which Wilbur Soot doesn’t let the media see Tommy being sick. Even though Tommy said it was fine-

“Good Morning! I decided to film a morning vlog so I will do just that! It’s Sunday so our day off! Let’s go wake up Techno and Phil. Don’t wanna fool around alone,” Wilbur laughs at himself as he gets up and walks out of his room, camera in hand. He first goes to Phil’s room, tickling the elder man until he wakes up angrily.

Phil groans and Wilbur tells him that they are going to wake up Techno. The entire vlog is only about five minutes long. Waking up Techno, making an instant breakfast, and just chilling out. It’s the same length as Wilbur's usual vlogs. But what the audience finds weird is how they don’t mention Tommy once.

Wilbur usually talks about Tommy several times and Tommy usually jumps at the chance to be a part of his big brother's vlogs. But nothing. And every time Tommy’s voice is heard Wilbur looks up and the clip cuts short.

Someone had asked about it in the comment section and Wilbur responded with the following, 
    ‘Tommy was sick the day I recorded this, and I decided to not record him or show any bit with him in it. He wasn’t in the mood for cameras or filming so I didn’t film him. He wouldn’t appreciate it all that much.’

The internet had thought they had gotten into a fight and started assuming shit like the internet does before Tommy tweets 
    ‘I am very much sick. So sorry I couldn’t be in Wil’s vlog hahahaha’ 
  confirming what Wilbur had told everyone else.

Everyone thought that was very sweet. Everybody liked that.

---

6. Forgetting the goddamn lyrics sucks ass.

They were performing at a concert. Like usual. Everything was going fine! And then Tommy’s brain just 
    stopped. 
  His brain was empty. And even worse, Tommy’s brain went empty in 
    the middle of his verse. 
  Talk about fucking embarrassing.

They’ve all talked about what to do in the situation where they forget the lyrics or dance. They were told to just fucking freestyle until they remembered. Tommy again does the most professional thing ever and 
    freezes the fuck up.

He stops everything and looks like a deer in the headlights, eyes blown wide and mouth stuck open. Techno, the only other rapper, finishes up his verse with a laugh. A little bit after Tommy’s brain returned from the milk run it went on all of a sudden and his body started moving. His last verse was sung by him and there were giggles all throughout the stage and crowd.

The entire rest of the concert, his voice would crack awkwardly or he would giggle in the middle of his lyrics.

Fun night. He loved it.

---

7. Interview confessions

They appeared on a talk show where they were all interviewed. It had been going pretty well so far and Tommy was also being very very funny.

The show host had been asking all of them the same question. “How do you feel about (Insert SBI member). They had all responded positively and definitely got a lot of clips for wholesome compilations. Then came the question that included Tommy.

“So, last but not least, how do you feel about Tommy?”

SBI laughed and they went one by one answering the question.

“I love him. As the oldest and the leader, I do feel a certain level of responsibility for Tommy. He’s very fun to be around and also very motivating! If I wasn’t the leader, he’d definitely be our leader. Strong and charismatic like that, he is,” Phil says, fondness overtaking his expression.

“I feel very protective over him. I definitely want what’s best for him, and I don’t want the internet to try anything funny with him. Basically the answer to your question earlier, I see him as a younger brother,” Wilbur said. The earlier question was in reference to some paparazzi photos that were taken. All of them were of Wilbur hiding Tommy in his jackets or in his chest. Trying to get him away from all the attention. His answer was, 
    ‘Tommy tends to get impulsive when upset and I try my hardest to get him away from things like that. I don’t want him to say something he doesn’t mean or worse, the media will get a hold of some personal moments that were never meant for them’

“I feel similar to Wilbur. He’s definitely the little brother figure I’ve never had and I try my hardest to help him out whenever I can,” Techno finishes off his sentence with a nod. Short and sweet, like literally everything else he’s ever said, ever.

Tommy awws in the background and the three older members get embarrassed. All at different levels. Not Wilbur, though. That man feels no shame.

The media has gotten a hold of some new evidence for the family dynamics. Amazing
‘Mine,’ thought Greg, unaware he was speaking the words out loud. He looked at the younger man, still helpless and moaning under his hands. James looked transported, head thrown back, lips parted, muscles in his arms tensed as he gripped the straps of his restraints.

Greg’s eyes drifted down to where James’s underwear was doing a very poor job of containing what it was meant to contain. There was a gap now where the head of James’s cock pushed against the waistband. Staring at it, Greg reached down to slowly pump his own cock again. God, James was so ready. Greg could do anything. He moved his other hand to stroke over James’s belly again, close as he could get without giving the boy what he was, figuratively and literally, crying out for. Precum had pooled where James’s cock lay heavy against his stomach, and Greg let his fingers slide through it, imagining with pleasure James’s embarrassment at having his arousal so obviously noticed. His instinct was to ask James what he wanted now, but that wasn’t what tonight was about. Still, he was pretty sure the boy wouldn’t complain about what came next.

He unceremoniously pushed James’s legs out of the way and moved up nearer the head of the bed. James’s mouth looked like it was begging to be filled. Greg stroked James’s face again. ‘You’re doing so well,’ he said, earning another moan in response. ‘But you really want something, don’t you?’

James continued to moan, possibly beyond speech.

‘Yeah, you do. I want something, too.’ He moved to straddle James’s chest, high on his knees. It felt both dirty and horribly exciting to treat James like this, like a toy to be used. He’d never done anything like this with anyone before. He pulled James’s head up by the hair. ‘Suck it,’ he said.

If James got the reference he didn’t let on. He took Greg’s cock in his mouth and let Greg set the pace. The angle was wrong. James gagged a little. Greg went to pull out, concerned, but James only leaned forward as far as he could and kept sucking. It was clumsy. It had nothing of finesse. But god, it was good. There was something primal about kneeling over someone, fucking their mouth…especially when the person looked all the while like you were doing them a favour. James was moaning around Greg’s cock, pulling himself as upright as he could get on his restraints to take more of it.

‘Fuck…James…’ Greg panted, forgetting his role as his balls tightened. He pulled away despite James’s inarticulate protests, determined not to come just yet. For a while he just knelt there, calming himself.

* * * * *

James tried to follow Greg’s cock with his tongue, but it was gone. Now there was just the pressure of Greg’s thighs on the sides of his chest, and silence apart from Greg’s heavy breathing. James smiled to himself as it dawned on him that his enthusiasm had very nearly scuppered their plans. Not that they had discussed any particular plan.

He tried to imagine what might come next. More of the same? He wouldn’t mind. Giving head was good. And from Greg’s reaction, he was pretty good at it too. Or maybe Greg would, in a moment, reward his patience by allowing some closer contact between them. Skin on skin. He felt goosebumps rising on his arms at the thought of it. Maybe even some friction against his neglected cock? Just a little? Or a lot. The last thing he expected, though, was for Greg to lean forward and undo the strap around his left wrist.

James was actually anxious. Was this a test? Was everything over? With willpower he didn’t know he had, he resisted the urge to press his mouth to Greg’s chest as the larger man leaned over him. One arm was free, but he didn’t try to do anything with it. Patience. Greg shifted his weight and untied the other strap. James shivered and moaned as he felt Greg’s lips brush the tender, abused skin on the inside of his wrist. ‘Good boy,’ Greg whispered, and moved so that he was kneeling beside James again.

Then Greg’s weight was gone from the bed altogether. James wasn’t worried this time. And sure enough, he didn’t have to weight more than a few moments to understand why. Greg tugged James further down the bed by his ankles, making him yelp in surprise but not in protest. The roughness, the presumption, it was all a huge turn-on. He imagined how he must look right now. Nearly naked, rock hard, blindfolded, panting, red marks around his wrists. Proper slutty. Hot. His narcissistic fantasy was interrupted by Greg’s fingertips skirting the waistband of his underwear. He fisted his hands in the duvet underneath him as he felt his pants being slowly pulled down, freeing his cock, which bobbed hopefully before resting heavy on his stomach again. He bucked his hips up only enough to help Greg pull his pants right down and off. He hoped Greg appreciated that he was being a fucking saint.

‘Turn over,’ Greg said. James did so, with pleasure. It didn’t matter if Greg didn’t touch his cock at all now – if the worst came to the worst, it would be possible to get off like this. He consciously stopped himself from humping the bed. Patience, again.

James lay there a while, enjoying the comfort of being in a more natural position, then cried out as he felt something cold and wet on his back. It dripped in a random pattern over his overheated skin, shocking his system. Then Greg was kneeling astride him again, still high on his knees so that they didn’t touch, and Greg’s hands were sliding over his back, warming what James now realised was the oil he’d seen on the bedside table before the blindfold went on.

Ohhhh, that’s nice… If James had been asked what he wanted a second ago, a massage would not have crossed his mind. But Greg’s hands moved smoothly, firmly, stroking, squeezing, fingers and thumbs digging in just enough in just the right places, and it was languid and luxurious and more erotic than he would have thought possible. Greg, too, was humming his pleasure as he pressed and stroked. James remembered what the older man had said: do you know your body drives me wild? Greg was rewarding James, but he was rewarding himself too.

More oil, pre-warmed by Greg’s hands this time, dripped onto him. It seemed excessive, but there was something hot about the excess. Something decadent. Greg scooted backwards and his hands slid down lower, thumbs at the small of James’s back. For a while the massage was concentrated there. James didn’t know he could feel so relaxed and so wound up at the same time. Even though he was doing his best not to take advantage of the pressure, every reflexive movement rubbed his aching cock against the bedclothes.

Greg’s hands stilled for a moment. James thought he could feel them shaking slightly. Then he flinched and his breath caught as even more oil dripped down, this time onto his arse. He heard Greg take a shaky breath as those big hands began to massage there. James groaned and pushed up into Greg’s touch. His legs spread a little wider, subtly (he hoped). His toes curled. A stray rivulet of oil snaked down between his buttocks. Then Greg’s hands were sliding up again over his back, and James whimpered as he felt Greg settle lower on his knees, finally closing the space between their bodies. Greg bent down and kissed the back of James’s neck, chest and stomach against the boy’s back, cock sliding easily in the oil between his arse cheeks. Excitement and fear coiled dangerously in James’s belly. This was not a massage anymore.
Chuuya,
I hope this finds you well.
I imagine you are thoroughly confused upon receiving this letter, it is ofcourse not everyday that you receive a letter from someone as great as I, is it? I advice you take a moment to appreciate your luck, as it won’t happen again!
Now, where does one start when writing a letter like this?
I’d assume at the beginning, though I am not entirely sure where that is exactly.
Where did this start? Or rather, when did it? I know it did before we met, but time seems to be lost to me. Hmmm, time seems to be quite the enemy of us all, no?
So, as time is an enemy, I shall cut the crap.
Chuuya, If you’ve received this, I have succeeded in killing myself.
I don’t expect you to understand, not at all, but I thought it important to say goodbye to you. Maybe something like closure, I’m not sure.
To me, there is no enjoyment in living, existing even. There is no enjoyment beyond the smiles of the moment. Whenever I am forced to think about the future, all I feel is dread. Dread of waking up, forcing myself into brushing my teeth, putting on clothes. I dread eating, sleeping, repeating everything. The dullness of human existence depresses me to no end. Though with that, I should also mention the excitement that you brought to me, for that I am sincerely thankful. But with every passing day, I cannot help but feel so alone.
Am I simply the only one bored of existence? How can humans just, live without wanting to kill themselves? How do they not think about the dread, the repetition, the boredom. How do they not see the dullness? How do they keep on living, convinced of the normality of their lives? Chuuya, tell me.
How can one achieve such ignorance?
Do these human beings not think? Do they not have thoughts for themselves? Do they just listen to other human beings, and believe without a trace of doubt? Do they live like a slave to no real master?
Perhaps I am asking too many questions, but I simply don’t understand. Enlighten me.
Do these humans feel joy, do they feel hapiness? Is this happiness real? Is this joy true?
Well, whether it is real or not is not of importance to me anymore, I suppose. Not when you find this letter, at the very least.
Chuuya, are you bored yet?
I can stop here if you want me to.
But I can’t hear your complains from here, so i’ll move on!
I am going to take back what I said earlier! I am not going to kill myself, I am simply going to delete myself out of existence. How does that sound? Pretty fun, huh? I am going to delete my complete existence to the point of never having been born. That way no one else suffers from my decisions! Pretty solid plan if I have to say so myself, truly genius.
Maybe if I’d never been born at all, and had seen life from an objective point of view, far in the distance, I would’ve found a reason to live.
What is your reason to live, Chuuya? What is it, that makes you not want to kill yourself? I’m being vulnerable right now, so it would only be fair if you were too.
Ah, you are probably a little too shocked to answer. I usually don’t bother you with these thoughts of mine, do I?
Yes, my hand is shaking right now.
Hmmm, the moment a thought is said out loud it becomes true, definite. Real. I guess that’s the scary part, it being real. If you are the only one who knows of it’s existence, it can be erased, it can be forgotten, it can be ignored. But no, when it is another person witnessing the thought, it cannot, it lives and becomes a reality. You cannot go into another’s head and erase a thought, can you?
But if it’s really a bother, I suppose you could kill the other person.
I am not planning on doing that to you though, so no worries!
If I’m honest, I’m not sure what I should write anymore. I planned on a lot, but end up wordless. It’s hard, giving words to thoughts that were never spoken, feelings that I maybe never actually understood.
Chuuya, do you understand me? Even with the little amount of words I’m giving you? Despite the fact that there are tons of thoughts that are unsaid?
I guess I’m hard to understand, but you are rather stubborn, so I like to believe you do.
This really is a little out of the ordinary, even for me, isnt it? It may even be called unexpected, with the way all of my previous attempts have failed. Well I’ll tell you a secret. This is a letter written in advance. I am never planning on sending this to you.
Since nothing has killed me yet, there’s no point in sending this out before one of my attempts. If I do die, someone will go through my room and find this. It’ll find it’s way to you somehow, I’m sure.
I’m placing my bet on exactly twenty months from now. The date I’m writing this is on the envelope, so check if I’m right or not! Not that I think I’m wrong, I just want to make sure you know.
Hm, I’m straying from the topic at hand. But I seriously don’t know what to write anymore! If you were here I’d probably know what to talk about, but on my own it’s hard to think about something.
Yes, even with so many thoughts in this thick skull, I still don’t know what to tell you.
There are so many things left unexplained, unsaid, unfelt, if that is even a word. But, I think you understand, and I know you know. And in the end, that’s all that matters.
Well, I guess that’s it then. If I don’t have anything to write, I might as well stop. No reason to put myself through sitting here any longer.
Tell Oda I’m sorry I broke my promise.
Dazai.
Ni-ki knows that Jungwon knows he can depend on the team, for anything. And Jungwon does depend on the hyung line, a lot.  Ni-ki wants to be someone Jungwon can lean on, and turn to when things get tough. After all, he is Jungwon’s boyfriend.
He sighs dreamily. It’s been a few months, and he still can’t believe that Jungwon agreed to be his.
“You’re literally so gross,” Sunoo laughs.
They’re the only ones home, so he and Sunoo are in the living room. They were supposed to be watching horror movies, but they’re just talking instead.
“I just want Wonie to depend on me!” Ni-ki whines, his face planted on Sunoo’s thigh.
“He does, silly. Jungwonie is pretty good at knowing his limits.”
Sunoo can feel Ni-ki pouting. “I meant in the boyfriend way!”
“What does that even mean?”
“You know!!” Ni-ki groans.
Sunoo raised a brow. “I really don’t. I’ve never had a boyfriend.”
Ni-ki sighs in frustration. “I don’t know how to explain.” He turns around so he’s looking up at Sunoo.
“I guess I just want to be the one for Jungwonie hyung, you know? I know we’re just kids, but I just know that he’s the one for me.”
Sunoo hums, so Ni-ki continues. “I don’t think I’m making any sense.” The younger sighs. “But, I just want him to know that I’m going to be right next to him, supporting him for a very very long time. Like, forever long.”
“You want to be 4 lyfers with Jungwonie?” Sunoo giggles, making a TikTok reference.
Ni-ki rolls his eyes. “Yeah. A dependable 4 lyfer.”
Sunoo is full on laughing at this point.
“Hyung!!” Ni-ki whines again.
Now it’s Sunoo’s turn to roll his eyes. “Do you want to tell him that he can depend on you, or that you want to be with him forever?”
“I want to tell that I want to be with him forever! Doesn’t being dependable come with that?”
“So just tell him that?”
“I can’t just tell him that!” Ni-ki sighs.
“You literally can, dummy. Why are you making this difficult?”
Ni-ki sits up and playfully glares at Sunoo. “You mean to tell me that I can just casually tell Wonie all of that?”
“Tell me what?” A voice says, scaring the two of them.
“Oh, Jungwonie! We didn’t hear you come in,” Sunoo grimaces as Ni-ki pinches his back.
Jungwon laughs, “yeah because you two were loudly bickering again!”
The two mentioned giggles.
“Go take a shower Jungwon-ah, before the hyungs get back.” Sunoo suggest, distracting their leader.
When Jungwon leaves, Sunoo turns to Ni-ki and hisses out a “just tell him you want to be 4 lyfers!”
Ni-ki, just to spite Sunoo, decides to show Jungwon instead.

—
His boyfriend is tired, Ni-ki can tell. They’re in the middle of comeback preparations and it’s been grueling for everyone, but Jungwon especially. Ni-ki just has to worry about singing his lines correctly, and learning to choreography so he can help teach the rest of the members. For Jungwon, it’s all of that, on top of meetings and the general pressure of being the leader.
He looks so peaceful, Ni-ki thinks. He makes the last second decision to sleep in his own bed tonight. Ni-ki can admit that it’s no my easy to sleep with him. He either likes to take up all the bed space, or cling onto whoever is next to him like a leech. Jungwon himself has said that it’s hard to sleep with him.
Maybe Jungwon will get a restful sleep tonight. So, for the first time in months Ni-ki sleeps in his own bed.

—
“You good, Jungwon?” Jay asks, looking concerned.
“Yeah,” Jungwon sighs, “I just didn’t get much sleep last night.”
Ni-ki has a vague feeling it’s his fault so he tried to hide from his boyfriend. But, he’s cornered by his boyfriend in the bathroom of all places.
“You didn’t sleep with me last night,” Jungwon points an accusatory finger at his chest. Ni-ki still has his toothbrush in his mouth.
Ni-ki grabs his finger and laces their hand together. He takes his toothbrush out and nods.
“Why?” Jungwon pouts.
Ni-ki shrugs, “you’ve been extra tired lately and I know it’s tough sleeping with me since I’m so clingy so I slept in my own bed.”
Jungwon is looking at him like he’s stupid, so Ni-ki laughs nervously. “You know? So you can get some good rest in.” He squeezes Jungwon’s hand three times for good measure.
“Riki,” Jungwon says slowly, “I slept horribly last night.”
“Oh.”
Jungwon laughs. “Yeah, oh.” He squeezes Riki’s hand as well.
“Also, I cling on to you when we sleep together? Hello?”
Ni-ki visibly pauses. Thinking about it now, he usually sleeps on his back with Jungwon cuddled into his side. The smaller of the two usually has his leg thrown across Ni-ki too.
“Ohhhhh… you’re right,” Ni-ki laughs.
The older rolls his eyes playfully. “Riki I always sleep well when you’re holding me. I wake up feeling refreshed everyday; sleeping without you is awful.”
Ni-ki grins, “understood!” He didn’t stop to think that Jungwon is used to sleeping with him by now.
“Sorry Wonie! I’ll sleep with you every single night.” He promises.
“You better! You’ll be sleeping next to me for a very long time!”
Someone knocks on the door.
“Yang Jungwon! Yang Ni-ki! Are you two done being gross in there?” Sunoo whines.
Jungwon presses a quick kiss to corner of Ni-ki’s lips. “Yeah, hyung!”
The leader leaves first, letting Sunoo join Ni-ki in the bathroom.
“I heard everything, you know.” Sunoo not so causally says.
“Yeah, yeah, yeah!” The youngest groans.
Sunoo turns and looks up at Ni-ki. “Dummy! Why can’t you just tell him? Now he’s grumpy because he didn’t get any sleep and it’s your fault!”
Before Ni-ki can respond, Sunoo continues. “Anyway, I’m pretty sure he wants to be 4 lyfers with you too.”
“How do you know that?”
Sunoo rolls his eyes. “Did you not hear him? He said you’re gonna be sleeping next to him for a long time! That’s 4 lyfers stuff!”
Ni-ki laughs. “Hyung, you should worry about telling Sunghoonie hyung that you want to be 4 lyfers with him.”
“Shut up!” Sunoo shrieks.
The youngest laughs again before opening the door and standing face to face with Sunghoon.
“Ni-ki,” Sunghoon says, though he’s looking at Sunoo instead. “What’d you say?”
“Ha ha oops!” Ni-ki nervously giggles before running away so he doesn’t have to deal with the aftermath of that.

—
“You’re sleeping early tonight, Riki?”
Ni-ki automatically lifts his arm so Jungwon can cuddle into him and rest his head on his shoulder.
“Yeah, that way we both can get a good night’s sleep.” Ni-ki brushes his lips on Jungwon’s forehead.
His boyfriend hums. “When we’re older, we should get a bigger bed. So there’s extra room for Bisco and Maeumie too!”
Ni-ki’s heart stops, and starts again. He can feel the exact moment his brain starts to short circuit because holy crap is Jungwon saying what he think he’s saying?
“Riki?” Jungwon pokes him in the stomach. Ni-ki’s brain starts working again.
“When we’re older?” He whispers.
“Yeah, like when we have our own house or something.” Jungwon says it so causally that Ni-ki wants to cry.
“Yeah.” Ni-ki softly responds. “We’ll get a bigger bed.”
It sounds like a promise.

—
(Finally, Sunoo’s voice says in his head.)
Normally, he’d go to his best friend but he’s currently going through a Sunghoon themed crisis (oops) so he goes to his big brother instead.
“Jake hyung, should I buy Jungwonie hyung a ring?”
Said hyung promptly chokes on his water. “What?” He croaks.
Ni-ki pats Jake’s back. “A ring. For Wonie hyung.”
“Why?” Jake’s voice shoots up a few octaves, “why do you want to get Jungwon a ring? You’re like 12!”
“I’m 16!”
“In Korean age!! You’re actually 15! A baby!”
Ni-ki sighs. “Hyung, this isn’t a big deal.”
“Yes it is!” Jake sounds like he’s going to cry.
Just then Heeseung sleepily walks in. “What are you guys talking about?”
“Ni-ki wants to buy Jungwon a ring. Hyung tell him no!” Jake responds, in English.
Heeseung pauses before nodding his head. “Yeah, I’m not awake enough for this conversation.” He turns to go back into their room.
Jake actually cries.
“Hyung! It’s not like I’m gonna marry him, not right now at least. I just want to tell him I’m in this for life!”
The Australian wipes his eyes. “Why can’t you just tell him that? You scared me!”
Ni-ki can’t help but laugh. “Why are you crying, hyung?”
“I just think,” Jake hiccups, “that you’re growing up too fast. You’re 15, and you know for sure you want to spend the rest of your life with Jungwon?”
“Yeah.” Ni-ki nods. “I can’t imagine a future without him, you know? I’ve tried to imagine a future where we’re not together and it just makes my heart hurt.”
He shrugs before continuing, “I don’t know. Maybe we’ll grow up and grow out of love. I really, really hope we don’t. I love him too much to let that happen.”
Jake pets his hair. “You love Jungwon?”
It’s then that Ni-ki realizes that it’s the first time he’s admit that, out loud to anyone.
Ni-ki swallows, then takes a deep breath. “Yeah, I do. I love Jungwonie hyung a lot.”
The older pulls him in for a hug.

—
He’ll listen to Sunoo and Jake, and just flat out tell Jungwon.
The young couple decided to go on a little picnic on the company’s rooftop. Jungwon is talking his ear off about their upcoming promotions and Ni-ki isn’t really listening.
“-and then after that, we’ll start promoting our second single-”
Ni-ki can’t wait anymore, so he interrupts Jungwon. “Hyung, I love you.”
Jungwon falls silent, his mouth slightly open. “What?”
The younger takes both of Jungwon’s hands. “I love you.” He repeats.
“You do?” Jungwon whispers, vulnerable.
Ni-ki squeezes Jungwon’s hands once, twice, three times. “Yeah, I want to be 4 lyfers with you.”
There are tears in Jungwon’s eyes but he’s laughing. “Is that what you and Sunoo hyung were talking about that one day?”
“Yeah.” Ni-ki nods.
Jungwon leans over to kiss Ni-ki. “I love you too.” He rubs their noses together.
Ni-ki let’s out a happy laugh.
“I want to be 4 lyfers with you too.” He tacks on.
Ni-ki holds his pinky out. “We’ll be 4 lyfers, with our own house and a bed big enough for us and our dogs.”
Jungwon links pinkies with Ni-ki. “Promise.”
Maybe it’s too early for them to be talking about this, but this promise feels like a promise to revisit this conversation more than anything. One day, Ni-ki thinks, he’ll buy Jungwon a promise ring and actually promise a future with his boyfriend. But for now, I love yous and silly TikTok references are enough.
When the first COVID-19 vaccines made their way to Central City, Ed knew that Winry would want to be one of the first in line. Because that's how she was, after all. She always prioritized the needs and safety of others over the possible risks to her own well-being, especially when her automail patients were involved. It was one of the many reasons he'd married her.
However, Edward worried that she might develop some of the more drastic side effects, so he decided to accompany Winry on the train ride from Rush Valley to Central. After all, who knew what could happen if she was on her own, stranded hours away from help?
"Now, Winry, you know you can change your mind at any time, right? I'm not going to try to steer you away from this if it's what you're set on, but you know your patients and I would still respect your decision if you wanted to wait to make sure the vaccine doesn't cause any long-term damage to you, right?"
"Edward Rockbell," she frowned with her hands on her hips, doing nothing to diminish his pride in the name, "I could care less about some hypothetical damage if I even have half a chance at keeping my patients healthy and you know it. And besides, you never had such a high opinion of possible damage when you were involved." She raised an eyebrow.
"When I was involved, sure, but never when it was you, gearhead," he said softly, pulling her in for a hug. His hand held her head and ran down the length of her hair.
"Well, I'm doing it, Ed," Winry said into his shoulder. "Like it or not, I'm trying to protect you, too, even if I have to wait hours in line to do it."
"I could barely figure out what the heck you said between the mask and my shoulder, but with the way the line's going, I don't think you're gonna have to wait very long."
"Hm, I guess not."
"Now, I've researched this. You know you have to stay in the monitoring area for fifteen minutes afterwards, right? You know to stretch your arm so it doesn't get so sore, right? You know to keep your vaccination card…"
Much to Edward's relief, Winry showed no signs of any negative side effects. They went out to dinner (unfortunately, at one of the restaurants the Colonel had recommended), and the train ride back to Rush Valley would have been almost boring if Ed hadn't entertained a child by drawing a transmutation circle that made a loud, garish toy when the child activated it.
And then they got in the car.
Winry cranked the car and made a stop at the nearest gas station while they took turns going to the bathroom. Two minutes down the road, however, the blood began to drain from Winry's face.
"Winry, are you doing alright?"
"I'm  fine, Ed. It's not like I can't drive or anything." Several seconds later, Ed spoke again.
"Are you  sure?  Because you look like you're about to throw up."
"I'm—" she blanched.
"Winry Rockbell, pull over or I'll pull over  for  you!"
Thankfully, she obeyed and put the car in park.
"Now, don't move. I'll come around and get you."
" Ed, I'm not that bad."
He opened her door and pulled her out. "Get some fresh air, Winry. I'm gonna help you to the passenger's side, okay? This is why I came with you."
"I don't need—" she stumbled, cutting off the rest of her sentence.
"You were saying?" Ed chuckled after catching her with the arm that was already around her.
"Oh, just drop me in the car, will you?"
Fortunately, it was only a half hour drive to the other side of the city, but Ed feared that Winry's condition might worsen drastically in even that short a time frame.
First, he noticed her breaths get shorter and faster.
"Winry, do you need me to roll the window down? I'd help you on your side if I could."
"Y-yeah, maybe."
A few minutes later, he heard her whimpering quietly. He laid a comforting hand on her thigh. "What's happening? Is there anything I can do?"
"I don't know. I should have known this would happen. Even a normal flu shot wipes me out the whole next day, plus I hear it's worse if you've had covid before, and who knows, maybe I did, and—" he squeezed her leg, and she added in a small voice, "Maybe you could hold my hand?"
"Of course I'll hold your hand, hon," he smiled for her sake, adding under his breath, "and maybe speed a bit so we can get you home faster."
A few more minutes, and her whimpers grew louder. Winry's hand gripped his like a lifeline.
"Ed, I can't do this," she panted.
"You're so freaking strong, Winry. Just hold on a little longer. Squeeze my hand as tight as you want."
Her bone-crushing grip renewed his sense of urgency.
"Help me," she pleaded.
"What can I do, baby?"
"Help me," she echoed. "It hurts. It hurts so much."
"I'm getting you home as fast as I can. You're amazing, Winry."
She only moaned in response.
"I wanna die, I wanna die, I wanna die," she wept.
"Shh, I love you too much for that. You're my wife. You're my strong, brilliant, amazing wife, and I'd give up my entire body before I'd let you die. You hear me?"
"Mhm."
"Hey, do you remember when I said your hands are meant to give life?"
"Mhm."
"Well, keep holding my hand so that my hand give  you  life. We're so close. Just hang in there."
"I still wanna die," she sniffed.
"I'm gonna do what I can, okay, baby?"
Ed did his best to keep his hands from trembling. He had to stay strong for Winry. But what if this was a rare side effect? What if she actually  was  dying? No.  No. It was just a vaccine. It'd be ridiculous if she was actually dying, but it didn't keep him from wondering if she needed to see a doctor.  But please, he prayed to any deity that would listen,  please let me do  something  for Winry.
So he sang. He sang her the lullabies of Trisha Elric. He sang her the old, cheesy love songs she had a soft spot for. When he ran out of those, he sang an oddly gentle version of some pop punk songs he listened to. He sang anything he could think of, from classic musicals to popular songs that Winry danced to, even if he thought they were trash.
Although her moans and whimpers didn't grow any quieter, she mewled, "You sing really pretty, Ed. Why don't you do it more?"
"If you make it through this, I'll sing for you whenever you want, Mrs. Rockbell. What song do you want next? We're almost home, and then you can lie down and I'll get you whatever you want. Does that sound okay?" He pressed a kiss to her hand, keeping his eyes on the road. He'd probably regret his promises to sing, but right then, he couldn't care less.
Ed took her song request and parked in front of their home shortly after. Walking over to the passenger side, he carefully pulled Winry out and carried her up the stairs past her shop to their apartment above it. She curled into his chest until he laid her on their bed.
"Equivalent exchange," he kissed her burning forehead. "You've taken care of me when you and Granny had to give me life-saving surgery after I lost my arm and leg. Now I get to look after you when you need me."
Winry smacked him weakly. "Alchemy freak."
"Gearhead," he laughed softly. "Try to sleep, if you can. I'll be right here the whole time if you need my hand again. Just tell me if you need anything, and I'll get it."
She smiled, then crumpled with a moan. After several seconds, she turned her head to look at Edward.
"Even if I want a purple polka dotted hippopotamus?"
Ed laughed. "Even if you want a purple polka dotted hippopotamus."
Shen Qingqiu wasn't always Shen Qingqiu the great peak lord.

There was a time when he was just Xiao Jiu a street rat, a begger, a slave.

Someone that didn't have anything to his name, an orphan without anything or anyone.

Well for a while he had his best friend Qi Ge, but even that didn't lasted.

He came from nothing and made his way in life with his own two hands, not one ever gave him anything, he had to fight with teeth and nails for everything he had, for every inch that he got of a better life he had to work hard.

And now that he was in the top, now that he finally had time to rest he was supposed to be happy.

Right?

All the suffering that he had endured, all the pain, was supposed to be left behind so he could be happy now right?

Right?

The problem was that Shen Qingqiu didn't felt happy.

Even at the top, he still couldn't trust anyone, his only friends were the woman in the brothel that would let him sleep there because he was too damage and it helped when someone was there when he wake up from his night terrors.

He had everything that he ever dream of as slave and yet he was still unhappy incapable of moving on.

Every day was just the same.

Rise, teach to a bunch of privilege brats, meditate, eat and go to bed.

Rise.

Teach.

Meditate.

Eat.

Sleep.

A never ending cycle that was supposed to be his happy ever after.

Rise.

Teach.

Meditate.

Sleep.

Sometimes he added heard his old best friends apologize in that list, always so full of regret like a kicked puppy but yet in the moment of true he would always fail in tell him why.

Why he didn't keep his promise?

Why he didn't came back for him?

Why he wouldn't tell him?

Did he thought that he wasn't worth the explanation?


Rise.

Teach.

Meditate.

They were also the sect meetings when he had to deal with the whispers of his martial siblings.

It was always oh so fun to hear the new gossip about him, what new sordid rumor they have about him.

His martial siblings had the most vivid imaginations.

Rise.

Teach.

Rise.

Teach.

Rise.

Teach...

Teach...

Teach...

Teac—

Tea—

Te—

T—

...—

Shen Qingqiu wasn't even surprised when he started to feel the first symptoms of a Qi deviation.

And he might haven't fought the Qi deviation... But could anyone blame him?

He was just so tired.

So... so tired.

It was so bad of him to just... To just want to get some rest?

And that was how Shen Qingqiu peak lord, the great Xiu Ya sword died bitter and alone.

The same way he lived.

.

Who the hell name their child Sunny?!

That was the first thing that Shen Qingqiu could think when he was able to understand what his parents where saying.

The second was fuck.

Of course the heavens wouldn't let him rest and would send him back to earth.

And of course he would be reborn as a girl with parents stupid enough to call her Sunny.

He didn't really bother the part of being a girl. Girls were nice, soft and better than men in everything — Girls never hurt him, never broke him or betrayed him, they were safe —

So being a girl was actually an improvement.

But her name?

She was definitely going to change it as soon as she could.

.

This world was definitely different as her old one.

First since in this world people didn't have qi they relied on something called technology and electricity.

It was fascinating.

Other thing that was different was that instead of having cultivators and demons they had something called heroes and villains.

And the city that he lived in had a lot of the last ones, dangerously too many.

So that was another thing he was adding to her to do list.

1) change her name
2) change city.

Something that was different from her previous life was that here... Here she had something that she never had before.

She had...

Parents

"How's my little ray of sun today?" Asked her mother picking her up on her arms safely, smiling at her with all the love in kindness in the world.

And if her eyes were tearing up a little was only because she was hungry and nothing else.

"Our little Sunny" said her father next to her mother and he had the same loving eyes as her mother.

Yep, it was totally because of the hunger.

And maybe she wouldn't change her name — that her parents put her with love — after changing city's...

Because if she changed her name after changing city's it might be hard for her parents to find her so...

It was probably a pain to do it anyways.

.

Another thing that Sunny learned was that it was very likely that her parents were making drugs or some other kind of pharmac illegally.

And taking in account the city that they live in.... It was a fine job.

Besides it wasn't as if her parents were junkies that lived in a trash can.

They lived in a pretty nice and lovely house on the suburbs, and they were smart enought to not mix their work with their personal life.

Besides they love her.

She didn't had people that did that before, so as far as she care they could be serial killers or demons and for Sunny they would still be her beloved parents.

"The nutcracker?" She asked a little curious when her mother say that she had something special to show her.

"Yes, you are going to love it" Her mother smiled taking her hand while her dad put the alarm on the car.

Not that that would stop any criminal but still.

"It's on ice so it's even better than the normal one!" Cheered her dad taking her other hand.

Sunny raised an eyebrow but until now her parents had never lied to her so she decided to give them the benefit of the doubt.

And as always her parents didn't lie.

She loved it.

.

Since this was a dangerous city, Sunny still practiced martial arts and meditation — she wasn't sure if she could form a golden core in this world but trying wouldn't hurt her — but not like before.

After seeing what the martial arts of this world look like...

Sunny believed that the martial arts that he knew were more close to a dance than of being actual martial arts.

So she focused in the basic and took away some of the more... Elaborate movements.

But she still missed some parts, like flying and some of the twirls were fun...

Sue her they were!

So ice skating.

They had twirls and  if she took enough impulse she could fly too!

Which was pretty awesome.

Her parents were just happy that she decided to leave their house for something else than school.

And maybe she could make friends!

Yeah sure.

Sunny didn't have the heart to tell them that that wasn't happening.

The day that she would bring a friend home would be the day that Gotham would start being the safest city on the country.

.

"It's so nice to meet Sunny's friends" Her mother said and Sunny wanted to cleared up that not, they weren't her friends.

They just came here to return her fan, one that she was pretty sure that she leaved on her school bag before going home, so they were a lot of chances of them stealing it just to have an excuse to come her house.

Knowing those two terror she was probably 99.9999% right.

"Thank you! It's nice to meet you too! Sunny always talk about how pretty and smart her mom is!" Said little shit number one looking like a cute kid and not like the future serial killer that Sunny was sure he was going to be.

"And nice!" Added little shit number two with her pretty big eyes looking all sparkling and innocent.

The bitch.

"Oh my dear, you are so cute" Her mother said totally falling for their dirty tricks.

Sunny would like to say that she was still right.

She didn't bring friends home.

She brought stalkers home.

.

"You wanna leave Gotham?" Asked Amara next to her. "Why?"

"Because it's a horrible city with horrible people" She answered like it was a fact which it was.

"What are you talking about? Gotham it's awesome" Said Donatello watching her with confusion that was mirrored in his twin face.

"It's a lovely place to live" said Amara with honesty on her voice.

"Only the people in your family are crazy enough to believe that" She answered seeing the magazine with a ranking of the most safe city's to live in the states.

Originally she thought about leaving the country but it would be more difficult to convince her parents to leave the country and she wasn't leaving her parents in this horrible city.

Besides if she tried to leave the country they were real possibility of the twins hiding or stealing her passport so she couldn't leave.

Or worst they would follow her and in a normal city without chaos those bastarted would probably make her life hell just to have something to do.

"You need money to leave the city" commented Illya who was a walking cinnamon roll.

Why he was dating someone so... Insane as a Donatello was beyond her and would probably always be.

"I'll work as soon as I start college" She answered placing a post it on the article about metropolis.

"You can be a babysitter" suggested Amara and Sunny paused.

That was...

That was a good idea actually.

She already had experience from her previous world and in this world she had took care of the twins little sister and she had done a good job.

Besides she wanted to be a teacher so it would help her to have some more practice.

Did the Vittoria had a normal, sane and decent idea for the first time?

Maybe there was actual hop—

"Don you were sleeping with the English teacher or the Math teacher?" Asked Amara and Donatello looked at Illya.

"The math teacher, why?" Answered Illya like talking about the people his boyfriend sleep with was normal.

Well Don was a manwhore after all and Illya a saint so...

"Good and it's for nothing, I am just going to ruin the career of the English teacher and I wanted to ask your permission first if he was one of yours"

"Oh he was hot, a shame but feel free to do what you want" Shrugged Donatello. "Why are you going to ruin his life for?"

"He always makes this annoying comments about my being a dumb cheerleader, so he didn't leave any other choice" She sighed but Sunny could see the amusement on her eyes.

She took it back.

There wasn't any hope for this people or this city.

So Sunny would definitely leave this city even if that meant to babysit a couple of annoying brats.

She had already fought actually demons how hard could it possibly be to work as a nanny?

In the future Sunny would come to regret those words.
'I have a request,' Cheung Sai-lun says.
Ko Bun looks at him expectantly, hands on his hips, waiting for him to continue. Cheung Sai-lun is a man of many requests, most of them being rather ridiculous, such as how he had desperately wanted to recreate the famous motorcycle scene from A Moment In Time, and had forced Ko Bun to be Siu Tsin while he assumed the role of Wah Dee. Such as the time when Sai-lun had been convinced that the only way for Ko Bun to be able to back down from being nominated for the next leader of the Four Alliance Gang would be for him to out himself as a crossdressing gravure idol of some sorts, with sexy photos included, and that had ended in... Oh, fuck, Ko Bun doesn't even want to think about the rest of the times, but okay. Fine. He'll bite. 'What is it?'
'I haven't actually been around Hong Kong ever since I've arrived,' Sai-lun admits. 'Would you show me around?'
Ko Bun blinks, surprised. 'No way,' he can barely stop the words from leaving his mouth.
'Considering how Madam Koo cornered me in my first week of arrival and whisked me away for training afterwards, and before that all I had been concerned with was getting that audition with Chong Ming-lai... I haven't had time to see the sights of Hong Kong, so as to speak,' Sai-lun explains. 'Or try any of the local food beyond what we've been eating together.'
'Are you trying to tell me that you want to go to Disneyland with me?' Ko Bun asks, voice filled with disbelief.
'That's an option. You know, I've actually never been to the ones in America at all.'
'You're joking.'
'They're a long way from Ohio,' Sai-lun says, slinging an arm around Ko Bun's shoulders. 'So, what do you think? Can you show me a good time in Hong Kong?'
Ko Bun chokes on his spit. There's the unmistakably suggestive lilt to Sai-lun's voice, and Ko Bun is not having any of it, especially after the crossdressing fiasco. No. No way. 'I can show you a painful time,' he hisses, nudging Sai-lun hard. 'How about that?'
Sai-lun's only response is a chuckle as he continues walking. Despite his protests, Ko Bun does not pull away from Sai-lun's arm that’s still wrapped around his shoulders.

It's one thing to get takeout from the Cha Chaan Teng two blocks away, but another to actually sit there and eat it, having to make room at your table to share with other patrons when it becomes too crowded in the morning.
Ko Bun watches as Sai-lun wolfs down his food — macaroni that's more chewy as opposed to the kind that disintegrates in your mouth, in a comforting bowl of hot soup with strips of ham, along with creamy scrambled eggs sitting atop a slice of toast. He hasn't had a meal in a place like this in a long while, and he's never had any reason to anyway.
'Not hungry?' Sai-lun asks, sipping at his iced milk tea. He's on his final order for the morning, a bolo bun with a wedge of cold butter stuffed inside it, and Ko Bun watches, mesmerised, as he makes quick work of the food.
'I'm alright,' Ko Bun answers. He's finished his instant noodles already and besides, watching Sai-lun has proved to be far more interesting. He's pretty sure that from the way Sai-lun exclaims as he eats, he's never tasted anything with proper flavour before.
'This is so good,' Sai-lun says, draining his cup of milk tea. 'I'm so glad I came here with you.'
Ko Bun blinks. With you. The words are not lost on him, and his cheeks flush red. 'You can't say you've really been to Hong Kong without trying the food,' Ko Bun says, ignoring Sai-lun's words. 'It's only right that I show you around.'
If Sai-lun had noticed Ko Bun's reaction, he doesn't say. Instead he grins, reaching for Ko Bun's hand, squeezing it briefly before saying 'Thank you.'

It isn't as if Sai-lun has a lot of time to go round exploring the different sights of Hong Kong, tasting what the city has to offer. In between handling matters of the Four Alliance Gang and the Chiang-Four Alliance Corporation, along with trying to uncover the identity of those who murdered Old Master Chiang and his two oldest sons, Sai-lun barely has any time to himself.
Thankfully, Ko Bun's position as Sai-lun's right-hand man does make things easier. The only person they'd have to go to lengths to avoid would be Luk Chau, given his position as Sai-lun's bodyguard, and after how they had pretended to be dating? It's clear that Luk Chau would not be giving them his blessings any time soon, but it does make it more convenient for Sai-lun and Ko Bun to be able to spend time alone. Not only to discuss their shared mission of finding a killer, and of how to continue to operate undercover without arousing the suspicions of others, but to actually go out on dates meetings to explore Hong Kong together.
Sai-lun has never had dim sum before, and definitely not at the traditional kind of restaurant with the ladies bringing the dishes around in their pushcarts. Sai-lun's more than excited whenever he manages to acquire the bamboo baskets of steamed goodies that he wants. Har gow, siu mai, cheong fun, char siu buns... It's just regular dim sum, and this is a place that Ko Bun has been to a couple of times now but there's something about it all that makes it feel different. It's the same old prawn dumplings, the same old steamed dumplings with ground pork and prawns in yellow dumpling wrappers, the same old rice rolls with char siu coated in light soya sauce. But sitting opposite Sai-lun, trying all this with him? Somehow this all tastes fresh once more.
'You know,' Sai-lun says later on, falling into step with Ko Bun, arms knocking against his as they walk. 'I've always thought about having dim sum at this sort of place. I've watched countless YouTube videos about it, and I'm glad you brought me here.'
Ko Bun snorts. 'What are you talking about?' he answers obliquely. 'You're the one who wanted to try it, so I did as you asked.'
Sai-lun smiles, rueful. 'That you did.'

Initially, they had spent time together only when necessary, only for the mission. But now? It becomes a weekly affair, almost. Heading to Yau Ma Tei for egg waffles, heading off to Cheung Chau and trying the giant fish balls there, going for hotpot together in the wee hours of the night... There's always something new to try, something new for Ko Bun to introduce Sai-lun to, to share with him, and to think that they haven't even gone to Hong Kong Disneyland yet. Perhaps this is what being a tourist in your own country is like, Ko Bun supposes, and every time he watches how Sai-lun takes in everything with childlike glee and wonder? It's infectious, really.
Every now and then, Sai-lun's hand brushes against Ko Bun's, and Ko Bun pulls away, as if he had been burnt by the contact. Sure, they're supposed to be dating, and Ko Bun should be more than used to physical contact with Sai-lun by now, given how Sai-lun does seem to embody the Western stereotype of being overly friendly in terms of touch to everyone and anyone he meets. But as time goes by, Ko Bun cannot help but wonder. What are they really? What is this anyway? Are they merely colleagues, two people with no one else to cling to to keep their secrets, or is there something more?

Tonight, Ko Bun's riding his motorcycle down Nathan Road in Mong Kok, with Sai-lun's arms wrapped around his waist as he takes in the neon lights. It's a sight that's uniquely Hong Kong, having appeared in plenty of movies, and for once Sai-lun is quiet during the entire ride, not saying a word.
'Shall I send you home?' Ko Bun asks, when they've finally stopped at a traffic light.
Sai-lun hums. 'Can we go up to your place instead?' he asks, arms tightening around Ko Bun's waist.
Ko Bun freezes momentarily. He weighs his options, mind racing, and the traffic light turns green. On impulse, he answers, 'Okay.'

One thing leads to another and one can of beer later, Sai-lun braces himself over Ko Bun, who's lying on the sofa, looking up at him.
'What are you doing?' Ko Bun asks.
'I want to kiss you,' Sai-lun says. 'I've wanted to kiss you again ever since what happened that day in the toilet, after you dressed in that schoolgirl outfit,' he continues, sounding mournful. 'Can I kiss you again? Please?'
Ko Bun stares at him, speechless. 'You've waited all this time just to tell me this now?'
'Yes,' Sai-lun says, hiccuping in his drunkenness. 'I didn't know if you'd want to stick around with me, so I asked you to show me around. Which was nice. No one's ever showed me around anywhere like this before.'
Ko Bun snorts, reaching to cup Sai-lun's cheek. 'Remember you asked if I could show you a good time in Hong Kong?' he asks, voice wry. 'What exactly did you mean?'
Sai-lun huffs, leaning in to press his forehead to Ko Bun's. 'Everything,' he says, breathless. 'Anything. Can I kiss you now?'
Ko Bun snorts. To think that they've been dancing around one another, all this time. He tilts his head up, pressing his lips to Sai-lun's as an answer to his question.

Much to Ko Bun's surprise, they actually do make it to his bed. He ends up underneath Sai-lun, with only his hoodie left to preserve his modesty. Not that he really needs it anyway, but still. Sai-lun's large hand covers Ko Bun's cock, stroking his length slowly, palm slick with spit and pre-come. Ko Bun arches upwards into Sai-lun's touch, crying out when Sai-lun shifts, pressing his cock against his own.
Ko Bun can hardly bear to look. Perhaps he should've expected it, given Sai-lun's physical size, but to have Sai-lun's cock, flush against his own, while Sai-lun jerks the both of them off? It's far too much, Ko Bun thinks. If this is how it is right now, when Sai-lun finally fucks him, he's going to split him apart. Ko Bun 's certain of it, and ridiculously enough, he's actually excited at the thought. Not that he's going to tell Sai-lun about it, but still.
Sai-lun kisses Ko Bun again, this time a little more forcefully. It's as if he's trying to devour Ko Bun completely, and Ko Bun moans, reaching in between the both of them to place his hand over Sai-lun's, encouraging him to speed up his movements.
Sai-lun obliges, of course.

Ko Bun had never expected to have Cheung Sai-lun here with him, in his bed. In the flat that he's always been alone in, without anyone over for company because of the nature of his job. He's an undercover cop, he cannot risk sleeping with anyone or becoming attached because he might compromise himself or worse yet, compromise the mission. But here Cheung Sai-lun is, in this hell together with him. There are no secrets left between the two of them, and it's okay for Ko Bun to let his guard down with him, maybe...
'Ko Yuen,' Sai-lun says, pressing his lips to Ko Bun's forehead.
Fuck. Sai-lun's never used Ko Bun's real name before, and Ko Bun can hardly dare to breathe like this, gathered up in Sai-lun's arms.
'I love you, Ko Yuen.'
Ko Bun swallows hard as tears rush to his eyes. 'Me too,' he chokes out, burying his face in Sai-lun's chest. 'Me too.'
Stuff like this with Mammon was nice, rare. You knew he harbored some feelings for you. You just weren’t sure the extent of them. A little voice in the back of your brain tried to tell you this little shopping trip he took you on should’ve been a big enough hint. But you still weren’t sure. After all, if he didn’t explicitly say the words, ‘I like you’, you’d never really know how he truly felt.
Mammon’s acts of kindness were always hot and cold. When you were in private, he was this big baby, constantly up under you. But in front of the others, he was stand-offish. It wasn’t to the point where you figured he disliked you. But you could tell he was putting up a front for his brothers, the little d’s; etc. it didn’t matter who was around you two, he’d never be caught doting over you. And that behavior was enough to deter you from making a move on him yourself.
Your eyes roamed over the various shops in the devildom mall, some more risqué than others, but settled on a scent shop, Lush. Turning back to him, you point at the store with a wide smile gracing your face. “C’mon! Asmo told me about this place earlier,” you exclaim and grab  his arm in the process, tugging him across the large hall.
“Ack- let go! I’m coming aight,” he grumbled half heartedly. He wriggled his arm from your grasp, much to your dismay, and followed you in.
“Don’t you have enough scented soap as it is?” He mumbled, eyes scanning the shop’s shelves before finally settling on you as you inspected an aisle of perfumes. Asmo dropped a little secret to you a couple of days ago: Mammon’s favorite smell happened to be apple cider/cinnamon. Unbeknownst to him, Lush recently dropped a product line for it and you had a little plan to nudge Mammon right  into your arms. Thank you, Asmo.
After spritzing a little on your wrist and your exposed clavicle, you bounded up to him excitedly. “One can never have too many! Now, smell this!” You held out your wrist to him expectantly and watching him dip his head to sniff your hand unsurely. The scrunch of his nose unfurled and his brows shot up in surprise as a rose tinted blush spread across his cheeks. His azure eyes darted up to your face. “Well… what do you think?” The question came out soft, shyly and you batted your lashes at him innocently. Your body was so close to him you were sure it made him even redder than he was previously. Your actions were purposeful, hoping the scent on your neck would reach him.
“Uh- Lean closer so I can smell it better,” he stumbled over his words lamely, his eyes darting every where but your face. His face hovered close to you once you craned your neck to the side, exposing your vein. You suppressed a shudder when you felt his nose grazing your skin. He was so goddamn close, you were sure he could feel your heart pounding in your throat. This wasn’t the first time Mammon had been in this close of a proximity. But it was the first time, his movements felt sensual, charged with bottled up desire. It felt like an eternity; his lips barely ghosting over your skin before he pulled back, huffing out a breath of air from his nose. His eyes were screwed shut and he was even more of a blushing mess and you were no better. Your body instinctively followed, yearning to be closer to him again.
The both of your eyes met when he opened his again, both swirling with unspoken emotions. Desire lurked under his eyes, unbridled want in yours. The sexual tension from that simple exchange left you tingling and you wondered if he felt the same. Your eyes darted to his lips. Time stood still and the idle chatter of the shop drowned out around you as you stepped closer to him. His head dipped down to you, lips almost caressing yours. His own scent wafted into your senses, a pleasant combination of a woodsy smell mixed with cinnamon. He smelled so good, it was making you dizzy. You wanted more of him, to soak up his very essence. And just as you leaned up, closing your eyes he cleared his throat and shook his head as if to clear his thoughts. He scratched the back of his head awkwardly laughing.
“I- it’s okay. Not my favorite.” Liar. “If you like it, get it,” he stammered out in a huff and shuffled out of your way. Disgruntled, you gathered the other items you grabbed earlier and made your way to the cashier quickly side stepping other shoppers in the store.
Sure, you hoped Mammon had been bold enough to give you your first kiss with him right there but what else did you expect. The both of too afraid to express your true feelings and you suddenly think he’ll be spontaneous enough to tongue you down in front of all these people. You chewed on your bottom lip, nervously depositing your items on the counter trying your best to ignore Mammon’s lingering eyes boring in the back of your head. There would be other times, you reassured yourself almost dejectedly. Maybe he just wasn’t ready. Regardless if you were, you didn’t want to push him into a situation he might’ve been uncomfortable no matter how much your body wanted to pounce on him. You hummed to yourself watching as he pulled Goldie out to pay for your things hoping the awkward and sexual tension around the both of you would dissipate by the time you made your way to the next store.
—

Ever since you both had left the store, Mammon had been less chattier than usual but opting to go for physical contact. He slung an arm around your shoulder, an unspoken apology in the air:
‘Sorry for dodging you.’
Every time you felt his fingers tracing idle patterns on your shoulder you knew his intent even if couldn’t find the right words to convey it. You just hoped the next time an opportunity like this happened neither one of you fucks it up. Your pursed your lips together, evenly spreading the cinnamon lip gloss you purchased across your bottom and top lip. Asmo’s little tip on Mammon’s love of apple cider/cinnamon flavored had its desired affect earlier, even if it didn’t pan out how you wanted. If things turned out in your favor once more, maybe, just maybe, things may escalate beyond kissing once he gets a taste of your lips.
“What about there?” Mammon’s voice pulled you out of your inner scheming with him jerking his head over to Viola’s Secret. You turned to look at him arching a brow at his sudden interest in lingerie. The shock on your face was as evident as the blush on his cheeks. “You said you wanted pajamas earlier. H-here’s a good place to get some- Or so I’m told!” He sputtered out, pulling you with him. 15 minutes passed of you lobbing various pjs into your cart, mostly consisting of comfortable pjs. Mammon opted to sit on one of the ottomans by the dressing rooms while he waited for you to finish. It wasn’t until you spotted a skimpy lingerie set that you got a mischievous idea.
It was a bustier with a matching lace bra and panties. Pink was the color Mammon often told you looked lovely against your skin so you found yourself gravitating towards the pink and black set; numerous ideas bounced around in your head of how you wanted to surprise him. There would be no prying eyes. No interruptions. Just you, him, and this spur of the moment idea you’re 90% sure is going to backfire. On the off chance it doesn’t, it’ll be a big step in confirming the both your feelings. After getting your size, the clerk rung up your purchases with Mammon’s trustee Goldie handling your expensive tab. Lucky for you, Mammon hardly paid any attention to what you stuffed in your bag and raised his arm up so you could resume at your spot, tucked neatly into his side.
—

Mammon collapsed onto your bed as soon as you got back to the House of Lamentation, having exhausted himself from lugging your bags around. He had insisted he’d be able to carry all of them but that never stopped him from complaining about it. You knew he was beyond tired and you wanted to reward him for his efforts. This is why you were currently in the bathroom rummaging through your shopping bags. You’d donned the frilly lingerie set, which perked up your breasts quite nicely. The thigh high lace tights clung nicely to your flesh accentuating your legs. The bathroom smelled of apple cider and cinnamon as well as your skin and lips from the Lush products you bought earlier. It was all coming together. You looked down right sexy. You feel sensual. The giddy feeling of wowing Mammon sprung up in your chest had you nervous.
“You can do this,” you whispered to yourself, calmly and mentally hyping yourself up. “You know Mammon likes you. He has to admit it now.” Right? It was now or never and the more you stood in the bathroom staring at yourself in the reflection, the more you felt your confidence slipping.
Slowly, you opened the door leading to your bedroom and leaned on the frame waiting for Mammon to take notice of your attire. You watched him slowly sit up, rubbing his eyes as he turned to you. “Are you gone stand there all day not gimme any atten… tion…” The words on his lips fell off the moment his eyes fell to you, his mouth hanging slightly ajar. He reached up and removed his tinted sunglasses as his eyes followed all of your movements. His gaze worked over the switch of your hips, the spillage of your skin in your thigh highs. He licked his lips, eyes trailing up to your barely concealed breasts practically bursting out of your lace bra. Finally, he looked directly into your eyes as you stood in between his legs. His look was intense, those blue eyes swirling with happiness, lust, and something else. Something you couldn’t quite place.
But he didn’t give you time to ponder the swirling emotions in his irises or even your own overwhelming ones. He grabbed you by the backs of your thighs, pulling them to rest on the sides of his legs so that you straddled him. Toned, tanned arms circled around your waist and he buried his face into your bosom. You felt your heart swell with glee and your pussy fluttered with excitement at his undivided attention. “You smell… delicious.” He tilted his head up, to unmuffle his voice. “You probably taste delicious too.” Mammon looked like he wanted to devour you right then and there. Lust was rolling both your bodies in waves, the most obvious indication of his was poking you in the cuff of your ass through his jeans. “I’m going to devour you.” The look on his face was so raw to the point he almost looked innocent.  He kneaded the flesh of your cheeks with his face resting on the plumpness of your tit. “If you’ll let me?” You almost wanted to laugh. After all this, he still seemed unsure to the point he needed to ask.
“Yeah.” It came out in a whisper so soft, you weren’t sure if Mammon even heard you. It didn’t matter if he heard you. The wanting expression on your face was enough to undo him right then and there. His hands gripped your flesh, hoisting you effortless up in the air. It was as if you weighed nothing compared to his strength. He gently placed you down on the bed, his body looming over you while his form seemed to grow bigger around you. A dark aura oozed around the two of you and his wings sprouted from his back, gracefully flapping.
His demon form was scarily beautiful and you instinctively reached up to his face letting your other hand trail down his bare abs. Mammon’s silky white hair dangled over his eyes but you could still make out his azure and golden eyes. He wanted this just as bad as you did. If not more.
“You’re so beautiful,” he purred out, all traces of the nervous man evaporating before your very eyes. Your eyes widen at his sudden confession, the weight of his words filling you with joy. “And all mine,” he growled out lowly, dipping his head near your ear. He kissed his way around the shell of your ear, trailing them under your jawline in a beeline to your lips. It was heaven on your skin, light and feathery as his hands explored your body. “Whenever you ask me again how i feel, please remember my answer is you. Always.”
His lips met yours eagerly attacking you with an aggressive and sloppy kiss. Your hands shot up, snaking behind his neck to tangle themselves in his hair pulling him flush against your body. A hand slip between your panties, fingers caressing the sensitive bundle of nerves below. You’d lost count how many times you’d dreamt about Mammon’s slender fingers teasing your body with your pussy clenching around nothing. How he’d feel, what he’d do, what noises he’d be able to pull from your needy body. You yearned for him in away you never had for anyone else. A whimper tumbled off your lips, it being muffled by his mouth. His tongue slipped into your mouth sliding and tangling with yours. He chuckled into the kiss. “Look at my needy baby,” he taunted rolling the pads of his fingers over your clit. “So ready for me when I’ve barely touched this slutty body of yours.” He teased the slit of your entrance feeling the collective wetness leaking from you. Your hips bucked against his fingers craving the titillating friction they brought. He pulled back from the kiss, sliding his fingers deep into your folds and drawing out a soft ‘oh’ from your lips. His fingers were delightful, steadily stretching you out and massaging the most sensitive parts of your pussy. You watched him through heavy lidded eyes. The lust drunk look in his crazed eyes was enough to make you clench around his talented fingers. The way he was looking at you was such a primal and possessive way. One that made you want to ravage him.
His thumb worked your clit while his two other fingers curled and fluttered about in your cunt pulling out your delicious moans. Mammon grinned down at you enjoying ever expression you made at him, sighing when your fingernails tickled his skin the lower they went. Your fingers fumbled with the buckle on his dark pants, jittery with excitement. “Hm? What do you need baby?”
You looked up at him doe eyed and grasped his cock through his pants, giving it a firm squeeze. “You.” The single word came out breathily and soft. “All i want is you.” Mammon nodded, quickly removing his clothes and unburdening you of yours making sure to take his sweet time.
He wanted to admire your body. To show you the love and care it truly deserved. He was going to worship your delectable body all night until you gave out from pleasurable exhaustion.
“I’m yours, baby. Always and forever.”
He woke Up,it looked like he was sleeping for a really long time...or did he just fell on the bed and is already awake? Was he even on a bed?
He didn't know...everything looked so confusing...
He felt like he was being holden by Ivy's plants
Or he was being stung by 5 bees at the same time
Then he thought he was on heaven,'cuz he could feel clouds under his body,it was so soft and fluffly....
Memories flashings on his head like a train,he could see trees,flowers,rainbows,bubbles,hands,blue green and brown eyes,and the last memory was a trapeze...and above the trapeze he saw two little birds,flying aroud the place,like they were chasing each other.
His mind lighten up a lil bit and then it clicked that the birds were Robins...pretty innocent and happy Robins...
He could feel that he smiled with the memory,but his face felt so cold and weird.
He heard voices,one was so soft and the other was so confident,the other was very serious but it looked like the owner of the voice was being careful with his ears,other voice got sassiness but it was conforting,an sarcastic tone came to his ears and the voice said a bad word...he knew those people...,someone was laughing,other grunting,jokes and a little soft hand came to yours....
Wait! He could feel something! He got so excited he opened his eyes-
But...'huh weird' -he saw a big Moon on the sky,there were no stars...he tried to look around because the clarity of the spot made his eyes sting like a fresh bruise when applying merthiolate
There was a white white and white all over the place,no colors,no red,no yellow or green,or blue,he would like to see blue,his favorite color that would remind him of something really important but at the time he didn't know what...(he could swear he got a glimpse of a blue bird surrounded by black shadows)there was not even gray in the place.
He couldn't hear anything except for a beep,he thought that it was probably a bird trying to wake him up...look at him again...thinking about birds,what's so important about them anyways?
He didn't know...so he choose to stare at the big pretty moon,but now it was an sun instead...(weird) he thought he saw the moon
The all of sudden Black shades started to come to his vision,he started to panic
'what is that? Is the devil coming to pick me? I'm diving into a big dark ocean that hides my scariest monsters? What is goin-'
Before he could finish his thought,a voice,feminine voice said:
- _Hello My Little Robin,are you ready to cross the sun?_
He didn't understand,what did she meant?
Another voice,this time it was male:
- _It's time to rest son....you can sleep now....leave the night creatures to take care of everything and come fly with us_
He didn't know what that was supposed to be,but somehow these voices calmed him,he was in peace.
Suddenly he felt like he was on a cave,it was so cold around him..
the stomping sound in his chest got louder, he felt hands, multiple phantom hands shaking his body, he felt like he was being electrocuted
Then he was in the air,he felt the clouds again...
His legs were not working but he was standing,standing on the same trapeze from his memory,standing until the phantom hands pushed him down and he could only hear for a second a lot of comovation and a loud beep-
"Fast! Get all the doctors here!" Bruce
"Nooo! I need to be at his side! Let me in right n-" tim
"That can't happen! I still have a lot of things to say to him!" Jason
"NOOO get off! i need him! You don't understand! He is the most important person to me Noo-" damin
"I- i couldn't- couldn't say i loved him" babs
"It's too late..." Cass
"I can't believe it no- this is not possible.." steph
"I'm sorry we didn't have a close relationship...but i still loved you.." duke
"Pls...Don't leave me now...i need you,i don't know if i can do-" bruce
Nothing.
Nothing, just silence.
He was finally gone,free to fly
"I never worried about you actually being gone because when everyone around me left you would stay at my side...but what i am now? What i'm going to do? Now that you are the one to go and everyone around me can't confort me the way you did?"
There is no real life,from now on,we build the destiny with fantasy.
The Battle of Hogwarts ended at approximately half past five in the morning. Two and a half hours later, Percy reported for work at the Ministry. Kingsley Shacklebolt was the new interim Minister for Magic, at least until they could organize an election, and so Percy went to him and asked what he was supposed to do.
"Go home, Weasley," Shacklebolt told him, which was the last thing Percy wanted to hear.
"With all due respect, sir, don't we need all hands on deck right now?" Percy asked, clasping his own hands behind his back so Shacklebolt couldn't see how badly they were shaking.
"With all due respect, Weasley, you clearly haven't slept since the Battle, and you look about ready to pass out on me," Shacklebolt replied. "Go home. Get some rest. Grieve with your family. Everyone who fought at Hogwarts is getting a week of vacation time anyway."
"You fought at Hogwarts," Percy countered. "Sir."
Shacklebolt's lips twitched, like he might smile. Percy couldn't imagine smiling right now. "I did, but someone has to keep things moving. I can do that well enough on my own. You can relax."
"Sir-"
"I don't want to make this an order, Weasley, but I will," Shacklebolt warned. "Go home and get some rest. You don't have to take the full week if you don't want to, but at least take a few days."
The last thing Percy wanted was a few days alone with his thoughts, but he nodded jerkily. "Yes, Minister."
It felt as if everyone was staring at him as he left, although Percy knew they weren't. He kept his head down and ignored everyone around him until he left the Ministry, and then he only spared his surroundings a brief look to make sure he was alright to Apparate home. He was, so he did, and he immediately regretted it.
Percy had spent the first hour or so after the Battle at Hogwarts with all the others, mourning and celebrating together. He talked with Aberforth, caught up a bit with Oliver Wood, and used his skills with household charms to begin cleaning up the castle. He spent some time with his family, but not much. He was still an outsider there, still didn't quite fit, so he didn't try to force it. They'd all be happier if he stayed away, and so he did.
When people finally began to leave Hogwarts, Percy did as well, returning to his flat. He took off his filthy robes and burned them, knowing he could never wear them again without remembering everything that had happened, then he showered for over half an hour, rubbing his skin red and raw. After that, he made himself a cup of tea, looked around his horribly empty flat, and Apparated to the Ministry to escape it.
And now he was back in the too-quiet flat he'd tried to leave, and it was no better than it had been before.
For a moment, no longer than a heartbeat, Percy considered Apparating to the Burrow. It wouldn't be empty there, he knew, but that was part of the problem. His family would be there, but they wouldn't want him to be. It would be better for everyone if he stayed away. Instead, he turned on the spot and Apparated to the Hog's Head. Aberforth would probably have something for him to do, and if not, Percy would head up to Hogwarts and continue helping with the cleaning there. He'd find something to keep himself busy. He had to.
The Hog's Head was quiet, so quiet Percy thought at first that it was empty. After a moment, though, Aberforth came down the stairs, a frown on his face.
"Weasley? What the hell are you doing here?"
"Do you have anything for me to do?" Percy asked. "The Minister told me to go home."
Aberforth's frown deepened. "Then why aren't you there?"
"I need something to do," Percy replied, hoping Aberforth wouldn't make him explain more. "Can I help out here? Do you have cleaning that needs to be done?"
Aberforth studied him for a moment, then shrugged."The bar always needs cleaning. You eaten anything yet?"
"Just a cup of tea."
Aberforth nodded and disappeared upstairs again. Percy supposed that meant he could clean, so he got to it. Aberforth was right, the bar always needed to be cleaned, so Percy conjured up some supplies and began to scrub, relishing the physical labor. He'd nearly finished when Aberforth came down with two plates of food.
"Eat," Aberforth said, putting one in front of Percy.
Percy looked absently down at the plate, then went back to scrubbing a particularly stubborn stain. "I'm not that hungry."
"Eat," Aberforth repeated, pushing the plate towards Percy.
Percy considered being stubborn himself and ignoring the plate a little longer, but he really wasn't in the mood for a fight. "Fine."
Upon eating his first bite, Percy found that he was actually far more hungry than he'd thought. He finished his breakfast in record time, then sipped at the cup of tea Aberforth placed in front of him. Aberforth waited for him to finish, then he asked, "Why'd you come here?"
"What?" Percy asked, looking up from his empty cup.
"You said the Minister told you to go home," Aberforth said. "Why'd you come here?"
Percy flinched, just a little. "I can go, if you-"
"Didn't ask you to go," Aberforth grunted. "Asked why you came."
"My flat is too empty," Percy said quietly. "I don't want to be alone."
The natural follow-up, of course, was to ask why Percy hadn't gone to the Burrow, to his home, and spent this time with his grieving family. Aberforth didn't ask, however, and for that, Percy was grateful. He knew his family didn't want to see him, but that didn't mean he wanted to talk about it.
"Stay as long as you want, then," Aberforth said, collecting the empty plates and mugs. "The pub isn't open today, but I'll stick around."
"I wouldn't want to impose-"
"You're not imposing," Aberforth grunted. "You can sleep upstairs, if you want. Pick any room, they're all empty."
"I can pay for a room," Percy said quickly.
"You're cleaning, that's enough payment," Aberforth replied. "You'll probably need to clean the room before you sleep in it."
Percy shot a quick glance at the stairs, then looked away. He was tired - he'd been awake for over twenty-four hours, after all - but he didn't think he'd be able to sleep. He wasn't sure he could ever sleep again. How could he sleep, after all he'd seen?
"What are you going to do?"
Aberforth shrugged. "Sleep, maybe. Clean up the mess in the back room that everyone traipsing through my bar made. Dunno."
Percy looked down at his hands. "Are you sure I'm not imposing? I could go up to Hogwarts instead. I'm sure they need help up there."
"How would giving me free labor be imposing?" Aberforth retorted. "You can stay or go, whatever you want. Either is fine with me."
Percy nodded slowly. "Thank you. For breakfast. And…"
Aberforth grunted, then he went back upstairs with their plates and mugs. Percy went back to scrubbing the bar. It was fairly mindless work, but he needed that. He needed something where he didn't have to think, where he could just let his mind be empty. Later, perhaps, he'd need jobs that filled up his mind so much he didn't have room to think about anything else, but not yet. He needed not to think at all.
Percy bent over the bar, and he kept on scrubbing.
It wasn't until the next day that Percy saw anyone else from the Battle. He wasn't actively avoiding people, but he certainly wasn't seeking them out either. Aberforth, he could trust not to bring up topics he didn't want to discuss, but other people would want to talk about what happened, or they'd ask him about his family, or they'd want to know what made him change his mind, and Percy absolutely couldn't have any of those conversations. The longer he could put them off, the better.
And then, midday on the day after the Battle, Minerva McGonagall walked into the Hog's Head.
"Professor," Percy choked out. "D-Do you need something?"
McGonagall did a double take. "Mr. Weasley? What are you doing here?"
"He's been helping me clean up the place," Aberforth said, striding out of the back room. "What are you here for, Minerva?"
McGonagall looked at Percy for another moment, then looked over at Aberforth. "I'm here to tell you, and Mr. Weasley, I suppose, that we're going to have a memorial service at Hogwarts tomorrow. To honor everyone who fell in the Battle. You don't have to come, of course, but everyone who fought is invited."
"When tomorrow?" Aberforth grunted.
"Noon."
Aberforth grunted again. "We'll think about it."
McGonagall's eyes were on Percy again, her brow slightly furrowed. He went back to washing glasses and tried to ignore it.
"You need anything else?" Aberforth asked.
McGonagall seemed to snap back to reality. "No. I simply wish to offer my condolences, Mr. Weasley, about-"
"Thank you," Percy interrupted. He wasn't sure he could stand to hear his brother's name spoken aloud right now.
"Have you spoken with your family at all?" McGonagall asked cautiously.
"Minerva," Aberforth said, a note of caution in his tone.
"Of course, it's none of my business," McGonagall retracted quickly. "But if you haven't, I do think they'd like to speak with you." She was silent for a moment, perhaps waiting for a response, then she looked over to Aberforth. "I should be going. I'll see you tomorrow, if you choose to come."
Aberforth nodded, and McGonagall left the pub. Percy vaguely realized he'd been holding his breath since she asked about his family, and he forced himself to exhale slowly and inhale again.
"You alright?" Aberforth asked.
"They don't want to speak with me," Percy said. "I know they don't."
Aberforth grunted. "Do you want to see them?"
"I don't know."
"You can go whenever you want," Aberforth said. "But you can also stay here for as long as you want. Your choice."
Why are you being so kind to me? Percy wanted to ask. Don't you know what I did? Don't you know what I said to my own father? Don't you know how I treated my family? Don't you know that nothing I do will ever make up for that, and maybe I shouldn't even try?
His brother had been laughing at Percy's joke when he died, after all.
"Thank you," was all he said. "Are you planning on going to the memorial service tomorrow?"
Aberforth shrugged. "Dunno. You?"
It felt shameful and disrespectful not to, but Percy also knew his family would likely be there. "I think I'll go, but I'll stay in the back. Hopefully no one will see me."
"I'll go with you, then," Aberforth replied. "As long as we don't have to get into any conversations, it's fine with me."
"Are you sure?" Percy asked. He had the feeling Aberforth was only agreeing so Percy didn't have to go alone.
"Seems rude not to go, honestly," Aberforth admitted. "But that doesn't mean I want to talk to anyone."
"Alright," Percy agreed. He felt the same way. "So we'll just keep to ourselves."
"Maybe wear something to cover up that hair of yours," Aberforth suggested dryly. "Everyone'll want to talk to a Weasley."
"I'm not sure they'll want to talk to this one," Percy replied, but he made a mental note to bring a hat.
Aberforth hummed and went to return to the back room. Before he could make it all the way there, Percy blurted out, "Do you think Professor McGonagall will tell anyone that I'm here?"
Aberforth paused. "Don't think so," he finally replied. "Minerva tends not to interfere with that sort of thing. I think she'll let you tell people on your own terms. Course, if anyone asks where you are, I'm not sure she'll lie either."
"Should I ask her not to mention it?" Percy asked. "I can talk to her tomorrow about it."
"I'd just leave it alone," Aberforth advised. "Anyway, if anyone comes here and tries to start something with you, you can just turn them into a goat. That's what I'd do."
"I'm fairly certain that's also illegal."
"You're a war hero now, they'll let you get away with it."
Be that as it may, Percy still didn't want to turn anyone into a goat. He thought he understood what Aberforth was really saying, though. Percy could stay here, and if he needed help or support, Aberforth would provide it. He'd keep an eye out for him, and he'd make sure Percy got the space he needed.
It was more than Percy deserved. He was still glad to have it.
"Anything else you need?" Aberforth asked. "I've got to finish inventorying."
"I'm alright out here," Percy replied. "The glasses are almost all washed."
Aberforth grunted. "Make sure you take a break for lunch."
"I will," Percy promised. They'd started this arrangement when Percy began helping out at the Hog's Head occasionally during the war. Aberforth mostly let Percy do as he pleased, even when Percy was overworking himself, but he was a stickler for making sure Percy ate three meals a day. It wasn't worth fighting over, so Percy did his best to remember.
Aberforth nodded, then returned to the back room. Percy tried to go back to washing glasses, but he felt exposed. He'd known, of course, that anyone could theoretically enter the Hog's Head and see him there, but he hadn't thought anyone actually would. Seeing McGonagall had shaken him. The Hog's Head didn't feel like quite the refuge it had ten minutes ago.
Percy set down the glass he was washing and decided he'd take his lunch break early. There wouldn't be anyone upstairs, after all, so that would give him privacy. As for the future…
Well, the next time someone entered the Hog's Head, he'd just keep his mouth shut.
At noon the next day, wearing a hat and a set of ink-black mourning robes, Percy went with Aberforth to the memorial service for those lost during the Battle of Hogwarts. The crowd was large enough that he could disappear, especially with his distinctive red hair covered. Percy found a seat in the back and claimed it, and Aberforth sat down next to him.
"Feels like Albus's funeral all over again," Aberforth grunted.
The last time there had been a funeral here, it had been for Aberforth's brother. Now, it was for Percy's.
As the clock struck twelve, McGonagall stepped up to the small podium that had been erected at the front of the crowd. "Thank you for coming, everyone," she said, her voice just loud enough to carry to the back where Percy sat. "Today, we honor those whom we lost."
McGonagall began to read off a list of names, and Percy felt his stomach twist tighter and tighter with every name she read. It lurched at the name Colin Creevey, and he remembered how he'd forged paperwork to keep the Creevey brothers from being arrested as Muggle-borns. He'd thought he'd kept Colin and Dennis safe. He'd thought it would keep them alive. Apparently, he was wrong.
Fred's name was at the very end of the list, and even though Percy had known it was coming, hearing it aloud still made him feel like he'd been stabbed right through the heart. His eyes sought his family in the crowd. They weren't hard to find; the whole group was sitting towards the front, a red-headed, freckled mass. Charlie was there, apparently returned from Romania for the funeral. Harry and Hermione were with them too, Harry holding Ginny's hand while Hermione held Ron's. With both of them, it made seven children, but only five were Weasleys. There should have been six.
Once, there would have been seven, but Percy didn't deserve to be there anymore.
Aberforth didn't say a word to Percy, didn't touch him, but his quiet, solid presence was a comfort nonetheless. He was there, at least. Percy didn't have to be alone. Perhaps he deserved to be alone, but he didn't have to be.
McGonagall spoke some words Percy barely heard, something about how everyone who fell would be remembered forever. She waved her wand, and a small white memorial grew out of the ground. Even from the back, Percy could see that it was covered in words, and although he couldn't make them out, he could guess what it said. The names of the fallen would be remembered, so long as they were on that memorial.
It was a cold comfort. Percy didn't want Fred to be remembered, he wanted him to be alive.
McGonagall stepped away, and Percy was starting to feel relieved at how short the service had been when Shacklebolt stepped up to the podium. He began to speak about Professor Lupin and Auror Tonks, both of whom had been killed in the Battle, and Percy realized what must be coming. People would speak about the friends and loved ones they'd lost. People would go up and share stories of them.
If anyone began to speak of Fred, Percy didn't think he'd be able to handle it. If that person was a member of his family, he knew he wouldn't be able to handle it.
"Can we leave without anyone noticing?" Percy whispered to Aberforth as Shacklebolt finished speaking and someone else, a student Percy didn't recognize, took his place. "I- I can't-"
"We could probably sneak away," Aberforth whispered back. "Do you want to?"
"If anyone goes up to talk about-" The name caught in his throat, but Aberforth could obviously tell who he meant, because he just nodded.
"Alright."
There weren't too many people who wanted to speak at first, but as the service continued, people seemed to become emboldened to share their stories. Other Hogwarts students went up to tell stories of Professor Lupin, and family members spoke about their fallen loved ones. Percy knew he should be listening to the stories, to respect the dead, but he could only sit and wait tensely for the moment when someone went up with a story about Fred Weasley. He knew it was only a matter of time.
And then a dark-skinned boy with dreadlocks stepped up to the podium, and Percy knew he had to leave before Lee Jordan even opened his mouth.
He reached blindly for Aberforth, who must have seen Percy's distress, because he was already getting up. Luckily, they were in the very back row, so Percy didn't think anyone noticed them leaving. Perhaps he was wrong, perhaps everyone saw and thought he was an awful person for leaving in the middle of a tribute to his brother, but he couldn't care about that. He had to get out.
Percy stumbled down the path back to Hogsmeade, barely aware of Aberforth at his side. He had to get out, he had to get away, he had to escape the looming shadow of Hogwarts and all he'd lost within those walls.
He didn't realize they'd reached the Hog's Head until Aberforth guided him inside, sitting him down at one of the tables. "Do you want a drink?"
"No, thank you," Percy replied, then he thought better of it and said, "Actually, do you have firewhiskey?"
"This is a pub, of course I have firewhiskey," Aberforth replied. He ducked behind the bar and came back out with a bottle and two glasses. They appeared to be clean, so they must have been from the stack that Percy had washed the day before. Aberforth set one glass down in front of Percy and put the other in front of his own seat, then he opened the bottle of firewhiskey and poured them each a generous slug.
"Do you want to talk?" Aberforth asked.
Percy knocked back his drink, then reached for the bottle to pour himself more. "I was there, when he died," he said, staring into the glass instead of looking up at Aberforth. "I distracted him. I… I told a joke, and Fred was laughing, and then…"
He couldn't quite remember it, which made it even worse. There had been an explosion, and then everything was fuzzy for a few moments, until he realized he was next to his brother's body. He had a vague memory of Harry helping him hide Fred's body, and then he remembered the pure rage he'd felt when he saw Rookwood, the one who'd killed his brother, going after other students to add to his death toll.
Percy dueled Rookwood until he fell. He wasn't sure if Rookwood survived the Battle. He didn't care.
"I know it doesn't help to hear it," Aberforth said, "but it wasn't your fault."
"You're right," Percy said, "it doesn't."
After all, it didn't make Fred any less dead.
He'd carried the body to the Great Hall, when the Battle paused. He'd been one of the only people who knew where it was hidden, and he was the only one available, so he'd gone back to the suit of armor and retrieved his brother's body. It had almost been like Fred was sleeping, except Fred had never been so still in his life, not even in sleep. Percy remembered wishing, back when they were younger, that Fred would stop constantly moving, wishing that he could just stay still and shut up.
His stomach lurched. He swallowed his second glass of firewhiskey.
"Does it ever stop hurting?" he asked, looking down into his empty glass.
"It was different for me," Aberforth said, knowing immediately what Percy meant. "I hadn't spoken much with Albus for years."
"I haven't spoken much to my family for years either," Percy said wryly.
Aberforth snorted. "The last time I really sat down and had a talk about something important with Albus was probably before you were even born. My brother and I were never close. If we weren't related, I don't think we ever would have spent much time together. When he died…" Aberforth shrugged. "It still hurts sometimes. I'll think of something to tell him, then remember I can't. But it doesn't hurt too badly, most of the time."
Percy twirled his glass between his hands. He couldn't imagine this pain ever stopping.
"I had a sister too," Aberforth said quietly, after a few long moments of silence. "Ariana. She died when we were both kids. That one still hurts every day."
"I didn't know."
Aberforth downed his firewhiskey. "Don't talk about her much. She died when she was fourteen."
Percy didn't ask how she died. The last thing he wanted to do was tell someone how Fred had died, so he couldn't imagine Aberforth wanted to tell him what had happened to his sister. Instead, he poured new glasses of firewhiskey for both himself and Aberforth. He held out his glass, and Aberforth, looking bemused, did the same.
"To being left behind," Percy said, tapping his glass against Aberforth's.
"I'll drink to that," Aberforth replied, and they did.
Percy was in the back room when the next visitor came to the Hog's Head, and he was incredibly grateful for that when Aberforth's gruff, "What do you want?" was answered by a familiar voice saying, "Have you seen my brother?"
Bill, Percy thought, and he wasn't sure if he was happy to hear his brother's voice or about to be sick all over Aberforth's inventory notes.
"Which one?" Aberforth asked.
"I think you know which one," Bill said, his voice a bit sharp. "Have you seen Percy?"
"What's it to you?" Aberforth demanded. Percy could practically see the way he'd be crossing his arms over his chest.
"He's my brother," Bill said, and for a heartbeat, Percy could hear anguish in his voice. "Look, can you just… Are you going to tell me if you've seen him or not?"
And Percy could picture Bill too, the way he'd rake his fingers through his overlong hair in frustration. He had scars now, Percy reminded himself, altering his mental image to include them. He'd only briefly seen them in person, but he knew they were there.
"If your brother wants to see you, he'll find you," Aberforth said. Of course, he was entirely aware that Percy was in the back room, and Percy could hear the invitation in his words. If he wanted to see Bill, he ought to go out now.
Which was all well and good, of course, but Percy couldn't move.
"Will you tell him I'm looking for him?" Bill asked, sounding helpless. "If you see him, that is? Tell him that Mum wants him to come home."
Percy was shaking. He still couldn't move. It was strange, he thought, that his body could move without his volition, but it couldn't do anything he asked.
"I'll let him know," Aberforth agreed. "Now, are you going to buy something, or are you going to leave?"
Percy heard the sound of footsteps and the door opening, then Bill said, "Tell him we just want him back, okay? Everything that happened before… It doesn't matter anymore. We just want him to come home."
"I'll tell him if I see him," Aberforth said, and then there was the sound of the door closing behind Bill, and the pub was silent again.
Aberforth knocked on the door to the back room, but he didn't enter. "Did you hear all that?"
"Yes," Percy choked out.
"Do you need help with the inventory in there?"
Percy could hear the question Aberforth was really asking. Do you want me to come in, or do you want to be alone?
"No," Percy said. He felt as though he ought to say more, to explain himself, but the words caught in his throat.
"Alright," Aberforth agreed. "Tell me if you do."
He walked off, and Percy bent over the stack of crates he was supposed to be inventorying, trying his best to breathe. His family wanted him back. Bill did, at least, and he said Mum did as well. He hadn't mentioned anyone else, but he'd said we…
He'd also said that everything that happened before didn't matter. Percy wasn't sure that he agreed.
He wasn't ready to go home yet. He wasn't ready to face his family. If he could send them a note to let them know he was alright… But they'd try to find him if he did, and he didn't want them to find him. The fact that Bill had known to go to Aberforth was bad enough. What if someone else came, at a time when Percy wasn't in the back room? And once he went back to work, Percy knew he ran the risk of running into his father, or perhaps other Order members who would pass word on to his family. If he wanted privacy, he didn't know how much longer he could keep it.
He'd face his family eventually. Someday, he'd feel up to it, wouldn't he? This strange, sick feeling in his stomach couldn't last forever. He just had to work through it.
He remembered what Aberforth had said about his family on Boxing Day, after hearing Percy drunkenly ramble about his family the night before. Families can love you and still hurt you. Of course you miss them. They're family. Doesn't mean they shouldn't be better to you.
Right now, after all they'd lost… It wasn't the time to work through things with his family. Percy wasn't even quite sure how to work through things, or if he really wanted to do it. Regardless, he knew it wasn't the time. He had some time to figure things out. He'd take it.
And if another member of his family came… Well, he'd cross that bridge when he came to it.
"What's your plan with work?" Aberforth asked, at lunch on the sixth day after the Battle. "Shacklebolt gave you a week off, didn't he?"
He had, and that week was nearly up. Percy had originally dreaded the idea of taking a week off at all, but now, he wasn't sure he wanted to go back to the Ministry. There would be people there, people who knew about his brother, people who knew his family, people who would pity him. Percy could practically feel it already, the choking thickness of other people's sympathy, sympathy he didn't deserve. He'd have to face that at the Ministry. He'd also have to face it anywhere outside the the Hog's Head, so perhaps he ought to get used to it now.
He didn't necessarily need to go back yet. Shacklebolt would give him more time off if he asked, Percy was fairly certain. He hadn't decided yet if he would.
"I haven't made a plan yet," Percy admitted quietly. "I'm not sure what to do next."
"You can stay here as long as you like," Aberforth grunted. "Pub's never been this clean before."
"This is certainly a more relaxing job than working at the Ministry," Percy agreed.
And then, as if the universe specifically wanted to spite him, the door to the pub opened and Harry Potter stepped inside.
Percy froze, wishing he could hide. It was too late, though; Harry had already seen him. His eyes widened, and his gaze flickered from Percy to Aberforth.
"I- I didn't mean to interrupt anything," Harry stammered. "I just…"
Whatever he was just there to do, Harry trailed off instead of saying it. He looked at Percy again, clearly confused.
"Potter," Aberforth said, just before Harry could open his mouth. "Do you need something?"
Harry looked over at Aberforth. "I wanted to thank you," he said. "For using your bar as a pass-through during the Battle. And for fighting with us. And for saving me and Ron and Hermione. And for… everything, really."
"Going around with a speech for everyone?" Aberforth asked dryly.
"I haven't seen you around," Harry said. "I've already thanked most of the others. I… I thought I might see you at the castle, but I haven't, so I came down here." His gaze flickered over to Percy again. "Do you two… Percy, what are you doing here? Your family is looking for you."
"I'm aware," Percy said. His voice sounded stiff and awkward, and a bit overly-pompous. He didn't know how to stop that.
"Oh." Harry looked a little lost. "Are you… Do they know you're here?"
"No, and I'd rather they didn't."
Harry looked confused and a bit crestfallen. "They're looking for you," he repeated. "I thought you worked things out, back before…"
For a moment, Percy was furious. Who was Harry to interfere with matters in his family? Harry wasn't a Weasley. He thought everything was his responsibility, he thought everything was something he could fix, he…
He was just a boy, and he wasn't doing anything wrong. The anger left Percy as quickly as it had arrived. Harry wanted to help. Percy couldn't fault him for that.
"I think we all have things to work through, before we work through that," Percy said stiffly. "We all need some time."
"I think your mum would like to see you," Harry said. "But… I won't tell anyone I saw you, if you don't want me to." At Percy's surprised look, he added, "I've been trying to find a place to have a moment of peace since the Battle ended. I haven't found one yet. If you've got one, I'm not going to take it from you."
"You can come here sometimes, if you'd like," Percy offered automatically. At first, he wasn't sure that he really meant it, then he took a closer look at Harry and noticed the bags beneath his eyes, the way his shoulders slumped just slightly. Percy had never been Harry's biggest fan, but part of that had been because he always saw Harry not as a savior but as a boy. Right now, Harry was a boy who was still only barely of age and desperately needed some rest. Percy wasn't sure they'd ever be friends, but he could give Harry that much.
"It's not your bar to invite people to," Aberforth grumbled, but Percy knew he didn't mean it. Sure enough, he turned to Harry and added, "But I suppose you can come around, if you want."
"I… I might do that," Harry said slowly. "Thank you."
"Do you want a drink?" Percy asked, holding up his bottle of butterbeer. "Or something stronger?"
"I should probably get back to the castle," Harry said, a bit ruefully. "Maybe next time."
Aberforth raised his own bottle in an obvious salute, and Harry ducked his head a bit as he left the bar. He looked young, painfully young. Percy wasn't all that much older, but in the moment, he felt ancient.
"You still want to stick around?" Aberforth asked as the door closed behind Harry. Percy knew what he was really asking.
Your family is looking for you. Do you want to go home?
"I'm not sure," Percy said honestly. "I'll decide tomorrow, I suppose."
Aberforth grunted. "Pub's open to you as long as you want."
"Thank you," Percy said, looking down at his bottle of butterbeer. He picked it up and played with it between his hands, twirling it back and forth. "Families are difficult."
Aberforth huffed out a laugh and raised his bottle of butterbeer once more. "I'll drink to that."
When Percy went back to the Ministry, he wasn't sure if he would be staying or not until he reached his desk, sat down, and immediately knew he had to leave. He stood back up, feeling a little wobbly, and walked up to the Minister's office and knocked on the door.
He told the fear washing over him that it was unnecessary, that Shacklebolt sat behind that door now. The fear didn't listen.
"Come in," Shacklebolt called. Percy stepped through the door. "Ah, Weasley," Shacklebolt said, looking up. An expression of concern crossed over his face. "Are you alright?"
"I can't stay here, sir," Percy said, proud that his voice remained even and almost outwardly calm. "I'm requesting a leave of absence. I… I don't know how long it'll be, but-"
"It's alright, Weasley," Shacklebolt said in his slow, calming voice. "You're not the only person taking an indefinite leave right now. When you're ready to come back, tell me."
"I will," Percy promised.
"And if you decide you're not coming back at all, let me know that as well," Shacklebolt added. "I wouldn't blame you if that's what you decided. You wouldn't be the only one to quit either."
"Yes, sir."
Shacklebolt's eyes narrowed slightly. "Are you alright? Do you need anything? We're trying to set up a support network for survivors of the Battle."
The word survivors made Percy's gut lurch. "I'm alright, sir," he said, hoping Shacklebolt couldn't see the way he suddenly felt like he might throw up. "I- I don't need anything."
"Your family-"
Percy should have been expecting Shacklebolt to mention his family, but somehow, it caught him off guard. "I know, sir," he said, cutting off whatever Shacklebolt had meant to say. He expected it would be something about how his family missed him, or how they could come together to grieve, or how they could all support each other. Whatever it was, Percy didn't want to hear it.
"Can I leave, sir?" he asked before Shacklebolt could say anything else.
"Of course," Shacklebolt replied gently. "I wish you the best, Weasley."
"Thank you, sir."
Percy left the Minister's office, gathered a few things from his desk, and left the Ministry. He felt like people were staring at him, just like it had a week ago, right after the Battle. This time, he cared less. He still kept his head down until he was out.
If he'd waited only a few more minutes, he would have run into his father, coming in to speak with Shacklebolt. He didn't know that, but if he had, he would have left even quicker.
Percy didn't go to his flat this time, but straight to the Hog's Head. Aberforth was in the back room, but he came out when he heard Percy enter.
"Can I work here?"
"For as long as you want," Aberforth agreed.
Percy nodded, then he grabbed a dishcloth and got to work.
Percy was tidying up behind the bar when Harry came in next, slinking in the door like he was trying to hide. He didn't look like someone who wanted to be spoken to, so Percy kept his mouth shut.
After a few minutes, Harry came up to the bar, still tentative. "Are you working here?"
"I am," Percy replied. "Do you want a drink?"
"Er, butterbeer?"
Percy pulled out a bottle of butterbeer. "Do you want a glass, or will you just drink it out of the bottle?"
"Are the glasses clean?" Harry asked.
"I've cleaned them all."
"Then I'll take a glass, thanks."
Percy took out a glass and filled it with butterbeer, tilting the glass and twisting the bottle the way Aberforth had showed him to get just the right amount of foam at the top. Harry watched him silently. When Percy set it down in front of him, Harry wrapped both hands around it, but made no move to drink.
"Are Ron and Hermione well?" Percy asked after a moment.
"Yeah," Harry said, seemingly grateful for the conversation starter. "I mean, they're as well as they can be, given the circumstances. They're not hurt, if that's what you're asking. And, er, no one else in you family is hurt either."
Percy nodded, not quite sure what else to say. He didn't want to talk about his family, especially not with Harry. He didn't begrudge Harry his closeness with them, but nor did he want to hear about it.
"Could I ask you something?" Percy asked, when the silence grew too much to bear.
Harry looked a bit wary. "What is it?"
"In early September, a few people broke into the Ministry and helped a group of Muggle-borns escape," Percy said. "It wasn't planned by the Order. Was it you?"
"Yeah," Harry said, nodding and looking a bit relieved by the question. Percy supposed it was probably simpler than many of the questions people were asking Harry nowadays. "It was me and Ron and Hermione. Breaking out Muggle-borns wasn't the plan, but it worked out."
Percy nodded. He'd wondered about that ever since Aberforth told him the Order hadn't planned that attack. It had been part of what pushed him to work with the Order himself, and he'd wanted to know if his suspicions about who was behind it were correct.
"D'you mind if I ask you a question?" Harry asked.
"What is it?" Percy replied, hoping it wouldn't be anything about his family.
"How do you know Aberforth?"
That was a marginally simpler question than what he'd been expecting. "I passed information to him from the Ministry so he could pass it on to the Order."
Harry's eyes widened behind his glasses. "I didn't know you were a spy."
"No one did," Percy replied. "Aberforth was the only person who knew."
"Why didn't you tell anyone?"
"The more people who knew, the more danger I was in," Percy replied. "If the Ministry found out, I would have been imprisoned. If I were lucky, that is."
That was part of the reason, after all. Percy didn't want to lie to Harry, but nor did he want to share with him the full truth.
"Right," Harry said, looking down at his glass. "What sort of information did you pass on?"
"Anything I could," Percy replied. "I… was in a position where I had access to a great deal of high-ranking people and their information. They all saw me as fairly invisible, so many of them spoke freely around me." He hesitated, then added, "I also forged family documents for Muggle-borns."
"What does that mean?" Harry asked, frowning slightly in confusion.
"The Ministry declared that magic was either inherited or stolen," Percy said, feeling vaguely ill even as he said the words. "Muggle-borns were deemed thieves, but if they had a magical relative, then it meant they'd inherited their magic. So I forged documents linking Muggle-borns to wizarding families, or sometimes forged paperwork to make a grandparent out as a witch or wizard."
"How did you keep it a secret?" Harry asked. "Wouldn't someone notice?"
"The records from the 1940s are a mess," Percy replied. "There was war in our world and the Muggle one, and there were refugees coming to Britain from all over, and a great deal of them were never properly documented. It was simple to adjust old records or add new ones."
"And no one knows about that either?" Harry asked.
"No one but Aberforth."
"You could tell people now," Harry suggested. "The war is over. You don't have to worry about being found out."
Yes, Percy thought, but who would believe me?
That was his main concern when it came to telling people about what he'd done during the war, after all. He'd helped, but he'd kept his head down as he did it, and no one had known what he was doing. If he came forward now, who would believe him? Given what he'd done before, who would have any reason to?
"Perhaps," was all he said aloud. "Is something wrong with your butterbeer?"
"Oh, yeah, right." Harry lifted the butterbeer to his lips and took a sip. "I'm not really that thirsty," he admitted as he set it back down. "I just figured I should order something."
"You don't have to," Percy replied. He doubted Aberforth would argue. "It's not like we're particularly crowded at the moment."
Harry looked around the empty pub. "Yeah, I guess."
Percy hesitated, then went back to his cleaning. He felt like he ought to say something more to Harry, but he didn't know what.
"Do you mind if I stay for a while?" Harry asked. "It's just- It's quiet here, and there's no where else where I can have some time alone."
"Stay as long as you like," Percy replied. "Aberforth will probably come out with food in an hour or so, if you want to stay that long."
"I don't need food," Harry dismissed quickly.
Percy snorted. "Try telling Aberforth that. He places a great deal of importance on three solid meals a day."
Harry blinked. "Oh."
"I have work to do in the back room," Percy said, looking down at the bar. "Do you mind-"
"Oh, no, go ahead," Harry replied quickly. "I'm gonna go sit down at a table, if that's okay."
"Sit wherever you want," Percy replied, and then he ducked into the back room and closed his eyes to breathe for a few moments. Harry hadn't said anything about his family, and it was fine that he was there, it was fine, but…
It had been almost a year since Percy had been able to speak to anyone but Aberforth without being very, very careful about what he said. Apparently, he wasn't quite used to speaking casually with anyone else, not anymore.
"You alright?" Aberforth asked as he entered the room with a pad of paper and a quill.
"Fine," Percy replied automatically. "Harry's here. I gave him a butterbeer."
Aberforth nodded. "Right. You comfortable with that?"
"It's fine," Percy replied. "This is a pub. People are going to come in. It's fine."
"Not that many people come in," Aberforth replied. "I think the Three Broomsticks is already picking up some customers again, but I don't think we're going to for a while longer."
"Will that be a problem financially?" Percy asked. He'd never really given much thought to Aberforth's finances before.
Aberforth shrugged. "I've got money. That's not a concern. I prefer the pub quiet anyway."
Not for the first time, Percy wondered why Aberforth even ran a pub when he seemed to dislike interacting with most people so much. Then again, Percy wasn't always a fan of interacting with people, and he'd started more or less working at the Hog's Head too.
"Potter's not going to bring his friends here, is he?" Aberforth asked, frowning.
"I don't think so," Percy replied. "He said he likes the quiet here. I think he wants to spend some time alone."
Aberforth grunted. "Don't we all."
To be honest, Percy hadn't thought much about the possibility of Harry bringing friends to the Hog's Head. If he brought anyone, Percy knew he'd bring Ron and Hermione. If he brought Hermione, it would be alright. Percy would prefer that he didn't, but liked Hermione, and they'd always been cordial, if not quite friendly. If Harry brought Ron, however…
Percy very much hope Harry didn't bring Ron.
"You looking for something to do?" Aberforth asked. Percy knew the question he was really asking: did Percy want something to take his mind off of all this?
"What do you need?"
"Some of the rooms upstairs could use dusting."
Percy nodded. "I'll do it now."
The rooms did need dusting, but he knew Aberforth didn't really care about that. He appreciated the effort anyway. Perhaps it would help take his mind off of things.
It didn't, not really, but it was worth a shot.
A week passed, and then another. Percy worked at the Hog's Head, although in truth, there was very little to do; very few customers came, and he'd already cleaned the bar and the upstairs rooms. He was thinking he might give the whole pub a thorough washing next, if Aberforth didn't mind. They might have to close for a day to do it, but the pub was empty most days anyway.
Harry came occasionally. He never brought anyone else with him, to Percy's relief. Most days that he came, he just sat quietly at one of the tables. Sometimes, he would order something from the bar, but more often than not, he wouldn't. Percy wondered how much people were hounding him when he was outside the Hog's Head, that he would come to visit so often. The Hog's Head was a good refuge, though, and no one came for Harry while he was there. No one came for Percy either, not since that one time Bill came asking around. Professor McGonagall must not have told anyone he was there. Percy wondered if his family was still looking for him, but he couldn't bring himself to ask Harry about it.
Some nights, Percy went back to his flat to sleep, but most nights, he stayed at the Hog's Head instead. The room he normally stayed in was slowly growing more and more personalized the more he used it. He was starting to wonder if continuing to rent his flat even made sense anymore, but he wasn't quite ready to give it up yet. Besides, Aberforth hadn't seemed to mind him staying in the Hog's Head, but they'd have to have a conversation before Percy fully moved in.
Then again, Percy thought as he and Aberforth had their usual dinner together in Aberforth's kitchen, perhaps it wouldn't be too difficult a conversation after all, given that he was already at least halfway to moving in.
"Food's good," Aberforth grunted as he ate. Percy, who had cooked that night, nodded in acknowledgment of the compliment. "Family recipe?"
The food suddenly seemed thick in Percy's throat. "No," he said, swallowing with difficulty. "It's one of the first things I taught myself to make after I moved out."
Aberforth gave him a searching look, then sighed, putting down his fork. "Look. I'm not one to talk about feelings, but you need to."
Percy blinked. "What?"
"Your family," Aberforth elaborated. "You miss them."
Percy looked down at his food. "I do."
"Well?" Aberforth asked. "What are you going to do about it?"
"They don't want me back," Percy said quietly.
"Your brother didn't seem to think so when he came around looking for you," Aberforth countered. "And Potter said they were looking for you too. Try another excuse."
Percy's head jerked up. "It's not an excuse."
"You're afraid," Aberforth said flatly. "They hurt you. You hurt them. I won't lie to you, it's a right mess, but ignoring it won't make it any better. Besides, I thought you liked cleaning."
"I don't know how to clean this," Percy replied. "I can't- I don't know how to fix it."
"And?"
"And what?"
"There's more to it," Aberforth said. "You said you don't know how to fix it, but you could try. Why haven't you tried yet?"
"Because- Because-"
"Because?"
"Because you're right," Percy burst out. "I hurt them, and I can apologize for that, but they hurt me, and I don't know if they know it."
Aberforth looked at him with the same piercing expression his brother used to wear so often, like he could see right through you. "Why don't you tell them?"
"Because-" This was a truth that was twisted deep in Percy's chest, one that wouldn't come loose easily. None of this conversation had been easy, of course, but this… "Because I-"
Aberforth just looked at him with that searching gaze. Percy swallowed hard and forced the words out.
"Because I don't know if they'll care."
Aberforth let out a long sigh. "Did I ever tell you how I made up with Albus?"
"I didn't know you did."
"We didn't speak for years," Aberforth said. "Neither of us wanted to make the first move, I think. He was the one who did it in the end. I'd just bought the pub. He was teaching at Hogwarts. I suppose I could have bought a pub farther away, if I'd really wanted to avoid him, but I think I wanted to get it out as much as he did by that point. He came down and walked in, and I've never seen him as uncertain as he was right then."
"And what happened?" Percy asked.
Aberforth shrugged. "It had been years. Some things had mellowed, some things had festered. We didn't talk about much of anything important that first day, but he came back, and he just kept coming. It wasn't always pretty, I'll tell you that. We yelled at each other, and one time we came close to dueling. And we were both afraid that we were the only one who wanted to make things better. At least, I was, and I'm pretty sure he was too. But we talked it through, and it got better. We were never close, but we never had been. It was better than it had been before."
"So you think I should speak to my family."
"I think you should do what you think you should do," Aberforth replied. "But for myself… I'm glad I ended up speaking with Albus. I would have regretted it if I hadn't."
The unspoken context there makes Percy's stomach twist. Aberforth would have regretted it if Dumbledore died without the two of them making up. Fred died before Percy had the chance to properly patch things up with his family. He'd apologized in the Room of Requirement, he'd fought alongside his brother, but he hadn't made things right, and Fred died before he'd ever have a chance to.
The war was over now. His family should be safe. Percy didn't have to worry about them anymore. They weren't going to die.
Except people died all the time, and if he waited too long out of some misplaced confidence and was wrong…
"I'll think about it," Percy said. "I'm not ready yet, but maybe one day I will be."
Aberforth nodded once, then went back to his food. Percy had the feeling this conversation had filled his quota for emotional conversations for the rest of the year. To be honest, he felt similarly, so he went back to his food as well.
They ate in silence. Percy had a lot to think about, after all.
As it turned out, Percy didn't have the luxury of thinking on it for too long. Two days later, while Harry sat in the corner of the Hog's Head with a mostly-untouched glass of butterbeer, the doors flew open and two horribly familiar figures strode inside.
"So this is where you've been hiding," Ron said, walking directly over to Harry's table. "We've been wondering where you kept disappearing to."
"Ron insisted on tracking you down," Hermione added. "We won't tell anyone else, of course."
"You didn't need to come find me," Harry said. For an instant, he looked over the top of Ron's head and made eye contact with Percy, behind the bar. In that moment, Percy felt like he could read Harry's mind just as clearly as if he'd used Legilimency. If he left now, Harry wouldn't tell Ron he'd been there.
It was a generous offer. It was one Percy would like to take. It was one Percy couldn't take, because he couldn't move.
He didn't know why he kept freezing up like this every time he was faced with the prospect of seeing a member of his family. It was an inconvenient response, to say the least. It was especially inconvenient now, when all Ron had to do to see him was turn around. And he would turn around, Percy was certain of it. He knew his brother, and he knew what he would do. Ron would look at Harry's butterbeer, and then he'd say-
"I could use a butterbeer myself, I think. Hermione, what about you?"
Hermione didn't have a chance to respond, because with the words, Ron turned towards the bar.
The look on his face… Emotions flashed by too quickly for Percy to read, not that he wanted to read them anyway. But when Ron's face finally settled on one emotion, it was a clear one. Anger.
"What the hell are you doing here?"
"Working," Percy replied, aware that the response was short and clipped and sounded far sharper than he meant for it to sound. Honestly, though, he was surprised he'd managed to say anything at all. He still felt strangely disconnected from his body, and he still couldn't move to walk away.
"Working?" Ron repeated. "Working? You're bloody working? Where the hell were you when we buried Fred? Where the hell were you when we had the memorial at Hogwarts? Where the hell were you when Mum was crying herself to sleep every night, or when Bill went looking for you, or when Dad tried to find you at the Ministry?"
Percy tried to say something, but whatever small mercy had let him get his first response out had run dry. There was a lump in his throat, and a tightness in his chest, and no words would come out.
"Do you even care about any of us?" Ron demanded. "Or are you just here, working like you always do? Why are you even working here anyway? Tired of betraying the family at the Ministry?"
"Ron," Harry said quietly. "Stop."
"Did you know he was here?" Ron demanded, whirling on Harry. "Did you know the whole time?"
"I've known since a week after the Battle," Harry said. "He asked me not to tell anyone."
"You've seen how my mum is-" Ron began, clearly furious, but Hermione put a hand on his shoulder.
"Ron, don't."
Ron shrugged off the hand and turned back to Percy. "Aren't you going to say anything? You've been hiding for weeks. The least you could do is tell me why."
And Percy would, perhaps, if he could force the words out. He didn't know what he would say, but he would say something, because clearly that would be better than saying nothing. Ron was furious. If Percy found the right words, maybe he could make that better.
But every word he could think of, whether it was right or not, was stuck in his throat.
"What's going on out here?" Aberforth demanded, coming in from the back room. "What's all this yelling in my pub about?"
"Bill asked you if you knew where Percy was!" Ron yelled. "He said he even checked the Hog's Head, and he couldn't find Percy anywhere. He was here the whole time!"
With one gaze, Aberforth seemed to assess the situation. To be fair, it wasn't difficult to assess, with Ron red-faced and yelling while Percy stood frozen behind the bar. Luckily, Aberforth also seemed to know what to do.
"Right. Weasley, if you want to yell at your brother, do it somewhere else. You're not harassing my employees right in front of me. This is a pub. Either buy something or get out."
That was, in Percy's experience, not exactly Aberforth's usual business model. Harry was enough evidence of that. He knew why Aberforth was saying it. He didn't know if he was grateful or not.
He still couldn't speak.
For a moment, it looked like Ron would keep yelling, then he huffed out an angry breath and turned away. "Fine. I'm leaving."
Hermione shot Harry a helpless look, then followed Ron to the door. Harry sighed and got up as well, and they were all almost out of the pub when Percy suddenly found his voice again.
"Wait."
All three of them turned back, but Percy was only looking at Ron. They'd never been especially close, but suddenly, all Percy could think of was when Ron was little, old enough that he wasn't as helpless a baby as Ginny but young enough that he couldn't be left unattended. Percy, four years older and eternally as responsible as someone twice his age, had helped Molly take care of Ron in those days, watching over his little brother and keeping him safe. That closeness hadn't lasted long - Ron had grown to prefer spending time with Fred and George instead - but that didn't mean Percy had forgotten it. Perhaps Ron had, but Percy still remembered the feeling of Ron's chubby little hand in his, the way Ron would laugh when he saw butterflies in the garden.
Ron was his little brother. Ron was family. Percy desperately missed his family.
"Do you actually want me to come back?" Percy asked, his voice uneven. "Does Mum- Does Dad-"
"Mum always wanted you to come back," Ron replied. "Dad went to the Ministry to find out where the hell you were. Bill searched everywhere for you. Charlie wrote to all your friends to see if they had any idea where you might be."
Slowly, Percy stepped out from behind the bar. "If I came home, would that be alright?"
Ron rolled his eyes, but Percy was pretty sure it was just for show. "Yes, you prat. What part of what I just said did you not understand?"
"Ron, be nice to your brother," Hermione scolded under her breath.
Harry looked at Percy, a question in his eyes. Percy inclined his head just barely in the smallest of nods.
"You two should go back," Harry said quietly. "Hermione and I can give you some space."
Ron frowned slightly, then he nodded. "Alright. Perce, you coming?"
Both Ron and Percy could Apparate on their own, but Percy still let Ron take his hand as they turned on the spot and left for the Burrow.
It looked the same as ever, tall and homey and leaning ever so slightly to the side. Ron didn't let go of Percy's hand as he started walking to the kitchen door.
"Mum! Guess who I found!"
The door opened before they reached it, and Percy watched as his mother caught sight of him. Her hands flew to her mouth, and for a horrible moment, Percy thought he'd made his mother upset again. But she looked happy, even if her eyes glittered with tears. Percy couldn't blame her for crying. His eyes weren't exactly dry either.
"Percy. You're home."
Percy's throat had closed up again, and no words would come, but this time, it didn't matter. His mother crossed the yard to him and pulled him into her arms, and they didn't need any words at all.
clay’s laughing, genuinely, and apollo thinks he’s done something wrong.

“your face is just funny sometimes,” he says, “especially when you get frustrated.”

“is that so?” apollo replies, trying to remain unfazed. he fails, and they’re both laughing now.

“this is why i love you. you don’t get offended when i say your face is funny.”

“you’re lucky i love you, doofus.”

they sit in a comfortable silence for a while before clay speaks up again.

“promise you won’t forget about me when I’m in space, pollo?”

“how could i ever forget you, clay terran?”

he simply smiles in response.
“You’re doing good, sweetheart,” Curtis encourages, mouthing along your neck and skirting his fingers up the inside of your thigh. “What’s that one?” he asks.
“That’s the uh-s-spark plug,” you stammer, rising on your tiptoes as he rubs two fingers over your clothed core, sending a wave of heat up your spine.
You’ve been at this for about 45 minutes, Curtis slowly walking you through the key components under the hood and rewarding you for each right answer. After the rude customer earlier in the week who berated you for your lack of knowledge, you were eager to learn.
Curtis had come in from the garage to catch the tail end of the man’s rant. You were nearly in tears, only holding them back because you didn’t want to embarrass yourself further. All it took was one look at your face for Curtis to toss the man from the store. He promised to get you up to speed and while you hadn’t expected him to teach you quite like this, you weren’t complaining.
Normally, when he showed up at the front desk with clean hands, not a speck of dirt or grease under his nails, you knew what he wanted. It was pavlovian, the way you’d press your thighs together and you’d ache for him. But today he’d simply walked you out to the deserted garage and popped the hood on an old Honda Civic.
“Mmhmm. What’s next to them?” Curtis prods.
“Cylinder head,” you moan, twitching in his arms when he draws aside your underwear and finally touches where you’ve been aching for him the most. The slow build-up from featherlight kisses on your shoulders and soft touches on your arm and side to this has been exquisite but it’s getting harder to concentrate.
“Keep going,” he instructs, sliding a finger inside and stroking your velvety walls.
“Um, water pump,” you guess, eyes falling closed when he works your clit with his thumb.
“No, that’s the steering pump,” he says, withdrawing his finger, making you whine in frustration. “You’ll get it,” he soothes, running a hand down your back. “But only good girls who answer correctly get to come.”
“Curtis, please,” you beg, looking at him over your shoulder with pleading eyes. “It hurts.”
His face softens and he grasps your chin, holding you in place so he can kiss you sweetly.
“You did good today,” he says, smiling at you. “What do you want, sweet girl? My mouth or my cock?” When you part your lips to speak he taps them with a smirk. “You have to pick one.”
“Your cock,” you say shyly, face heating up at the way his eyes flutter closed and he groans, grinding into you from behind.
“God, I love hearing sinful words coming from that mouth,” he praises, pulling you back and slamming the hood of the car down. He helps you step out of your underwear, stuffing them into his work overalls. “Up you go,” he encourages, scooting your bottom until you’re perched at the edge of the car, legs dangling off.
Curtis flips your dress up and grasps your thighs, spreading them apart. The metal of the car is cool against your skin but his heated stare sends a current of warmth through your body. He licks his lips, a considering expression on his face before dropping to his knees, pressing his face to your cunt.
“Can’t resist a taste,” he says, looking up at you through his eyelashes.
His large hands cup your hips, holding you in place while he thoroughly explores your wet folds. It’s obscene, the sounds he makes while he eats you out, tongue spearing into your core. His thumb lifts the hood of your clit to rub it gently. You squirm and gasp, wishing for once he had longer hair to hold on to.
You’re just about to reach the peak when he pulls back, breathing heavily.
“Promised you my cock, pretty girl,” he says, rising to his feet.
He shoves his overalls down, thick cock springing free. You grasp him gently, running your thumb over the head to collect the precum that glistens in the low light of the garage. Curtis watches with lust-blown eyes when you bring your thumb to your mouth and suck it clean.
“Just wanted a taste,” you tease, jumping when he growls and steps forward to capture your mouth in a demanding kiss.
“My beautiful, smart girl,” he murmurs, pulling back just enough to look you in the eye before he sinks slowly into your wet heat.
The sound he makes in his chest is low and vulnerable, eyes closing, feeling you flex around him. You let him set the pace, one large hand curled around your neck while the other grasps your hip, keeping you still as he works himself in and out of you. He builds to a rhythm that has you gasping and begging him for more, an expert at playing your body even after such a short time together.
“You like that?” He asks, breathless. “God, you take me so good. That cunt was made for me.”
You murmur your agreement, throwing your arms over his shoulder to pull him close. You run your lips over the shell of his ear and his rhythm falters, a low moan rattling in his chest. When you do it again he fucks you harder, almost desperately.
“Gonna come in that sweet cunt, fill you up until you’re leaking me. You want that?”
“Yes,” you gasp, lifting your hips to meet his as you fall over the edge with a breathy moan.
Curtis keeps his pace, fucking you throught the haze of pleasure.
“Want you to come for me, Curtis,” you whisper, tugging at his earlobe with your teeth.
“Fuck,” he gasps, stilling.
You can feel him pulsing inside you, his body trembling all over with the power of his release.
“Fuck,” he shudders, pressing his forhead to yours as he triest to catch his breath. “You did so good, honey,” he praises, kissing your sweaty brow.
He helps you down, tugging at your sundress. You can feel him, leaking down your thigh and it makes you squirm and duck your head. You don’t understand how he can do such dirty things to you but still make you feel so good and cared for.
“Alright?” He asks with a frown, grasping your hand. “You got that little crease in your brow.”
“I’m good,” you tell him, pressing your lips to his. “Just wondering if we can do this again tomorrow. It was helpful.”
“I’m dedicated to your education,” he tells you, caging you against the car with his arms. He lowers his head to your level, mouth hovering inches from yours. “Willing to work at it until you’re an A plus student.”
You shiver at the dark look in his blue eyes.
“Ready to earn some extra credit?”
“Just a few more shots without the jacket and we’re done.” Lio always hates working with this photographer. Every shoot is so exhausting, and with the monotony of styles he’s been sporting for the past few seasons it's been harder to justify keeping his agent. But they’re always a hit, and he makes off with more cash than he ever knows what to do with.
They’ve gone away with the need for schmoozing and socializing to make their way to the top. They’ve done it. Lio Fotia thought that they would be a trendsetter, breaking a number of norms by being a short model on a runway made for giants. He has to rely on talent much more than most, but somehow he still managed to make a name for himself. Fashion shows exude a palpable chill when he struts on with the last outfit, shocking audiences with a showstopping look and reminding them that the laws of design are best used when they’re broken.
Photoshoots, however, are impersonal. They’re manufactured with thousands of pictures taken only for one or two to be used and modified to hell and back. Flaws are overwritten and raw talent stops mattering. “I’m done for today. Get the direct deposit stuff from my manager.” It’s unprofessional, but Lio has never done well with schedules and priorities created by others. They’re quick to go behind a curtain and change into their streetwear before leaving. The annoyance of that call is something for future Lio to worry about. Right now, all they need is a walk.
Not that the street and any semblance of window shopping do the model any favors. If anything, it only serves as a bitter reminder of everything that’s felt so wrong about their career choice. A world composed of green and grey, monochrome, lifeless window displays. Their own picture on an advertisement for a perfume brand only reflects the world around them. They aren’t the trailblazer they set out to be. They’re nothing more than a billboard put on display to coax more sheep into slaughter. It’d be nice to set the bus stop ad on fire, but their diva phase is best left snuffed out.
Maybe a museum could inspire them. History repeats itself, but history from centuries ago doesn’t even feel like a memory at this point. They just know they need to calm down. But their eyes catch something different. A small boutique tucked away in an alley. Yelling can so obviously be heard behind the closed door, they’d almost think… But there’s no way.
Meis and Gueira honeymooned in Japan and never spoke to him again. He assumed they were happy there. Opened a… haberdashery. That was what they wanted to do. Lio had to open the door, and sure enough his college roommates were fighting (as usual) over which print worked better for their design. Oddly enough, though, their attention gravitates more towards the rest of the shop. It’s adorable. An old-fashioned refrigerator for rosé lemonade and chocolate milk, vintage armoires and sewing machines as far as the eye can see. They recall the rococo period really capturing the duo’s imagination, but they had no idea how intense that spark truly was.
“Boss!” Meis stares at Lio, frozen in shock and disbelief while Gueira doesn’t hesitate to jump over the counter and hug him tightly. The chiming noise accompanying the large array of brass accessories he wears lead to a harsh digging into Lio’s skin as the short superior quickly has a hard time breathing. “Good to… see you… too; Gueira. Can’t breathe,” It only takes that reality check to get the red head to let go, much to the model’s relief, “So… You started a costume shop?”
The immediate misnomer transforms Gueira’s joy to disappointment as Meis finally hops over the counter and chimes in. “Lolita fashion.” Meis’s movement has only gotten more slow and calculated, the guilt on Lio’s face remains illegible in fear of offending his brother. The clueless jeers connecting petticoats and jumpers to spotlights and stage plays only make Meis more exhausted every time he has to explain. “We found it in Japan, shipping is expensive. So we made our own.” It doesn’t take him long to pluck a coord off the rack that matches the model’s unique natural palette, possibly more saccharine than suited to Lio’s taste. Albeit contrasting energy does not make it a bad look.
Any other male model would be insulted from a dress being pulled off of a rack specifically for them. Implying endless jabs at things that truly don’t matter at the end of the day, but in the monochrome world that Lio has found fashion to be it’s a breath of fresh air. Meis can tell the garment is having an impact on them and looks at them in surprise as their eyes widen. “...Do you wanna try it on?” Not that there was much of any doubt. The shorter man takes it without a second thought, and Meis guides them to their changing room.
“Is lolita always this bright?”
The question isn’t all that unexpected. Lio always had an eye for these sorts of things, but they usually leaned more towards goth and punk styles. At least before the modelling world found him. “Just sweet. We have a couple of goth jumpers if--”
“No, it’s fine. Fashion these days is so boring. With all this black, everything looks the same.”
Meis blows a stray strand of hair off his face on the other side of the curtain. “You never thought black was boring before.”
“But then everyone started wearing it. Denim was the new black, and then I had to go ahead and make black the new black.” Lio huffs as they struggle with tying a bow behind their waist. “And why the fuck is it always black? Can’t anything be the new purple or the new leather jacket or something?”
It’s obvious that their problems go far beyond just the color palettes they’ve been forced to wear, and Meis can’t say he disagrees with them. As hypocritical as they figured this talk would be. Gueira comes around with a basket of barrettes to pair with the gloves and petticoat. “Hey, Boss,” He carefully slips them under the curtain. Lio picks up the small collection of accessories with a scoff. “These aren’t even the same color.”
“And? C’mon, you can pull it off!” He’s right. They can pull anything off, but they aren’t just gonna pass up any chances to push Gueira’s buttons like this. “Not without lip gloss.” The sound of running off has Lio smiling to themself in the mirror for the first time in a while. Another bow tied under their collar feels like overkill, but they’re just relieved it’s not a silk tie.
They pull the curtain back, blinking as if they need to readjust to the warm lighting rather than the warm reflection in the standing mirror. Their pager beeps uselessly in their discarded pants pocket as they close the curtain behind them. “...Where’d you get this petticoat? Spirit Halloween? It’s itchy.” Loose lips tease and complain as the beeping finally stops, grabbing a bag before looking for a camera. Before Meis gets a chance to ask or protest the offending garment, the camera is shoved into his hands. Lio strikes a typical model pose at first framed by the closed dressing room, powerful as ever but unbefitting of the princess the print tries to paint.
The duo can’t figure out a way to say it, instead opting for a reminder. “Remember the historical fashion course?”
“I thought this wasn’t a costume.”
“I still need the pose from the 70s shoot.” A slightly embarrassing memory lights just the right fire underneath the petit model, driving to Lio swallow their pride before falling into a rhythm. There’s sweetness with an attitude. Hours while away as they alternate between different coords, accessories, makeup palettes, and plushes to accent it all. The spitfire boss snaps their metaphorical canines as they slap their hands whenever any looks are best left in the trash. Before they know it, the grandfather clock sings and it’s time for them to close.
Lio clenches their teeth behind a closed mouth, slowly inhaling with closed eyes as their newfound drive is interrupted. “Already?” Gueira bites his spite towards the hour, Meis already packing up the tailoring supplies for the day. There’s a slight shake in nerves and worry, hiding behind closed fists when Lio quietly takes deep breaths. No, he can’t lose track of them again. This isn’t the end, he can come back tomorrow. He does away with the dramatics, hides his heart as much as ever. Albeit this time, at least it can finally be shown in his career. “You have a pen?”

“You requested my presence, Your Majesty?” The servant boy said, entering King Peter’s sitting chambers. His clothing was torn and tattered, the knees of his trousers were worn from the countless hours he spent on his hands and knees scrubbing the floors, a bit of soot was smeared across his cute button nose.
The boy and the King shared a birthday, both born in the castle but decades apart and both had been raised very differently. King Peter had grown up surrounded by and adorned with jewels and gold and pearls while Stiles had been brought up in grime and squalor, born to a chambermaid in the basement of the castle, born to serve.
“I did,” King Peter said, he sat sideways on his throne, his legs slung over the side of the stone arm as he sat throwing a ball made of marble up into the air and catching it again and again. The crown on his head shined with diamonds that caught the light from the nearby fireplace causing Stiles to squint suddenly.
Stiles swallowed, walking across the room toward the throne but staying back knowing he hadn’t been given permission to come any closer, his hands shaking, as they always did. He was only beckoned to King Peter’s sitting room at this hour when he needed to perform a certain chore.
King Peter turned to the side finally looking at Stiles for the first time that evening, Stiles dropped his gaze, a pout on his lips,  immediately knowing he wasn’t worthy to look into King Peter’s eyes, he knew the punishment for that all too well.
“Aren’t you forgetting something?” King Peter said, a bite to his tone.
Stiles panicked. What was he forgetting?
Oh yes.
He bowed. “May I approach, Your Majesty?”
“Hmm,” King Peter said with a smirk, going back to throwing the ball up into the air again. “I’m not sure if I should let you. Not sure if you deserve it.”
Stiles was used to this game, knowing exactly what King Peter wanted him to say. He played along as always.
“Please, Your Majesty. Allow me to get on my knees for you. I’ve been craving it all week.”
“Have you now?” King Peter chuckled. “And what is it exactly that you’ve missed?”
“Cleaning you, Your Majesty. Bathing your cock with my….um…my tongue. It’s what I’m supposed to do. It’s my job. My only purpose.” Stiles recited his lines like he was performing a play, nervous to make any mistakes.
King Peter reached down and squeezed himself through his snow colored trousers, already half-hard but beginning to throb from his servant’s filthy words. “Indeed it is.” He turned to look at the boy again.
Stiles had just turned nineteen and Peter had just celebrated his forty-first. Same day. Different lives. Different places in society. One raised in fear and servitude, the other born with a diamond encrusted spoon in his mouth, taught that he was deserving of everything and everyone. He enjoyed using his power to exploit and use other humans, he deemed them his toys. And Stiles, since the evening of his eighteenth birthday, had been his very favorite to play with.
King Peter sat the marble ball down on the arm of the throne, the bottom sanded so it stayed on flat surfaces and situated himself properly on his chair, spreading his legs, thighs thick and muscular, cock hard and heavy and straining against the fabric between them. “You may approach,” he beckoned the thin boy forward with his finger.
Stiles licked his lips heavily as he walked forward and up the three stone steps to the throne, keeping his eyes down the whole time, not wanting to anger the King. Not when he was being so gracious to him.
He smiled on the inside, seeing the King had laid out a soft carpet mat this time for his knees. The many times before when he was learning how to properly serve he was forced to kneel bare and it caused him much pain. King Peter caught Stiles’ soft expression upon noticing the mat.
“Don’t get so excited,” he scoffed. “One wrong flick of your tongue and the mat goes away for good. You don’t deserve the comfort of it, but you’re lucky I’m feeling generous this evening.”
“You’re right, I don’t deserve it. Thank you, Your Majesty.”
“Get over here,” King Peter said, fishing his cock from his pants and giving it a few strokes.
Stiles settled himself on his knees on the carpet and leaned forward. He wanted so badly to look up at King Peter as he took his cock into his mouth. Such a handsome king he was. But eye contact with the King was strictly forbidden. The King only made eye contact with the worthy and the royals, never the help. The last time he accidentally looked at him he got his face slapped so hard it left a purple bruise he sported for almost a month.
“That’s it,” King Peter sighed, his large hand engulfing almost the entire back of the boy’s head, the short buzz cut soft against his palm as the boy took him into his mouth. “This is all you’re good for isn’t it? Pathetic.”
Stiles bobbed up and down on King Peter’s cock, taking time to pull off completely and slap the head of it against his tongue three times before downing it again.
“Harlot,” the King chuckled.
The boy had been cleaning King Peter’s cock and serving him for just over a year, he had started off not knowing what to do or how to do it, which angered the King and motivated him to want to learn how to properly please him. Now he was an expert at the craft, his tiny tongue and lip tricks he’d come up with himself drove the King wild as well as his deep-throating ability that took months to get right.
Stiles had practiced in the basement on a multitude of items, bed posts, his own fingers, the occasional banana. He was hellbent on improving for the King. He wanted to make him proud.
He lived for the hope of praise that he knew he would never hear.
King Peter groaned softly, squeezing at the short hair near the nape of Stiles’ neck.
“You’re so good at that,” he sighed accidentally aloud. The King hated complimenting anyone, it was humiliating, giving thanks to someone and praising them. The world was made to serve him, thanks weren’t necessary. He needed to rope his edge back into play. “You’re pitiful, good for nothing, nothing except to serve me. Nobody is touching your cock, nobody cares about your pleasure. Only mine. You’re worthless.”
The degrading words heated Stiles’ cheeks, his own cock throbbing heavily in his slacks. He would deal with that on his own back in his own chambers.
He took the entirety of King Peter’s cock down his throat and stilled before letting back up and panting before going back to sucking him down. He pulled up to lap and suck softly on the slit, breathing warm air against the King’s reddened tip. He dribbled spit over the head, using his hand to spread the wetness down his shaft, twisting his wrist and pairing it with his mouth sucking him down once more.
The King clutched the boy’s head with both hands as he came, groaning and panting, driving his hips up from the throne fucking Stiles’ pink mouth milking himself with the servant’s tongue and lips.
Stiles swallowed all of King Peter’s come, remembering the temper he got whenever he spilt a drop. This was what he was, what he was made for, his rightful place in the world was there on his knees for the king.
The King caught his breath and his fingers became lax as he allowed Stiles up from his cock. He immediately went to work licking him and cleaning him completely, as he was taught to always do before tucking him back into his pants and staring down waiting to be addressed again.
Then, the King said something he’d never said to him before, something that took his breath away.
“Look up at me.”
Surely it was a trick. He wanted an excuse to slap him again, Stiles was sure of it. He didn’t fall for it, continuing to bow his head.
“Your majesty? Is this a test?”
King Peter chuckled, still breathing heavily.
“It’s alright. I won’t hurt you. Look up at me. I want to see your face properly.”
Stiles tentatively raised his head and eyes, bracing himself for the hit that never came. He made proper eye contact with the King for the first time. 
    Wow
  . He was even more handsome up close.
King Peter placed his hands on either of the boy’s cheeks, he winced at the touch at first but with one stroke of King Peter’s palm he became calm, trusting he wasn’t lying about not hitting him.
“It’s a shame,” King Peter said, his voice soft, almost at a whisper.
“What is, your majesty?” Tears began to form in his big brown eyes. He never thought he would be granted permission to look at his King, the man he’d been serving for so long without proper acknowledgement. It was all getting to him, emotion crashing over him like a rolling tide. A single tear streamed from his eye down his cheek to quickly be wiped away by the King’s thumb. He winced at such a delicate touch, both eyes closing and producing more tears before opening them again and looking up, his eyes shining with wetness, his bottom lip quivering, hanging onto The King’s every word.
“Such a pretty face and all for nothing,” King Peter said. “I use you out of mercy. You know that don’t you?”
Stiles’ heart clenched, never had The King spoken a kind word to him before much less complimented him in such a way. He’d never had his face commented on in his life, much less told it was beautiful. More tears fell. He leaned against one of The King’s hands holding his cheeks.
“Don’t want your subtle beauty to go to waste. It’s shameful that God made you to serve others and not to be served yourself. Subjected to sucking off your King and going back to your disgusting filthy chambers to stroke your own cock all alone and miserable, spilling your seed knowing nobody cares about how you feel. Isn’t it embarrassing? Humiliating? I would hate to be you. Luckily I was born into royalty and will never know how it feels to be so completely pathetic.”
“I hate it, Your Majesty,” Stiles said, his eyes shining. “Hate it so much. But I’m grateful. So grateful to be allowed to suck your cock. My favorite part of my existence is serving you.”
King Peter smirked before reaching up to his own head to take off his crown. Stiles’ eyebrows furrowed wondering what he was doing and gasped aloud when The King placed it onto his head.
“How does it feel?” King Peter cooed.
Stiles reached up with a shaky hand and touched the crown on his head, the power radiating from it electrified his bones. He felt capable of anything.
“Good, huh?”
The boy nodded, at a loss for words.
“Touch yourself,” King Peter commanded. “Get your filthy cock out and do what you were going to do in your chamber.”
Stiles didn’t hesitate, but immediately pushed down his tattered moth-eaten and stained trousers and circled his hard cock in his grasp, dribbling some spit onto it before beginning to stroke himself. He looked down in embarrassment.
“Don’t take your eyes off your King,” King Peter commanded. “You’re wearing his crown, show him respect.”
“Yes, Your Majesty,” Stiles whined, already very close, twisting his wrist around his shaft stroking up and pressing and circling the tip until his own thighs were twitching.
“Come for me,” King Peter demanded. “Come for your King.”
The boy whimpered, his hips stuttering as he painted the front of the throne with his come. The power of the crown coursing through his body. His entire body was left shivering.
“Good,” King Peter caressed Stiles’ sweat-dampened and tear-strewn face with his palm again as he came down from his orgasm before slipping the crown off his head and placing it back onto his own.
“Clean your mess.”
The boy leant down and lapped up his own come from the throne until it was clean before sitting back up on his knees at attention.
“Pull up your pants and get out of my sight. This will never happen again, is that understood?”
Stiles nodded.
“Good. I’ll send for you again next week. If you look me in the eye again you’re going straight to the gallows.”
“Yes, Your Majesty.”



i.
The first time Yelena and Anatoly see Kaspar’s settled form, she’s twenty-five years old and reading through S.H.I.E.L.D’s leaked files per Dreykov's orders. They’re in a hotel room in Sofia, technically in the middle of a mission, but her target’s currently asleep in the room next door and she has a couple of hours to kill.
She looks through the list, companies and governments and so many people, until a name gives her pause. It's a curious feeling, like an itch she doesn't know the source of, and she shakes it off and reads the file.
Natalia’s eyes are piercing green in the photo, staring straight ahead, and Yelena gets a flash — those same eyes on a younger face — but a buzzing sound interrupts her thoughts. Anatoly joins her, settling on top of her laptop, and he crawls along the keyboard to get a better look.
Yelena reads the caption for the other picture on the screen.
Daemon: Kaspar
Form: Red postman butterfly (Heliconius erato)
Above it there’s the image of a butterfly on a white background, the quality of it is honestly better than Yelena would’ve expected for government files. She looks at its dark body, the tiny specks of color in its head, and twin bright red stripes in stark contrast against black wings.
Aposematism. The word comes to her head unbidden, like a memory long forgotten, and she struggles to place the voice who says it. The use of an animal’s bright colors as a warning of its toxic nature .
She looks at Natalia's face and snorts. Beauty disguising danger — it's a little too on the nose. Something takes hold of her for a second, a lightness, like this mocking thought makes her feel closer to the woman in the picture.
She glances down at Anatoly, where he's still watching the laptop screen, and knows automatically he's looking at the picture of Natalia Romanova's daemon.
"Do you remember him?" An unknown impulse makes her ask, and she startles at it.
He doesn't answer, of course. If Yelena doesn't, how could he?

ii.
She remembers it all two years later, red still clouding her vision and Oksana's blood coating her palms.
There's an ache deep in her heart, but Ingrid's voice is urgent in the comm and Oksana is giving her the vials — the antidote — before dying, so Yelena ignores it as best as she can and digs deep in her thigh for her tracker.
She drops it to the floor next to her comm and takes off, trying to clear her mind enough to think of a safe place to go. The ache is getting stronger, almost overwhelming, but Yelena doesn't dare stop until she's in the bathroom of a ferry heading to Spain, struggling to change into the clothes she snagged from a shop mannequin.
She loosens her hair from its braids, letting it fall messily, and when the ferry lurches from the port she finally keels over.
Anatoly.
It hurts so much more now that she's acknowledged it, and she has to take a deep breath before she gets out of the bathroom, mindful of staying long enough for people to notice. She takes a seat facing the door, face carefully blank against the nausea threatening to overtake her. She hasn't felt agony like this since she was twelve years old, and for a moment she almost wishes Oksana hadn't done it, because maybe not having free will is better than enduring this pain.
She left him in Morocco, and the fact that she’s still alive tells her the widows haven’t found him. He is still her soul, even if they’re not bonded anymore, and she knows her being free of the mental manipulation means he is as well. She can only hope they are still somewhat of the same mind so he can meet her where she’s going.
Dreykov already knows she has the antidotes, that’s a given. There’s no way Yelena can keep them, and she has an answer to the question of who could before she even thinks about it.
Freeing the other widows is a job for goddamn superheroes.
*
When Yelena gets to the safehouse in Budapest, three days later, Anatoly’s waiting for her.
She can’t properly feel him — not like she should be able to, not since the intercision — but something settles in her chest as she’s picking the lock, and he speaks before she even has the door open all the way.
“Took you long enough.”
Her eyes go to him immediately, his dark blue metallic body almost hidden against the dark wood, and she realizes with a start she can’t remember the last time she heard his voice.
She reaches for him at the same time he flies towards her, and when he lands on her cheek she covers him with a hand, careful. She wishes he were closer, that he could bury himself inside of her so she could feel whole again, and they’re touching again but it’s not enough. It hasn’t been enough for years.
“Did you take a plane?” She asks, sniffling. Anatoly crawls down to her neck, sliding a little on the tears she hadn’t realized had fallen, and she keeps a finger lightly on top of him, following his movement.
“Yes. Had a stopover in Paris, even. We should go back now that we’re ourselves again, enjoy the city.”
“Yeah,” she agrees absently.
“You look like you haven’t slept at all,” he remarks.
“Not all of us can hide in first class.” Not all of us are the size of a wasp, either, she thinks.
She’d tried to be thankful for it when she was a kid, after he settled and the initial shock of the intercision was over. That he was small enough to hide, that they could be thousands of miles apart so he could stay safe behind, all the things the Red Room said made them special. But then she would lie in bed at night and remember Ohio — Anatoly curled around her as a jackal or a wild cat or a red panda, his fur in her hand and his heart against her chest — until they fundamentally altered her brain, and she stopped caring about anything that wasn’t a mission.
It’s jarring to miss him again, like she’s subconsciously making up for the five years where she didn’t. She feels him, tiny against the skin of her neck, and yearns to hold him almost as much as she yearns to feel him as part of herself again.
But she can’t really hold him, because he’s two centimeters long, and they will never be bonded again, so she steels herself against what cannot be and focuses on getting the antidotes to the Avenger she knows.

iii.
Natasha goes to Budapest and brings the vials with her, because becoming an Avenger makes you fucking stupid, apparently.
It’s night, and they’re outside at a small bar after almost being killed by the Taskmaster. Yelena hisses as she pours vodka on the gash in her arm, and when Natasha arrives with the beers she’s still unsure whether to thank her or kick her in the shin.
She abstains from both and goes for a third option.
“That gas,” she begins, indicating the vials with her head, “the counteragent. It was synthesized in secret by an older widow, from Melina’s generation. I was on a mission to retrieve it, and she exposed me, and I killed the widow that freed me.” She looks up at Natasha, and the image of Oksana’s daemon dissolving into dust is printed clearly on the back of her eyelids.
“Did you have a choice?” Natasha asks.
“What you experienced was psychological conditioning. I’m talking about chemically altering brain functions, they’re two completely different things. It takes over your mind so thoroughly you don’t care about anything that’s not a mission. Not even—” She meets Natasha’s eyes again, watching her carefully, and swallows. “I didn’t miss him, Natasha. Not the way we miss them after they separate us. And it’s not like I felt whole again, I just felt completely empty.”
Natasha gets up without a sound, dragging her chair to Yelena’s side, and for the first time since this shitshow started Yelena realizes she hasn’t seen her in person in almost ten years. Natasha’s eyes are the same shade of green, and her hands are more calloused when they take Yelena’s arm, but she’d still recognize this touch if a decade more had passed.
Natasha blows gently on her wound, and Yelena shivers. She had never smelled of peppermint before.
“Where is Anatoly?” Natasha asks when she finishes bandaging her arm. She glances around for a second, like she expects him to suddenly appear.
Yelena shrugs. He flew beneath the kitchen table when Natasha arrived at the safehouse and Yelena put him in the backpack when the widows blew up the ceiling, and she’s secretly glad he decided to stay out of sight. She looks at Kaspar on the front of Natasha’s black leather jacket, the red on his wings richer and brighter in real life, and wonders when she lost the need to hide him.
Natasha looks at her for a beat, fingers lightly tracing the bandage, before she goes back to her side of the table and asks Yelena to join her in killing Dreykov and destroying the Red Room.
*
Twenty minutes later when they’re in the stolen car, Anatoly flies out of one of her pockets to the spot where Kaspar is on the dashboard. Yelena pretends very hard she doesn’t see Natasha’s smile.

iv.
Yelena watches Alexei flailing in the prison courtyard, Luiza flying steadily above him, and tries to wreck her brain for anyone else who might know Dreykov’s location and won’t want to kill them on sight. She comes up empty.
“Is he really our best choice?” Anatoly asks dubiously, peering through the glass from his place on the controls.
“If Natasha says so it must be true, right.” Yelena mutters, wincing against a new spray of bullets ricocheting on the windows.
“Seriously?” Kaspar pipes up from beneath Natasha’s vacant seat. Yelena glances at him only a little guiltily. She didn’t know Natasha had left him behind.
She changes the subject ungracefully. “You should take a page from his book,” she directs at Anatoly. “Get away from the glass.”
“But I wanna see!” Yelena has no time to answer before a new wave of bullets come, a dull sound to match a higher caliber, and she yanks the stick sharply to the right to get away from the worst of it. Anatoly tilts precariously, his wings fluttering uselessly as he slides alongside a panel.
She catches him easily with a hand. “You were saying?” She doesn’t wait before sticking him under the seat with Kaspar, ignoring his grumbling.
She rights the chopper before yanking out her headset and seatbelt, and makes a grab for the rocket launcher Nataha’s friend was kind enough to provide.
“Is that really the best idea?” She hears Kaspar ask.
“Are you two done questioning our choices?” Yelena settles in front of the open door and tries her best to ignore the bullets whizzing past as she aims at the watchtower. She fires.
When the mountains rumble in response to the explosion, she makes sure to have her headset on to muffle any I told you so’s that might me directed her way. At least she knows Anatoly agrees with her from the way he flies from under the seat and settles on the windshield by her head, transfixed. It really would be a cool way to die.
When Alexei and Natasha finally get inside the chopper, Yelena very carefully avoids looking at Luiza, lest some part of herself think she’s six years old again. Her memory can perfectly picture them climbing inside anyway, Luiza holding his clothes with her beak like a Great Skua could possibly be strong enough to pull him, except this time Yelena’s not crying inside of an airplane and there’s a part of her that almost wants to leave him hanging on the rope for a little while longer.
Natasha apparently has the same idea she does, because neither of them reacts when Alexei starts talking at first — though Yelena’s not sure if Natasha does it because of a violent impulse like her or if it’s just her natural need to mess with people. He catches on eventually and puts a headset on, his previously muffled voice in stark clarity at Yelena’s ears.
“Ahh, wow,” Alexei sighs happily, and it’s too much. The impact of her fist connecting with his face is only mildly satisfying, and she suppresses the urge to yell. She’s just so fucking done with men controlling her emotions.
“Why the aggression?" He clutches his nose, and Luiza shakes her head sharply beside him. "I can see why you're a wasp." He looks critically at Anatoly, still on the window beside Yelena. "Good daemon, but very tiny, no? I thought you'd settle bigger.”
She feels her blood boil. “The Red Room kills the girls who don't settle as a very small form, dipshit.” Yelena spits out.
“Big daemons are a liability on missions,” Natasha adds, not looking at either of them. Yelena feels a spark of gratitude nonetheless.
“Yeah, and when you settle into a form they consider appropriate, they take you to a room with a guillotine made of manganese-titanium alloy for the intercision, and sever your bond with your daemon forever.” She mimics a blade falling sharply with her hand, and Alexei backs away, looking supremely uncomfortable. “It’s the final step to becoming a black widow, and-”
“Okay, okay, okay!” He interrupts. “You don’t have to get so clinical and nasty!” She has half a mind to keep going, but Luiza settles on his lap then, and the wave of jealousy that hits is so strong Yelena has to look away to center herself.
His bond with Luiza is intact, of course, because he is not a widow and because no nation would ever accept half a person for a hero. Her peripheral vision catches him stroking streaked brown feathers, and she clenches her teeth and tries to focus on the harshness of Natasha’s words and the clouds surrounding them, the empty space in her chest glaringly obvious.

v.
One look at Melina’s face tells Yelena there’s no crazy mind control going on, which means she’s still working for the Red Room out of her own volition, which — she needs a drink if she’s gonna think too hard about it. Ivan is in his usual spot on the curvature between Melina’s neck and shoulder, and Yelena pretends not to notice him eyeing Anatoly with interest as Melina shows them around the house.
Sitting at the table is a strange déjà vu, and she struggles to focus on all that is different — Alexei in his ridiculous costume, her and Natasha's daemons small enough to hide beneath cutlery — so she doesn't get swept away. Luiza is perched on Alexei's chair, high and regal as he gives them a dopey smile.
“Yelena, I heard you have a Synoeca septentrionalis,” Melina says as she finishes pouring their drinks. “Level four on the Schmidt sting pain index, very impressive.”
“Four doesn’t sound very impressive,” Alexei interjects, and by now just the sound of his voice is enough for Yelena’s fists to clench involuntarily.
“Four is the highest level.” It’s Natasha who says it, and her face immediately closes off when she notices Melina’s surprised look. “What? I paid attention to what you said.”
“Sometimes you looked like my words were background noise.”
“They weren’t,” Natasha replies, defensive.
“Yes, I know that now,” Melina says. Natasha opens her mouth, like she just can’t bear to not have the final word, but Alexei interrupts her.
“Family,” he sighs, a wistful grin on his face. “Back together again.”
"Seeing as our family construct was just a calculated ruse that only lasted three years I don't think that we can use this term anymore," Melina looks around at them. "Can we?"
"Agreed." Natasha says simply, and it stings even though Yelena hasn't really thought of her as a sister in almost two decades.
The antidote made her too vulnerable, like peeling away a scab and exposing raw flesh underneath, and every word around her squirms under her skin until her entire being is almost buzzing with it.
Melina calls a pig into the room to illustrate her experiments, and Yelena makes a point to breathe when it’s told it can't, like if Melina goes deeper she'll find Yelena's soft spot again, will leave her gasping on the floor while everyone watches.
"What are you doing?" Natasha demands when the pig falls over.
"Oh, I am explaining that the science is now so exact, the subject can be instructed to stop breathing and has no choice but to obey." Ivan stays still around Melina's neck, his tongue peaking out to wet his eyes, and Yelena averts her gaze and tries to ignore the pig's choking sounds. "A person can even be instructed to kill their own daemon."
"That's impossible." Natasha interjects quickly.
Yelena looks at Anatoly, nestled against the tip of her pinky finger on the table, and instantly knows that had it been commanded, she would've squished him beneath her palm without a second thought. She feels the two last shots of vodka threatening to come back up her throat and inhales sharply, ignoring Natasha's eyes on her.
"The world functions on a higher level when it is controlled." Melina says as she releases the pig. "Dreykov has chemically subjugated agents planted around the globe.
"Do you know who they tested on?" Yelena asks.
"Hmmm, no." Melina muses. Yelena's not sure if that's any better. "That's not my department."
Melina's flippant, like it doesn't really matter either way, and Yelena's reminded of the last time she saw her — a year, maybe, after Ohio. Yelena was in the training room with the other girls, Anatoly curled around her arm as a small snake, when she looked out the door and saw a ghost.
Except it wasn't a ghost, because there was a gecko daemon on her neck, and Melina stopped when Yelena ran out calling after her. She stopped, but she didn't turn back, and Ivan stared at Yelena with his unblinking eyes until her instructor pulled at her hair and dragged her back inside.
They're arguing again, Alexei and Melina talking over each other and Natasha snapping at them.
"Our family wasn't real," Natasha's saying, "so who cares?"
"Don't say that." It was supposed to be a command, sharp, but her voice wavers too much for that effect. Yelena swallows. "Please don't say that. It was real to me. The best part of my life was fake and none of you told me." She slaps the table, frustrated, and ignores Luiza's gaze, the only one looking at her. "Those agents you subjugated? That was me. And you?" She turns to Natasha. "You got out, Dreykov made sure no one could escape. Were you gonna say anything?"
Natasha doesn't answer, of course.
Yelena wants to shake her, wants to go back in time to Amsterdam, their last mission together — Natasha's hands on her face, the wine they shared for dinner mingling with their tongues and her body on fire. The target arrived moments later as planned, but Natasha turned to her once they were done, pupils blown and her eyes gray and gentle against the dark, and when they kissed again she tasted like cinnamon. Their daemons were left behind, but Yelena wondered if Anatoly could feel it, all the way in Moscow and through their broken bond, because surely what she was experiencing was too big to be kept inside one single body.
They hadn’t been family since they’d left Ohio, and Yelena hadn’t thought of her as sister since before Anatoly had even settled, when Natasha was already the deadliest and spent little time in the Room. Yet in Amsterdam, Yelena dared to hope they could be something.
Natasha left four months later. Yelena tried to be better at hoping, after that.
*
Luiza finds her in Melina’s room, and Yelena startles for a moment before she remembers the serum allows for greater distance between a person and their daemon without hurting their bond. She regains her resentfulness quickly.
“I came in here because I didn’t want to talk.”
“I know.” Luiza’s walk is always a little goofy, her webbed feet sliding on the hardwood floor. She settles on the carpet beside the bed. “You can just listen.”
Yelena scoffs.
“You used to love to listen to me,” Luiza remarks. “Do you remember the bedtime stories?”
“About the red hero’s adventures? Yeah.” She wrinkles her nose. “Now I’m pretty sure Alexei thinks those really happened.”
“If he believes it, doesn't it make it true?” Yelena eyes her incredulously. She’s not sure birds are anatomically capable of shrugging, but Luiza somehow manages it. “Don’t you remember who were the real heroes of the stories?”
Yelena thinks for a moment. “The two warrior princesses.” It’s all much less subtle now that she’s not six anymore.
“We created a narrative for you. Just like Dreykov did, later. But you’re in charge of your story now, Yelena. I think you just have to believe in it.”
Her Russian vowels are harsh, like the streaked coloring of her feathers, but Luiza’s always been soft when Yelena needed it. She remembers being five years old and sitting on Alexei’s shoulders, begging him to run faster, faster as Anatoly and Luiza flew beside them. Melina would watch from afar, laughing at Yelena’s breathlessness and just as ready to hold her.
“He wants to talk to you,” Luiza says.
“Yeah.” She feels Anatoly settle on her left hand, curled around her knee. She might be able to do this. “Okay.”
Yelena tenses up when Dreykov’s agents arrive, minutes later, and only then realizes it's because she was relaxed, before. She managed an entire conversation without wanting to punch Alexei in the face. It’s a pity when she finds Melina, then — she doesn’t get time to ponder this progress before it all goes dark.

vi.
Off her list of cool ways to die, strapped on a surgery table ranks very low. It definitely doesn’t figure as a cool way to wake up, as well, so Yelena’s grateful when Melina’s voice sounds in her ear.
Taking down men who want to mind-control her is way cooler. She takes out a needle embedded in her shoulder and looks around, trying to decipher the peculiar feeling at the base of her spine. She wipes her face with one hand, feeling around her vest with the other, when it hits her.
“Where’s—”
“Natasha has Anatoly,” Melina says. “She didn’t want to leave him with all of us unconscious.” There’s something in her voice, not judgement, but almost an inquiry. Yelena refuses to dwell on it.
People have touched Anatoly before — her instructors sometimes, to see if she could take it, and a particularly tough target when she was fifteen — but she feels none of the agony, no nausea threatening to overtake her.
A memory comes to her, unbidden — going to the Red Room as a six-year-old, surrounded by whimpering girls and Natasha at her side. She was crying, too, couldn’t stop even when some of the older girls shushed her, but then she felt furry arms envelop her. She remembers Kaspar’s sandy color, his monkey face against her chest, as Natasha glared at anyone who dared look at them.
Their connection is toned down since the severing, but Yelena sends out a thought to Anatoly anyway, whenever in this hell facility he and Natasha may be, and takes off after the counteragent.
*
Melina blew up an engine, the entire facility is crashing around them, and the widows are not in the training room. Yelena's not sure what plan Melina and Natasha concocted, but she can only hope it involved the four of them getting out alive.
The alarm blares around her and the ground rumbles, and she has no time to wonder where Dreykov is — where he's called the widows to — before something takes brief hold of her chest, squeezing from the inside.
She takes off, her feet with no apparent direction and yet taking her exactly where she needs to go. There's movement on the corridor to her left, and it's — it's Dreykov, and a team of guards, but Yelena can't stop, keeps running until she comes upon an office and sees a dozen widows taking on Natasha.
There are times she understands — she could never forgive it, would rather die than go through it again, but she understands — why the Red Room severs the widows and their daemons' bonds. Anatoly is inside the batons' holster at Natasha's back, Yelena knows it instantly, but she feels his panic as a gnawing in her stomach, a nausea she can ignore so she can take the grenade's ring off and toss it in the air. She remembers it again, being taken away at six, their bond still intact and Anatoly shivering so violently her entire heart felt cold and sick until Kaspar held her, and wonders if this is something non-severed people could ever learn to overcome.
The vials explode in a cloud of red smoke, and the widows wake up slowly, shaking their heads against it. Yelena goes straight to Natasha, helps her up carefully to avoid the blade sticking out of her shoulder.
"Hey, are you okay? That looks like it hurts." Yelena has seen Natasha take worse, and she clings to this knowledge and ignores the blood coating half her face. "I'll take it out on three, okay?" She yanks the blade at once and Natasha gasps, betrayed. "Sorry."
The widows are talking to Natasha, a lost look in their eyes, and Yelena shoves down her hurt for them for the moment, remembering Dreykov rushing down the corridor.
"We need to get out of here," she tells Natasha. "Are you coming?"
"I'm right behind you." The ground shakes beneath their feet, more and more violently, and Yelena reaches out, unsure if she's giving support or seeking it out. Natasha leans against her hand, the fabric of her suit warm against Yelena’s palm, and when Anatoly emerges from her back Yelena spots him immediately.
She lets go of Natasha to catch him midair, sticks him under her suit against the skin of her chest, and looks up to see Natasha watching her fondly. Yelena holds Anatoly for a beat longer, focuses on the quiet strength from touching him again, and runs out of the room.
There's only one place Dreykov could be going to now, and she sprints through the facility, debris falling around and cracks on the floor waiting to trip her.
She gets out just just in time to see him get in a chopper, yelling at his guards as the Red Room crumbles. She sprints towards them, grappling hook in hand as she flings herself to one of the wings and stares at the rotor blades beneath her, the wind threatening to unbalance her at any moment.
On her list of cool ways to die, flattened on the ground had never really figured in it, but Yelena's at once sure she can accept it. She takes her batons out, almost in a trance, and it's almost startling when a voice calls out.
"Yelena, don't do it!"
Natasha's staring in horror at her, and for once Yelena's completely unaffected. She closes her eyes and feels Anatoly buzz against her skin, solid and real and still a part of her despite everything, and she knows he, too, understands.
She connects her batons and looks up at Natasha, feels cinnamon in her tongue and warm fingertips, and smiles. "This was fun!", she yells out, and sticks her batons into the rotor blades.
The force of the explosion is like nothing Yelena's ever felt, and the wind presses oppressively around her. There's no controlling her limbs, but she has the last of her strength to look up and see Dreykov catch fire. No widow has ever seen his daemon, from what she knows, and sometimes Yelena's not completely sure he even has one. But she watches the flame consume them and imagines it scattering into dust anyway, and she can still feel her own daemon against her chest, secured between her skin and the fabric of the suit, and feels completely at peace as she freefalls.
It's a very new feeling for Yelena, this peace thing, but she can't be miffed that it lasts less than a minute when she feels a body wrapping around her. The parachute slows them abruptly, and she struggles against the wind to look at Natasha only to realize she's already looking at something else.
It's almost quicker than gravity, the way Natasha brings their faces together only to immediately let Yelena go, and Yelena watches helplessly as Natasha falls and realizes she doesn't taste like cinnamon anymore.
*
Yelena wakes to the feeling of Anatoly crawling against her skin and warm hands holding her face. Her body aches with an intensity she doesn’t think she has time to examine right now, and she concentrates instead on opening her eyes and ignoring the way a scrap of metal digs uncomfortably at her ribs.
She blinks a little until she focuses on Natasha, who has a frown on her face and Kaspar on her hair, and Yelena gets a little cross-eyed trying to look at her from beneath.
"We're both upside down," she jokes.
Natasha laughs wetly, helping Yelena upright. Her hands dig into Yelena’s shoulders almost painfully, like she needs assurance they’re both really here.
“Forgive me,” Natasha says. “I should’ve come back for you.”
One day before, Yelena would’ve given almost everything to hear it. It’s almost strange, how it doesn’t seem to matter as much anymore, and even stranger her sudden need to reassure Natasha over it. “You don’t need to say that, it’s okay.”
If someone altered her brain right now, Yelena doesn’t think she could ever forget the bright green of Natasha’s eyes, shining like a beacon that moves her forward. “It was real to me, too,” Natasha says, and it hasn’t been real for years, not as sisters, but Yelena holds her tight and thinks of two girls huddled together waiting to be broken.
There’s a rush of relief when Melina arrives limping beside Alexei, Luiza waddling beside them, but it’s quickly replaced at the sound of multiple cars nearing.
“Here comes the cavalry,” Natasha grins at them. “You guys go, I’ll stay,” she says, and if Yelena thought before that being an Avenger must make you an idiot this really cements it.
“We fight better together,” Yelena insists, Melina and Alexei adding to the protest, but Natasha just looks fond as Kaspar flies down from her hair, stepping closer until her breath barely reaches Yelena’s face, blood and smoke and peppermint.
Natasha takes her hand, and Yelena stands frozen as Kaspar is carefully placed on her palm. His wings flutter delicately, and Yelena curls her fingers in instinct to protect him against the wind, pulls him closer to her body.
Natasha’s voice is soft. "Keep him safe for me, okay? I'll come find you."
She wants to say no. Yelena wants to stay and fight with her, she wants to insist Natasha come with, she wants to hold on and never let go. Instead she just watches as Anatoly flies out of her uniform and intertwines himself in Natasha's hair, crawling along until he reaches an ear and whispers something Yelena can't hear.
Natasha smiles, bright and beautiful, and in this moment, though she knows they will never be whole, Yelena swears she can feel their souls again.
Todoroki looked around to see if he’d been followed, then cautiously entered the warehouse, closing the door firmly behind him. The inside of the building smelled musty and sour, like a combination of mold and motor oil. He could hear the scuffling of small animals- probably rats. It was pitch black, the only exception being the small strip of light at the bottom of the door. Hoping there was nothing flammable nearby, he produced a small flame in the palm of his hand to illuminate the room.
“I’m here!” he called out, scanning the room for possible exits in case things went poorly.
He heard a dry chuckle and someone stepped out from the shadows.
“Kirishima—“ Todoroki began.
“I go by Blood Riot now,” the man replied.
“That’s the best you could come up with?” Todoroki asked. “It sounds like something from an American children’s cartoon!”
“Why did you come here?” Riot demanded, ignoring the comment and stepping closer.
He was big- much bigger than Todoroki remembered- with plenty of new scars. He still had his red hair, though it was hanging down instead of being spiked, and black roots were starting to show. He no longer seemed hopeful and optimistic; rather, he looked jaded and worn down.
“You invited me,” Todoroki pointed out.
“You know what I mean!” said Riot. “You could have easily ignored my message. Why did you respond?”
“Because I wanted to know what happened to you!” Todoroki cried, his deadpan facade crumbling from under him. “Why would you work with villains, Eiji? It just doesn’t make any sense.”
Riot flinched as the pet version of his given name left Todoroki’s mouth. It was subtle, but Todoroki interpreted it as a crack in the armor and jumped on the advantage.
“Eiji…” he whispered, “I’ve missed you.”
He locked eyes with Riot, stepping toward him until they were only a few inches apart, the small flame still burning above his palm.
“Shouto…” Riot whispered, wiping tears from his eyes.
Suddenly Riot closed the distance between them, taking Todoroki into his arms. Todoroki extinguished his flame, plunging the room into darkness. He wasn’t sure which one of them initiated the kiss, but a moment later he was wrapping his legs around Riot’s waist, their lips smashed together desperately as the villain held him up.
“Why did you leave?” Todoroki whispered in between kisses.
“I had to,” said Riot, kissing Todoroki’s neck and grinding their hips together. “You wouldn’t understand.”
“What I understand is that I needed you!” Todoroki screamed, pulling back just enough to give Riot a hard slap across the face- fast enough that the villain wasn’t able to protect himself with his quirk. “I needed you, and you left like I meant nothing!”
“Fuck!”
Todoroki felt Riot nearly drop him, barely managing to hold onto him as he shifted his weight around. Even in the dark Todoroki could feel Riot’s eyes on him, bringing emotions he wasn’t prepared for surging to the surface. Todoroki collapsed against Riot’s chest, shaking with big heaving sobs.
“I needed you…” he said again.
“Shouto, I’m so sorry,” Riot whispered, gently lowering him to his feet and holding him close.
“So am I,” Shouto told him sincerely.
“For what?”
“For this…”
Just then someone kicked the door open, flooding the room with sunlight as Todoroki’s two-man backup team rushed inside. He stepped away from Riot just in time before Deku tackled him to the floor, and Bakugou was there a split second later with quirk suppressing cuffs. The infamous Blood Riot had finally been taken down.
“Are you alright, Todoroki?” Deku asked, his face full of concern.
He tried not to think about how dangerously close he had come to losing himself, and compromising the mission. He’d tried to distract the villain by playing on his emotions, but he’d taken it too far, unleashing a flood of regret that had almost drowned him.
“Yeah, I’m okay,” said Todoroki, wiping away tears. “Or at least- I will be.”
AAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHH!!!! The tall blonde boy was having a meltdown in the back of the concession stand. He grabbed the mop and bucket angrily.
Mika is talking to himself - What am I even doing with myself here? This isn’t real life…it’s too much.
Another kid or teenager had peed on the floor and pooped in the urinal of the mens room outside. It was the fourth time that week.
Lacus was trying his best to keep his customers attention. He smiled I’m sorry about that, it’s nothing to be worried about. So that was one large kettle corn, a pretzel, 2 cokes, and a bag of skittles. It was the busiest time of night at the drive in. He was not jealous of being in Mika’s position, but even so he felt overloaded. Because now he was running back and fourth between the register and the hotdog roller or the popper.
People were standing in line until well into The Little Mermaid which was their late matinee. He finally got through the last few hold outs.
Mika stormed in looking beyond disgruntled. He ripped off his gloves angrily and kicked the roller bucket out of the way to dramatically slide down the wall. He looked like an ad for antidepressants.
Mika and Lacus were here every summer at the Showboat drive in. They were both now college freshman. Lacus finally got some backup for the next movie when Shinoa came in. He stood in the doorway looking down at Mika.
That bad, huh?
Mika’s fierce blue eyes scowled at him. I’m always cleaning the shit! Kids are terrible. I’m getting fixed, so I NEVER have to deal with them.
Lacus sat next to him on the floor.
After a time of silence, Lacus humorously whispered “I thought you were gay.”
With the most annoyed face Mika could manage, he yelled “I AM!…I CAN’T TAKE ANY CHANCES!”
Lacus laughed heartily.
It’s not funny, there’s a serial shitter and I’m stuck holding the mop!
Lacus sighed
If it makes you feel any better, it’s probably not kids.
Mika’s face took an exasperated appearance. No….no that does not make me feel better. It’s just affirming my belief that there’s more and more trash people in the world around me. At least kids are naturally retarded, there’s no excuse for a grown ass person to do that!
Lacus spoke in a caring tone. I know…management is going to have to put one of us near the entrance of the bathroom all night. I don’t know what else we can do. It’s not as if we can put cameras in there.
Mika smugly says “Why the hell do you care, you never have to clean it?”
Lacus pulls Mika out of the doorway and plops him down on the ugly green couch in the back which doubled a a break-room of sorts.  He went to go get Mika a coke and pulled out a bottle of cinnamon schnapps from his locker. “He asked, do you want some?” Our shift is ending.
Mika poured a lot.
Mika, that’s going to taste bad! You can’t overdo it! Lacus poured only a little bit in his coke. He said “cheers”.
Lacus starts playing darts and Mika could not hold his liquor and he wasn’t going to admit he made the drink too strong.
It became apparent when Lacus heard giggles and he turned to see Mika laying down.
Crap! He went to go get Mika some water.
He sat next to him. “Drink, please! You weren’t supposed to get hammered”
Mika red faced plopped his head in Lacus’s lap.
Lacus looked down at him. “Your not going to remember anything are you?”
Mika giggles and shakes his head from side to side.
Mika….I know you hate the kids movies because that’s when the serial shitter always strikes…I uhhhh…slipped some penis flash frames into The Little Mermaid for you.
Mika seemed to retain some small awareness and he started laughing uncontrollably. He drunkenly mumbled “Fight Club!!!….Shhhh….Lacus-Lacus you know how we live in Orlando???”
Lacus says Yes, Mika I am aware of the city we live in.
Mika mumbled “My 2D teacher worked on Little Mermaid, and he confirmed that there were phallus shaped objects animated throughout the movie. Hahahahaha….so now it’s like double the D. Mika’s eyes were so sparkly and wide. Lacus ran his fingers through his wavy hair.
Lacus says hmmm, I guess I’ve got nothing to lose. Mika, do you want to know why I care about you having to mop up all that crap?
Mika chortled sure.
Because I like you dummy. Like…..a lot. And I don’t even know why…you are so mean.
Mika cried awwwww, I am so mean. Why do you like me? Mika sadly said I am such penis wrinkle!
Lacus said, I don’t know, I just do. That’s how it is. You sometimes can’t help who you crush on.
Mika threw his arms around Lacus and kissed him.
Lacus smiled but pushed him off. Mika, your not going to remember this. Keep drinking that water.
I will remember this! I’ll remember this real hard! Mika made a noise like a grunt.
Mika don’t ever make that sound again.
I’m just trying to remember this conversation, that noise helps me.
Lacus said, okay let’s see if you’ll really remember. Lacus told Shinoa he was going to take Mika home because he was sick.
He drug Mika up three flights of stairs and into his dark apartment. He tucked Mika in bed and kissed his forehead “dummy”.
Mika looks at Lacus…your sweet…I like you too. Then he snores loudly.
Lacus left a note on his nightstand. I drove you home. Call me and we’ll go get your car. He left his number. “We’ll just see if he remembers anything.” He wanted to stay with him and nurse him, but if he forgot what happened he might freak out. He wanted to return Mika’s kiss when he was sober but he had to leave. This is the best thing to do he thought.



Riviar's legs were tangled with Fideltin's as he sat on the soldier's lap.
"Do you have to go?"
"I can't disobey direct orders; besides, you've been putting off going to Tython to finish your trials." Riviar swallowed thickly.
"But-" Fideltin cut Riviar off, planting a kiss on his forehead, right between his horns.
"Hoth won't be that bad. Everyone just hates it because they don't know how to deal with the cold." Riviar looked like he wanted to protest, but the unmistakable ring of an incoming flight stopped him in his tracks.
"This one is yours," Riviar says instead, sliding off Fideltin's lap. The soldier stood, picking up his bag. Fideltin touched Riviar's chin lightly.
"May the tides favor your path," the chagrian said.
"May the Force be with you," the Jedi echoed, his lower lip trembling.




“What’s that?” Eddie jerked his head in the direction of the pole slotted between the floor of the apartment and the underside of the mezzanine level.
Glancing over his shoulder from the kitchen, Buck shrugged, cracking open the beer bottles as he turned around. “Pole. What does it look like?”
“Well I get that.” Taking the beer with a quiet thank you, Eddie resisted the urge to swat at his boyfriend as Buck dropped into the sofa beside him and draped his long legs over Eddie’s. “I mean, what’s it there for? You never said the loft was unstable.”
“It’s not.” Buck let his eyes wander to the pole. He'd put it in a couple of weeks ago, but since most of their time was spent at Eddie's, it wasn't much of a surprise that it had gone unnoticed.
"Then what's with the pole?" Eddie's gaze drifted from Buck, to the pole, and then back again. The secretive grin on his boyfriend’s face had him feeling uneasy, and he shifted a little in his seat. "Is this something to do with wherever it is you've been sneaking off to on our nights off?"
"Maybe…" Buck winked at Eddie, wrapping his lips around the mouth of the bottle. "If you're a good boy, I might show you."
"Is that so..?" Buck could hear the smirk in Eddie's voice, and a shiver ran up his spine when he felt a hot puff of air against his ear, Eddie's voice low and gravelly as he whispered, teeth grazing at his ear lobe, and nipping at the sensitive flesh behind the ear. "How good do you want me to be,
     Sir
  ?"
Buck moaned, closing his eyes as the teeth turned to lips, and wet, sloppy kisses were lavished against the nape of his neck, Eddie’s tongue massaging the skin as he moved slowly, straddling Buck and pulling at his belt. Stroking a hand languidly down Eddie’s spine, Buck cupped his ass, delivering three short, sharp spanks, stilling the man in his lap.
“Naughty boy.” With a grunt, Buck pried Eddie away from him, pointing to the floor, and watching with a smirk as Eddie complied with his silent command, sinking to his knees at Buck’s feet. “Much better.” With two fingers beneath Eddie’s chin, Buck lifted his head to look his boyfriend in the eye. “Word?”
“Tsunami...” Cheeks red, Eddie muttered his word, pausing at Buck’s raised eyebrows and biting his lip. “..
    Sir.”
Stifling a laugh, Buck still couldn’t believe Eddie picked 
    that 
  out of all the words in existence, Buck nodded, moving away from the sofa to collect their kit from the closet. “Now… the important question… how good have you been this week?” He rounded on Eddie, who was still staring at the space on the sofa Buck had previously occupied. “Well? Princess? How good have you been this week?”
“Uh… I… sorry Sir…” Eddie faltered, turning on his knees to face Buck, eyes darting between the paddle and the flogger in his boyfriend’s hands. “I think… very good Sir…”
“Hmmm…” Buck set the paddle down on the coffee table, pointing to the wooden surface. “Position.” He watched, easing out of his pants as Eddie moved, bending over the table and pressing his face against the top, staring at the paddle. “Good boy.” In long, slow strides, Buck paced a circle around the coffee table, letting the flogger stroke across Eddie’s back as he passed him by.
Eddie barely flinched as the flogger came down, hard against his raised ass, but the gentle hand that followed it caught him off guard, and he twitched his hips, bumping against the edge of the table. “Sorry… Sir…” His breath hitched as the hand slid lower, divesting him off both his pants and underwear in one smooth movement, the material bunching around his knees before Buck helped him kick them away. Feeling slick fingers pressed at his hole, he tensed, and moaned, wondering when Buck had picked up the lube.
“Well done Princess.” Hot breath brushing against his hole sent a shudder through Eddie’s body, and he moaned softly, closing his eyes as the soft brush of leather encircled his wrists, binding them together. Strong hands caressed his cheeks, prising them open, and the breath was back, teasing him. “So good. So good for me.” Eddie moaned again, pushing his ass back against Buck’s face as his tongue flicked against his rim.
“Fuuuu…” He whined as Buck pulled away, and again when a slap was delivered to his exposed ass. “Sorry Sir.” Feeling Buck move around behind him, Eddie strained his head to look around, his lips parting and mouth falling open obediently when he saw the ballgag in Buck’s hand. With the gag in place, Buck stroked a hand through Eddie’s hair and pressed a kiss to the tip of his nose, before using a strip of silk to bind Eddie’s eyes, and obscure his vision.
“If only you could see yourself Princess.” Leaning over him, Buck whispered in Eddie’s ear, replicating his action from earlier and sinking his teeth gently into his boyfriend’s earlobe. Pressing the small ping pong ball into Eddie’s hand, Buck kissed the side of his head. “Let go of the ball if you want me to stop.”
On his knees, chest and head pressed against the coffee table, Eddie could only nod meekly, groaning into the gag as Buck’s hand parted his cheeks once again, and his tongue licked a stripe across his hole. He writhed, grinding back against his boyfriend’s face as teeth nipped at the sensitive flesh, and the tongue continued to tease, licking, flicking, probing. But the feel of Buck’s lips, kissing and sucking, drove Eddie insane, and he jerked his hips, trying to find something to push up against, desperate to find some friction for his aching, throbbing cock.
Buck stilled him with a firm smack on the hip, and a sharp bite on his ass. “Naughty boy. I thought you were going to be good for me.” Rising to his feet, and ignoring the muffled whine, Buck took up the flogger, swinging it a couple of times, to taunt Eddie with the sound of it whizzing through the air. He waited. Watching for Eddie to fall still, before he brought it down, hard, relishing in the soft crack as it made contact with the exposed skin of his boyfriend’s ass.
Five strikes. Five fresh, red marks left in their wake. Five gentle, caring kisses lavished on said marks.
And then Buck really went to town. Returning to his position between Eddie’s legs, he pushed his face between his boyfriend’s splayed legs, lips and teeth kissing, sucking and nipping at Eddie’s hole as a hand teased his cock. With no way of seeing what Buck was doing, and no idea what was coming next, the sensations were driving Eddie wild, and when Buck’s tongue pushed inside of him, fucking him, teasing him, well that was it.
With a grunt, and a desperate thrust into Buck’s hand, Eddie came, his knees buckling and his body sliding backward into Buck, who hooked an arm around his waist, and lowered him carefully, settling him down between his legs, wiping his hand into his shirt.
“Well done Princess…” Stroking a hand through Eddie’s hair, Buck slowly untied his restraints, massaging his wrists gently as he chucked the leather strapping aside. “So good. Very good.” The gag came next, and he unbuckled it with one hand, the other resting gently around Eddie’s throat as he drew a couple of deep, steady breaths. “Last one Princess. You’re doing great.” As the blindfold fell away, Buck used his hand to shield Eddie’s eyes from the light above them, letting his boyfriend rest against him, pressing gentle kisses to the side of his head and whispering reassuring words into his ear.
“Such a good boy. Did so well. Took your punishment so good for me Princess.” Eddie turned his head, his smile goofy as he stroked his fingers up and down the arm wrapped around his waist. “Well done Princess.”
“Thank you Sir…” Mumbling, Eddie stretched out his legs, reaching for the bottles of beer they’d started earlier. “...but about that pole…”

Vash sat at the table with the salve caravan owner. The grim outside dust devils and harsh winds the perfect pathetic fallacy, a nagging reminder of what he was about to do. He had to retrieve the key and the escaped dancing girl or kill them. He tensely chewed the worn bubble gum, devoid of all flavor now, at the back of his molars to keep from chewing his cheek again. He didn't feel like having to sooth an angry canker sore tomorrow.
"What're we payin' ya to get the job done."
Job... a pretty name for a dirty exchange.
"50 grand." Vash answered coldly.
"Fuck you."
Vash placed his hands on the table and stood up, scootching the chair away as it scraped on the floor, but other wise not moving his hands from the table or his feet from the floor, daring the slaver to call his bluff. No one else would be skilled enough to take the job, those kids were too far away by now.
"Fine.... 50 grand."
"Dead or alive." Vash added the stipulation, looking at the large, wealthy man who looked some what like Colonel Sanders from old KFC ad's in ancient, deteriorating magazines from Earth. "Or you can find someone else to do it."
The slaver glared and then whistled for one of his men to come over, "50 grand. Count it and put it in a case.
"Payment up front."
"So you can run? I'm no idiot."
"You're gonna say no to Vash the Stampede?" Vash smoothly flashed the hilt of his gun, the dim light gleaming off the polished chrome.
There was a stiff stillness in the caravan and Vash waited patiently for the slaver to concede.
"Take the money."
The henchman came back and placed the case on the table. Vash didn't bother to count it, what ever was in there would be good enough for what he had in mind, but also knew, no one screwed with Vash the Stampede once hired... or at least got away with it. Well... that's the presence he liked think he had, and people  for the most part payed attention to it. Plus, even an idiot knew what he had done to July and you would have to be even dumber to try and screw with him. There were many stupid people on this planet.
"Thank you very much." Vash said while lowering the red coat from the side of his hip to cover the gun up again.
"Don't thank me.  Keep the money, but I gottah ask... What makes you choose this kind of life."
Vash quirked an eye brow. It wasn't often someone called him on on his choices. "I got a bleeding heart. Hate to see people suffer." He answered truthfully before turning around and then walked out of the tent,  to start the engine of the jalopy, Meryl soon got into the car with him, asking him questions he wasn't going to answer knowing she would yell at him, tell him he was a terrible person to taking the job. All he said was, "Don't ask questions you don' t want the answer to, but if you must know, I got a job to do."
"A hit?" Meryl asked with a concerned hush.
Vash continued to chew his bubble gum and sped off in tensioned silence, thoughts of how exactly he was gonna pull off this little escapade with no one getting hurt.
The loss hurts.  Mitch feels hollow, like someone cracked his ribs open and scooped his heart out.
He completes his media availability, Auston burning expressionless and cold next to him. Back in the locker-room, only route ensures he makes it around to all the guys.
Shame wells up as he faces John.  Steady, dependable John who came home to play with talent like Mitch.
Failure tastes like bile.
Back at the hotel, Mitch locks his door before turning on his phone.  He doesn’t want his dad’s texts leaking out into the hallway.  The team doesn’t deserve that.
He dutifully calls his dad back; the longer he waits the worse the critique will be.
Failure is a stream of jagged words.
A fist on his door startles him.  His dad hangs up.
Mitch exchanges two legs for four.  He doesn’t want to answer but he might have to.  Through the crack at the bottom of the door he smells hot noon sun and a body wash that always makes his stomach swoop.  He hears Auston shift impatiently.
He hits the door again but Mitch can’t answer.  Auston will just have to wait until tomorrow because right now he can’t give him what he needs.
Mitch curls into a tight ball under the room’s desk.
Failure is lonely.
———

Auston Matthews is many things to Mitch: Best friend, secret love, the best sex he’s ever had.  The last one started after one of Auston’s one-night stands told him he was the father of their child.  There had been a stressful several months before the DNA test came back negative.
Auston, having learned a hard lesson, wanted to sleep with people he trusted.
Mitch had loved him for a year before one accidental kiss led to their current arrangement.  They sleep together during the season and other people in the summer.  Mitch doesn’t know who Auston is with and he doesn’t want to know.
He never actually sleeps with other people when Auston is in Arizona, instead he makes up stories about imaginary partners if Auston bothers to ask.  He never used to but he does now.  Mitch assumes it’s because he can’t stand the thought of coming in second to anybody for any reason, even if it’s just casual sex.
Mitch would like to find someone to build a future with, so he goes on a lot of dates during the summer, but no one makes it to American Thanksgiving.  He never feels like he gives all of himself, there’s always a piece locked away.
Every year, Mitch’s date to the Matthews’ Family Thanksgiving is a nice bottle of wine where Ema always hugs him tightly and kisses both his cheeks, telling him he’s beautiful.
Mitch wishes her son felt the same way.
Sex with Auston comes in many flavors.  Sometimes, it's fun and laughter where orgasum is not the primary goal.  Other times, it’s a feast of skin, both needing to touch and be touched.  More recently it’s primal, sharp teeth and grasping fingers that leave marks across the body and eye-contact so intense Mitch is sure Auston has seen his soul.
They both feel safe in this space, free to try new things with no chance of a baby.  Mitch’s birth control is more regimented than Sidney Crosby’s game-day routine.
The morning after the loss, Mitch wakes to a friendly tap on his hotel door.  It’s probably Jack, making sure no one misses breakfast.  Jack doesn’t need to see Mitch naked at . . . 7:00AM?!  He grabs a towel on his way and Jack just nods, breakfast at 8, on the bus by 9.
Mitch can see JT, Muzz, and Spetza doing old-man stretches by the elevators while Nicky copies them, asking about their benefits and Mo is a sad lump on the carpet.
When Mitch gets out of the shower, Auston is sitting on his bed; those tight pants are probably illegal given the time of day.  His wide-brimmed hat shadows most of his face but can’t hide the frown.
Mitch feels worse, seeing that frown.  Maybe it wouldn’t be so dark if he had opened his door last night instead of hiding.
He doesn’t have the heart for snark this morning and Auston ignores him in favor of his phone while he dresses and packs.  Only after Mitch has a hand on the room’s doorknob, does Auston move.  When he slides one strong hand around his waist, Mitch’s skin is suddenly hyper-sensitive, when Auston tips his head into his other hand and runs his nose up Mitch’s throat and cheek, exhaustion is replaced by fanatic need.
Mitch wishes they weren’t required to attend team breakfast.
Auston’s warm-weather car, a sporty two-seater BMW, is sitting in one of Mitch’s guest spaces when he makes it back to his building.  His key is barely in the slot when the door opens and he’s pulled in.
Auston’s eyes are dark and Mitch can see the energy and disappointment from their last game being rechanneled.  The door slams shut under Mitch’s weight as Auston bares down.
Today, the sex isn’t fun or soft.  Today, it’s about skin, and teeth, and frustration.  Auston is so close in times like this but Mitch always wants to be closer.  Auston gets a hand in the neckline of Mitch’s tee and yanks, giving himself room to sink his teeth into the space where Mitch’s neck meets his shoulder.
Mitch’s brain is suddenly filled with white static, it barely registers when Auston picks him up, moving them to the couch.  Indistinguishable thoughts skitter across his consciousness and old, heavy feelings with no names settle into his bones.
All he knows are his fingers in Auston’s hair, Auston’s hands moving down his back, and the knowledge that this may be their last time together before Auston leaves for Arizona.  It may be their last time full stop if Auston finds someone over the offseason.
So Mitch keeps his feelings locked away, pulling Auston closer and breathing him in.
————

Mitch’s exhaustion doesn’t let up as the summer moves along, he struggles to stay awake through his video calls with Auston and various sponsor meetings.
One afternoon he fails and wakes to find that Auston hasn’t disconnected, instead he’s surrounded by catalogs.  Mitch can see some of the spines, they’re all vacation locations.  Auston must be picking out his anniversary gift to his parents; he always treats them to a vacation but never puts this much thought into his own vacations.  Mitch apologizes but Auston just looks at him over the rim of his glasses, saying it’s the company that’s important.
Mitch wonders if he’s depressed because he keeps falling asleep but Auston keeps the calls going.  This gives Mitch a tantalizing look into Auston’s life away from Toronto.  One time he wakes to Breyana painting her toes.  She doesn’t act surprised, only saying that Auston is in the backyard talking to his landscaper.  Another time, it’s Ema and they talk about the weirdness of the season and Mitch’s goals for the next season until Felix interrupts them, sticking his nose into the camera frame.
In September, Mitch’s worst fear comes true.  Auston finds someone.  One afternoon when he wakes up, Freddie is sitting on Auston’s couch.  He lifts a hand in greeting but Mitch can barely return the gesture.
In hindsight, he should have seen this coming.  Auston and Freddie are close, have always been close.  Mitch knows that Freddie is one of the first people Auston goes to for advice or if he needs a sounding-board to talk a problem through.
Freddie is so many things Mitch isn’t and sometimes he feels inadequate in comparison.
Jealousy digs into him, sharp and cruel, and all he wants to do is tell Freddie to go away.  To snap that this space doesn’t include him.  Mitch pulls his hoodie up past his nose.  Things go from bad to worse when Auston vaults over the back of the couch, handing a packing envelope over to Freddie with a smile and a tap of knees.
This must have been a planned visit for Freddie to get mail in Arizona and not in California.  Mitch has visited Auston during the summer several times, but never for long enough to have business mail sent down.
Mitch feels sick, Auston doesn’t smile at him like that.  He would know.  Auston looks at him with pride when they score together, with exasperation when Mitch rearranges all of his hotel pillows, and lust as they tear clothes away.
Suddenly, Mitch can’t watch Auston’s and Freddie’s domestic happiness.  He makes his excuses while he can still speak without choking and ends the call, cutting off Auston’s objections.
——-

Mitch isn’t depressed, he’s pregnant.
Watching the midwife take measurements on the screen, he has a hard time focusing on what she’s saying.  Because that’s a baby, a little bit of him and a little bit of Auston.
When he finally looks back at her, she only smiles like his behavior is completely normal, before telling him she estimates Baby Marner was conceived around the beginning of July and due in April.
The beginning of July.  He’d had some 48-hour flu, and had probably thrown-up his birth-control, but that had been forgotten when Auston broke quarantine, visiting Mitch instead of going straight to his house from the airport.
Mitch had opened the door to find Auston looking shifty, like he was afraid the league had hired secret quarantine police that might pop out of the walls to drag him away.
That night, they slept together in one bed, like they did sometimes on the road, Mitch using Auston’s bicep as a pillow.  Their nose to nose closeness had turned into something soft, and wet, and slow; like a spell from a fairytale that ends at midnight.
Auston.  He has to tell Auston right away.  To keep it from him would violate their friendship.  It wouldn’t be fair to Freddie either.
———

Mitch is in that liminal space between sleep and wakefulness when he feels Zeus get off the living room couch, nails clicking quickly like he’s excited about something.  Mitch thinks he hears the door close but slips back into sleep before he’s sure.
His dad’s ringtone jolts him awake and he pokes for the speakerphone button.  Paul Marner wants to know why he received a certified letter from Auston Matthews claiming paternity of Mitch’s child and his intentions to take responsibility.
Why would Mitch do something so stupid?  He’s on birth control for a reason.  This mistake is going to hurt his career.  Now, he’ll be chained to Auston forever but always in the shadows.
Then his mom joins in, commenting that there’s still time to give the baby up for adoption.  Maybe they should explore an in-family adoption and Chris can raise the baby.  She goes on, saying that if Auston throws a fuss, Mitch can sign his rights away.  Now isn’t the time for babies because babies can wait but hockey can’t.
His dad always uses the word “it” when describing Mitch’s baby.  His mom is excited about the baby but she wishes it wasn’t Mitch’s.  Chris is happily married, he should have given their parents the first grandchild.
It’s dehumanizing in a way he never thought possible.  Mitch wants to curl into himself to protect his baby from their grandparents but he can’t move.
The words keep coming and threaten to drag Mitch down to someplace dark.  His temperature spikes and his breathing turns quick and shallow.  He’s sure he’s going to vomit when something soft and cold is pressed against the nape of his neck.  The sick feeling retreats as the smell of wildfire, burning hot and fast, fills the room.
Mitch colors with shame as Auston leans around him, one hand still on Mitch’s neck, ending the call.  He doesn’t want Auston to know what Mitch’s parents think of their son.  The phone rings again.  Auston accepts the call and immediately hangs up before turning the phone off.
From behind his mask, Auston’s eyes are hard and flat.  The wildfire smell intensifies as he methodically opens and closes Mitch’s cabinets and fridge.  His movements are precise, spine like a steel rod, and Mitch knows he’s angry.
He’s thinking about hiding in his room when Auston comes back, throwing himself down on the opposite end of the couch, covering his eyes with one arm.
The cold pack is warm now.  When Mitch shits to drop it on the coffee table, Auston opens the arm not hiding his eyes.  It’s an invitation to snuggle.  He doesn’t know how much contact Auston will tolerate, his feelings still so close to the surface, so he very carefully lays his head on Auston’s thigh.  They’ve done this before, being close while avoiding eye contact when emotions are frayed.
The smell of fire slowly fades from force of nature to winter-time domestic and Mitch knows his own adrenaline spike will soon invert into a crash.
His hands move to cover the baby, a common gesture now.  He wonders when he’ll get a bump.
The air is thick with things unspoken.  How two friends made a baby.  Auston’s unknown intentions.
Mitch falls asleep before he can ask.
———-

Auston doesn’t want to just marry Mitch, he wants to bond.  He wants to tie their souls together for the rest of their days.
Mitch pushes back, hard.  There wouldn’t be any coming back from this.  No divorce, no breaking of the bond, no take-backs.  Auston doesn’t need to marry Mitch for honor or anything so old-fashioned to be responsible.  People successfully co-parent all the time.
They retreat to different parts of the condo, both needing space.
Mitch wonders if accepting Auston’s crazy proposal would make him a selfish person.  It must, because saying yes would deny Auston the opportunity to find someone he actually wants to bond with.  Saying yes also denies Mitch the opportunity to be someone’s forever choice.
But if he has to pick between being Auston’s responsible choice and some unknown person’s forever choice, he’ll pick Auston every time.
Maybe one of them will regret it in the future and they ruin their friendship.  Maybe they find a way to make it work but Mitch hurts now because they love each other differently.
But Auston asked and Mitch is selfish when it comes to Auston.
He says yes.
———-

They bond on a cold afternoon in late November.  The on-going global pandemic means the normal pomp and ceremony has been reduced to only the legal necessities but Auston still sends a car, a vintage silver Rolls Royce Phantom, to take him to the courthouse.
The old car doesn’t have a heater; Mitch pulls the hood of the cloak up and hides his hands in the piles of fabric that make up the sleeves of his shirt.  The impracticality of the outfit is supposed to show that Auston can fully support Mitch’s needs of physical safety, financial security, and family.
He normally thinks the bonding rituals are outdated and cringe-worthy but Auston had happily thrown himself into the preparation, arranging Mitch’s move from his condo to Auston’s new house in Rosedale that he bought before the pause and ordering food from Harbour 60 as a reception for two when they get back from the courthouse.
Mitch didn’t understand why he’s doing this, they’re bonding for the baby not for love, but Auston is happy and that’s good enough for him.
His parents are waiting outside when the car pulls up; they still think Chris would be a better father to Mitch’s baby.  Mitch realizes that in less than an hour, they won’t be responsible for him any longer.  It’s a freeing thought.  His father will have no standing in his contract negotiations or business decisions.  The team won’t ask them to make medical decisions.  Going forward, the only information they get is what Mitch decides to tell them.
Auston and the judge are waiting for them in the lobby.  Auston stands out from the inconspicuous civil servants in three-piece indigo suit, a gold pocket-watch hanging from the vest pocket.  His heavy overcoat lays across one arm.  Mitch notices that Auston’s shirt is made from the same opalescent white fabric as his own outfit.
Auston unhooks the cloak and adds it to his own coat before touching his forehead to Mitch’s, the traditional greeting between bonded mates.  Mitch can’t help himself, he pushes up on his toes to get closer even as his chest tightens painfully.
Their facemasks are a reminder that everything is weird.
As they step away, Auston tucks Mitch’s hand into the crook of his elbow.
The ceremony itself is a blur and requires very little participation from Mitch.  Auston helps him kneel as the judge leads his parents through the ritual of handing Mitch’s health and happiness off to Auston.  He doesn’t hear them leave but he feels his pack bond with them start to unravel.
He listens as Auston promises to be faithful to Mitch, to ensure he and the children they have together only know security and happiness and to protect his family from want and fear.
Auston drops to his knees in front of Mitch, pressing kisses into his palms before tipping his head to the side and sinking his teeth into the same spot he’s used in the past.
Mitch can’t stop the full-body jerk and his vision starts to white-out.  Some people say bonding feels like getting hit in the chest with a baseball bat, for others it’s like a flower opening under warm sunlight.  But Mitch doesn’t notice anything new, it feels like every other time they’ve marked each other up.
Maybe Mitch is deficient, maybe he’s one of the few people who will never experience a full bond.  Tears wash away the white pleasure-induced static clouding his vision.  He feels them slip down his face.
Poor Auston, he’ll suffer because Mitch was selfish.
Auston’s teeth dig in harder.  Mitch stares at the ceiling, unblinking.
Guilt makes his body hurt.
Poor stupid, noble Auston who wasted his one chance at happiness on Mitch.
There’s no going back.

[Scene: outside of the National Diet Building. The Phantom Thieves are mourning over the loss of Ryuji until...]
Ryuji: Man, that was close!
[Everybody gasps as they see a perfectly fine Ryuji walking towards them]
Ryuji: [fatigued] For real, though, why do Palaces gotta explode so much? Can’t they disappear normally?
[The other group members walk up to Ryuji out of disbelief and confusion. Ann gives Ryuji a threatening look, to the boy’s confusion]
Ryuji:...What?
Haru: Didn’t you...die?
Ryuji: What?! I got blasted out from the explosion. When I woke up, I was lying on the grass! I mean, ain’t I alive?
[Ann starts crying. Yusuke, however, closes his eyes out of contemplation]
Yusuke: (Ryuji...I am not sure how you are alive. However, I do not care about the details; I am delighted that you are back with us...)
Ryuji: [playfully] What’s this? Your crying face isn’t so cute.
[Futaba, Ann, Makoto, and Haru all growl at Ryuji]
Ann: It’s your own damn fault!
[Ann suddenly shoves Ryuji into a light post. Akira, Morgana, and Yusuke all take a step back out of shock]
Ryuji: What’d I do?!
Haru: We were worried about you!
Futaba: Troublemaker!
[The other girls corner Ryuji]
Ryuji: Hold on...okay? Come on! I...I almost kinda died!
[The girls give him a terrifying look. Ryuji closes his eyes and defensively puts his hands up]
Ryuji: Uh, you guys are joking, right?
[The girls ready a punch, but suddenly Yusuke steps in between them and Ryuji. Ryuji opens one eye out of confusion]
Yusuke: Hold it right there.
Futaba: Out of our way, Inari! That stupid jerk needs to be taught a lesson!
Yusuke: Why are you so intent on harming one of your teammates? Ryuji performed quite the heroic task in the Palace, did he not?
Makoto: But he risked his life! That’s so stupid of him!
Yusuke: Hmm. Humans do stupid things very frequently. I, for example, have listened to Madarame’s lectures for my whole life even when I knew that his teachings were toxic. Tell me, are you going to punch me as well?
Akira: Ryuji was also a victim of physical abuse, just so you know.
[The girls silently lower their fists. Morgana jumps onto Akira’s shoulder and hisses at the girls]
Morgana: You were all willing to beat up the guy with a disability?! Even I wouldn’t do that! I know I insult Ryuji a lot, but I don’t want his whole body to be broken, especially from people who I thought were my allies!
Akira: Listen, all of you. When I first got here, the entire school was against me. Ryuji stood up for me and supported me when no one else would. I can’t sit by and watch my most loyal friend get beaten up.
Yusuke: You ladies should be ashamed of yourselves. I expected far better from people who call themselves heroes of justice.
[The girls avert their gazes from Yusuke, Akira, and Morgana]
Akira: [icily] If you ever hurt Ryuji in any way ever again, I will use up all the ink in your pens and all the lead in your pencils. You will have to waste your money on many writing utensils.
Makoto: That...doesn’t seem so bad...
Akira: I am simply being merciful. Now go home and think about what you’ve done before I come up with worse punishments.
[After a few seconds, the girls slowly leave one by one. Ryuji slowly walks up to Akira and puts a shaky hand on his shoulder]
Ryuji: Dude...you are effing incredible!
Akira: Hey, Yusuke started it.
Yusuke: [clearing his throat] Yes. Well. I suppose I did help. I must confess that I do not have the strongest bond with Ryuji, but I still consider him to be a lovely friend.
Ryuji: [trying to stop himself from crying] Hey, stop it! You’re gonna make me cry!
Morgana: Eh, cry all you want. I don’t care.
Akira: He has a point. Crying can be soothing and cathartic.
Morgana: [hastily] Uh, yes! I was totally going to say that! Now let’s change the subject to how scary you were, okay?!
Yusuke: I agree. Akira can be quite terrifying when he is infuriated.
Ryuji: I don’t care how scary you were, dude! [pulling Akira into a tight hug] I love you!
[Akira smiles and returns the hug. After a few seconds, Ryuji abruptly pulls away from Akira and gives Yusuke a big hug]
Ryuji: I love you too, dude!
Yusuke: [blushing] Oh, my...
Morgana: [playfully] Looks like I have something else to tease you about, huh?
Ryuji: [abruptly pulling away from Yusuke] You better not! Just...ignore what I did, alright?! I just wanna forget this day ever happened! [quietly] But, uh, thanks for standing up for me, I guess.
Yusuke: [warmly] Please do not thank us, Ryuji. We were simply standing up for you. That is what friends do.
Morgana: Yeah! I’m the only one who can degrade you!
Ryuji: [flatly] Wow, thanks.
Yusuke: Now then, shall we get food? I’m feeling quite hungry.
Akira: I want burgers.
Ryuji: Hey, can we get ramen bowls, too?!
Morgana: Ooh, and sushi! I want sushi!
Yusuke: [happily] Hmm, burgers, sushi, and ramen on the same day. How lovely.
Akira: Even better, I have the money for it because I have been completing many part time jobs.
Ryuji: For real?!
Yusuke: Of course. Akira is a very kind and hard-working person, after all.
Ryuji: You’re such a workaholic, dude! But thanks for being such a loyal guy. [quietly] Same to you, Yusuke and Morgana.
Yusuke: It was no trouble.
Morgana: Yeah, yeah, no trouble at all...
End
Alan had spent the last hour quietly killing zombies whilst sprawled on his stomach across one of the lounge sofas. At some point Virgil had joined him, but he was only quietly scrolling through his tablet, and it hadn't affected Alan's attention enough to dent his high score. Alan was just starting to think about going in search of a snack when a loud groaning noise coming from the mezzanine level overlooking the lounge caused him to flick his head up in alarm. He was about to jump to his feet when he was silently shushed by Virgil. His brother seemed to be trying to suppress his own laughter and waved his hands urgently miming that Alan should also stay quiet.
“Shhhussh,” he whispered, “it's only Scott”
Alan frowned, the noise had suggested Scott was in pain, it wasn't like Virgil to ignore a brother in pain.
“You don’t seem concerned?” Alan whispered back, trying to convey urgency without raising his voice, too much training in the field making him follow commands even if he didn't quite understand them.
“It's only because he fell asleep in a low chair and he can’t get back up again without making old man noises. He wouldn’t be doing it if he knew we could hear him” a few snuffled chuckles escaped at the end. “Oh, shuuush, he’s managed to get up. Play dead!” He slumped back in his seat as if he had just dozed off. Once again trained obedience had Alan following suit. He crashed his head down onto his folded arms.
A few stiff sounding shuffles and Scott made it to the railing, he spotted the supposedly slumbering pair down below and figuring that he was still unobserved he took the opportunity to stretch his back further. The resulting crack was enough that Alan could just make out Virgil visibly wincing when he cautiously unscrewed one eye to look across at him. Virgil tried valiantly to hide it with a snore. Alan buried his face into the crook of his elbow to stifle a giggle. He kept his face hidden in his shirt sleeve as he strained his ears to listen for Scotts retreating steps. Once he was sure Scott had moved on he sprang up onto his knees as the laughter escaped him.
“Oh God! I don't ever want to get OLD!” Alan cried between giggles.
“Hey, less of the old sprout, the age gaps aren't that big”
“Oh yeah, what did you want for your birthday - old man?”
He was knocked off his knees by a couch cushion bouncing off his head, but it didn't stop his laugher as Virgil got to his feet and attempted to storm off, but unconsciously let out an old man groan as he stood. He held up one warning finger.
“Don’t say a word, not a single word” Virgil all but growled as he continued his dignified departure.

Dear Rose,
I am writing these lines in haste so the letter may depart with the next ship. We have just arrived in Rio. The long voyage was very fine all in all, if a little boring. Do not laugh if I tell you I befriended the officers in despair! I do believe I have told you this before, but being a mere passenger, blissfully oblivious to the running of a ship, is a foreign feeling for me. Did Father not use to say a true sailor is never at ease when idling? I hated him whenever he said that, but I think I understand now. I do not know whether I was a true sailor in his eyes, or if I still am, but commanding a ship is a skill not easily forgotten.
It was not all melancholy, however. The rest of the passengers were pleasant enough to provide some measure of entertainment. And with James, of course, journeys are never dull: your old fool of a brother let himself be talked into some theatre, to no great acclaim. I am better suited for smaller roles in solemn plays; give me some fine, honest Shakespeare any day, instead of ill-conceived comedies!
The rest of my free time I employed in studying a Portuguese phrasebook that I purchased in London shortly before our departure. I am sorry to say I made very little progress: it is Latin lessons all over again, and you must remember how miserable I was in school back then. At least this time there will be no schoolmaster to terrorise me for my poor disposition for languages! James seems to think I will ease into it in a few months, but I do not share his optimism. As I am now, standing by the docks while I scribble this letter, I can hear the locals speaking around me, and I understand nothing at all. But I am rather tired from the journey, and the heat is terribly oppressive, so it all adds to my current bewilderment.
James believes he has some relations in this city, so I suppose he will call on them in the coming days. I will write more as soon as we are settled in a local inn. I long for a cold bath and a change of clothes.
I miss you all keenly, but you the most. Kiss the children for me, and send all my love to Mamma, Lottie, and Anne.
Yours,
Henry

P.S. Tell Charlie not to worry about the money, I settled all and any debts before I left England. He should have received a letter detailing it all by now.


Dear Rose,
I am finally more settled, a foreigner in a foreign land. Please be sure to send your letters to this address, as I have rented these rooms for the year. Now that I have a proper desk to write on, I can at last describe my surroundings to you.
Rio de Janeiro is a coastal city, though the sea here roars very unlike how it did in Devon. Do you remember when we lived in Torquay? I think I was around five by then. That was my first reference of the ocean that did not come from Father's tales, and no matter where I sailed thereafter (and by Jove, have I sailed!) I always compared the sea to those playful grey lashes that threatened to lick our bare feet - yours and mine. Here, the sea takes on a profound blue, veering to green as the waves break. The bay where the city lies has tamed their violence to some degree, enough to allow some adventurous bathing, but further down the coast they crash quite wildly, with an awe-inspiring unruliness that demands immediate reverence.
The steep mountains surrounding Rio de Janeiro stand as its most striking feature. I am told one may climb them if so inclined, though the heat is so very oppressive it would take a madman to attempt it. (If you must know, yes, indeed, we attempted it: James insisted, but I regret to say we did not ascend half-way before we had to turn back in defeat. I am sending you a sketch of my observations nevertheless.) When I say there are mountains, do not imagine a barren peak! The mountains here are covered in perpetual green, ripe and luscious like all of the indomitable jungle that surrounds us.
Most of the houses of Rio are but small cottages, including ours, and the roofs are thatched with dried palm leaves. As a consequence, one may reside in them without suffering too much from the heat. You would like them, I do believe. The sun is ever present. It only rains for a few hours a day, and then the sun returns, cheerful but relentless. At times, I miss the spectacles I wore in the Arctic to shield my eyes. I may just enquire about something similar in the shops here. My Portuguese is, alas, still very hopeless, but you will be happy to know my miming and my hand-signing have come a long way.
James was acquainted with his distant relations some weeks after we arrived. They welcomed him with a warmth that surprised me, considering the unusu his bir how long it has been. Why, for all purposes they were complete strangers until now. They are rather distinguished folk, I must say, and they have been gracious hosts whenever we have called on them. It is both comforting and disconcerting to find such a familiar social structure here in the middle of the wilderness - but Brazil is, after all, an Empire too. I hear there is to be a ball before the end of the month where James will be introduced to society, so to speak. I have no notion of what dances will be played, but I look forward to the occasion all the same. Anne would adore the fashion here: very much like what is the current rage back home, but made with lighter fabric and complemented with excessive jewelry.
I feel I have done a rather poor job at describing my current life here. To do it true justice, I would have to convey to you the multitude of sounds that surround me day and night. I am not yet certain whether they are birds, insects, or smaller beasts. The town is lively and full of music. Sometimes it seems no one ever sleeps at night. And the smells, Rosie! I have tasted a good dozen fruits I had never heard of, and their exquisite scent torments me whenever I walk by the market - or indeed, step into our garden. The land is so fertile, too fertile, and sweet fruits abound. I fear my poor teeth will suffer before long.
Now you be good and tell me everything, I am dying to hear from you and from everyone else.
Yours,
Harry.


My dearest Rose,
Imagine my delight when I received not one, but five letters from you all! I devoured them all at once, and I have re-read them many times. I recognised your handwriting at once when the messenger boy brought me the bundle of letters from the ship. I am so pleased to hear everyone is doing well, and I was quite touched to receive a letter from Pip: it has been years since we have written to one another, what with medical school and my expeditions of varying success. I have replied to everyone already, but saved your letter for last. The more palatable recount of my first three months here you may read in my letter to Mamma. As my oldest sister, you are entitled to the sordid minutiae of two young rowdy bachelors on the loose in South America. I wrote young, but had to cross it out: my fortieth birthday gallops ever closer now. Good God, when did we all grow so old? When I read all the letters, I was somewhat shocked to realise you are all married and settled, and that I have a multitude of nephews and nieces I've not yet kissed. Why, Anne is the baby and she is to be married! I trust your good judgment of her husband-to-be, following your last letter, but I cannot help but decry how young she is, or perhaps, what an absent older brother I have been all these years. I am glad Pip is a sensible fellow and will act the part just fine (though, as you know, I have always disapproved of his own choice of bride as well). All in all, I am a poor reference for match-making, am I not? I will defer to you, then, and wallow (quite happily, if you must know) in my own shameful entanglement.
I do think the terrible heat has finally grown on me. I may now spend most mornings and evenings without feeling like my skin will burn to a crisp, but the hours of midday remain an ordeal. It is fitting, indeed, that most of the life of the city occurs in the earliest hours of the mornings, when the sun is not yet relentless, and in the midday hours one may retreat to rest, eat, and even sleep. You will find me most decadent when I tell you I forego shirts entirely in the privacy of our house. Indeed aboard our old Clio this was a widespread practice amongst our men, and while James vaguely disapproved I turned a blind eye to it. In any case, once the sun begins setting, life resumes and gives way to dinners, balls, and the occasional theatre. I am most curious about their winter season, where apparently the climate is more bearable, but that is still months away just now. It will be a welcome respite to be sure.
To my surprise, James has not been spending as much time with his relations as I imagined he would. I think he finds it a little disconcerting to have such a large group as a family; you may recall he only had one brother growing up. They have been nothing but cordial to us, and they do not seem to find it in the least odd to acquire a long lost cousin coming all the way from England - I am under the impression they have witnessed far stranger circumstances. In fact, anyone coming from Europe is given the time of the day: I would describe us as exotic here, funny as it may sound to your ears. I was quite the sensation at the first ball, on account of my hair!
But I do feel quite at ease when we visit James's family, despite still not speaking a lick of Portuguese. I love the rowdiness of the younger children as they play in the large gardens of the estate. They have four enormous guinea pigs, as large as dogs, for pets. The capybaras, as they are called, graze by the nearby pond, so there is much playing to be done. I believe children's games are quite the same in England, in Brazil, in the Near-East, and anywhere in the world.
As for my own rowdiness, I will have you know the local liquor, made of sugar cane, is exquisite. The locals fashion a drink with lime or coconut, and it's so sweet-tasting you hardly notice when the alcohol hits - until it's too late, and you are unsteady like on a poorly-manned ship. The best moment to enjoy this drink is at sundown under the orange-tinted skies. The dances here vary from your usual ballroom steps to a scandalous gigue to the sound of beating drums that you (along with most sensible people) certainly would disapprove of. I have learnt the moves, but would not dare to dance with a woman in such a way for fear of being too forward. James, naturally, has not a care in the world, and is quite skilled at it. He is the one who taught me most moves in our house where no one sees, but I still refuse to perform in public. What a prude I've become!
We managed at last to climb up that local mountain after much suffering. I am sending you an updated sketch, as well as a few of the animals I have observed so far. I hope you will agree that the capybaras are adorable.
I am deliriously happy, my dear Rose. I know you disapprove of my reckless decision, and I love you for worrying, but I do not regret it one bit.
Yours,
Henry


Dear Rose,
This is just a short letter to accompany the one for everyone else. I was eager to tell you my Portuguese is getting better, likely on account of our wonderful valet who does not speak a word of English: he was accommodating when I pointed and nodded, and he taught some words to me with the patience of Job. I thought it providential to have a native speaker to support me. Well, I just found out from James it is no Providence at all: had we wanted an English-speaking servant, we should have had to buy a slave! I have not mentioned this in my past letters on account on the disgust it causes me, but slavery is sadly still prevalent here. I think in my initial excitement I may have glossed out or indeed omitted the most unpleasant aspects of our stay in my letters to you.
As you may recall, after the Aberdeen Act, the British Navy began pursuing Brazilian traders in the high seas (and, I am told, quite close to the coast on occasion), but this has done little to deter the trade. At least public opinion is slowly turning the tide, but in the meantime the practice is unfortunately very widespread. I am told the Empire (the Empire of Brazil, that is) is keen to avoid any conflict with Britain, especially over this matter.
I have written to you about commonplace beatings in the Royal Navy, and I hardly ever stopped to consider whether it was fair to our men then. I never would have thought to question it. I took great pride in never having been whipped myself. (Can you imagine? I would have died of shame at the thought of Father hearing of it!) But there is a fine line between disciplining men who receive wages and joined the Navy willingly, and quite another to abuse men entirely at your mercy, cruelly, with no possible legal recourse or protection. Isn't there? I do not know what to think anymore. I may have been too harsh then, especially to the younger sailors. I do not know that regrets are of any use now.
But I am relieved to find that James shares my evident reluctance to engage in slavery in any way. The young groom receives his wages and does not live with us, but instead comes in and out during the day to assist us. I worried about his discretion at first, given some of our less than savoury pastimes, but if my intuition proves right he is loyal to us for now. I am still cautious around him - yes, I know, yes, I will be careful, my darling sister. In any case, if we are to keep only paid servants, I suppose I will soon have to find a worthwhile pursuit to keep the finances running, as they are substantial but not finite. I may have planned this venture very poorly, but I do beg you to spare me your I-told-you-sos.
I am sending you a pressed flower with my letter. Its fragrance may not survive the long journey to your hands, but I have some hope that it might. The locals call it Ipē. The trees bloom all at once in bright yellow, and when the flowers fall they cover the ground like soft, feathered snow.
Do forgive me, James is feverish from an insect bite (nothing to worry about, the physician tells me), and I think that has dampened my mood considerably and made my letter quite grumpy. Kiss the children for me and tell them their uncle loves them dearly.
Yours,
Harry


My dearest Rose,
The days are slowly becoming less warm. At first I thought my constitution had improved, but the change in temperature grew more evident as time went on. Why, it's nearly pleasant now, as pleasant as our summers in Devon! I have been enquiring about some farm to begin our settling here in earnest, but instead of being reasonable, James has got it in his head that he wants to explore the country now that the heat has subsided. To be entirely fair, I am far from a boring old man, and I will gladly join him, especially considering the wealth of wondrous animals we are to encounter on our little adventure.
We have therefore been busy with the preparations for the journey. I have put exceeding care into choosing trustworthy, experienced guides. James's old nurse, who is still living, has recommended some fine men so far and I am glad to say I can now converse with them, but still haltingly. If I may digress, Lígia (the nurse)'s meals are the most marvelous I have ever had in my life, and you know I've traveled far and wide! The spices she uses, the flavours she conjures: truly a feast! I have grown quite fond of her, and I completely understand why James was and is so attached to her. She will look after the house in our absence, and I am ashamed to say she will take care of it far better than we ever did.
The locals speak of an enormous waterfall to the west, some three weeks away, perhaps faster if one does part of the journey ahorse - though mules are far more common for longer ventures. I am tempted, very tempted, to listen to James and extend our foraging in that direction. I hope you will forgive the sudden absence of my letters in the next two months or so. I am of a mind to keep a little journal I may send to you when we return.
Yours,
Henry


EXCERPT FROM THE PERSONAL JOURNAL OF H.T.D LE VESCONTE


July 19

The ruined monastery appeared in the distance with the first lights of dawn. We were so exhausted last evening, and so entreated with building our camp before the sun set, that we did not notice the ruins - barely visibly in the inescapable green of the jungle. Our night was restful, at least; no beasts disturbed our sleep. Pedro seems to think we have left the jaguar's territory. That was too close a danger, for all of James's bravado; we are no longer those hardy, healthy young men who had no fear in their bones. I have made it clear to Pedro that our return should best steer clear of said territory.
And yet.
The brief glimpse of that magnificent creature awoke within me a memory I thought long forgotten. Cheshire, my dear old cheetah! It has been nearly a decade, but how I loved him, and how it broke my heart to leave him behind. Though the jaguar had a stockier, more muscular build, and its golden eyes flashed only hostility - the wondrous black and yellow of his fur reminded me so keenly of our poor cheetah. It was not the time for reminiscing, however, and I dare say we were very lucky indeed to escape unscathed.
The monastery seems to be but a day's journey away; we should reach it before tonight and make our camp there. Pedro believes no jaguars or pumas should approach us there; the ancient town, while ruined, is much too human, too bright, too open for the liking of these beasts accustomed to the shadows of the trees. The Jesuits settled there some two hundred years ago, but were ousted by political maneuvers last century. And so their otherwise flourishing abodes were abandoned, and the natives returned to their jungle as well. I read about all this in Sao Paulo shortly before we left.
I will be glad to have a roof under my head tonight, however ruinous it may be, and will feel much more capable of defending James there from any wild surprises. He would be outraged to find that I think this, but I also know his eyesight and his firearm pulse are not what they used to be.
Christ above, sometimes I think we are very foolish to run headfirst into danger once again. But then he smirks, and I cannot imagine another fate for us.
The waterfall must be very near. A constant rumbling is heard in the distance, and near the horizon, a disquieting mist rises to the sky as if it were smoke.

x

July 20

What a day we've had indeed!
I was keeping this journal to send it to Rose, but I fear I will have to tear off these pages if it is ever to be in her hands. But Heaven knows I cannot help myself, not when I am watching James sleep so peacefully against my thigh, adrift in dreams I cannot venture into, surrounded by the hissing cacophony of the jungle.
We reached the monastery well before sundown yesterday. For a building eighty years in disrepair, it has fared quite well. Some of the houses are still moderately habitable - perhaps we've been in the jungle so long that any framing feels like a luxury! After a thorough search for snakes, James and I chose a ruined but still habitable chapel, for ourselves, and Pedro and Joaõ chose another building. We dined most splendidly on the caitatu we caught earlier.
But then the guides expressed a wish to visit their family, a native village, some two hours to the North. Loath as I was to lose their arms and their protection, even for just a few hours, I agreed to it on the condition that they return before sunset. I watched them leave this morning with dread in my heart, wondering what would become of us two if they decided not to return. I would have spent a day tense like a coil about to snap, brooding in my newly discovered helplessness, had James not been in one of his moods. I still hesitate to commit the events of today to these pages, though it would not be the first time my depravity leads me to recount our filthy inclinations.
The guides had scarcely been gone an hour, and I was busying myself with finding a suitable spot not only to guard the camp, but also to hunt unsuspecting game, when James quipped:
"Well, old boy, it seems we are left to our own devices."
Something in his tone made me glance at him in disbelief: that low, playful waver I have grown to know and love.
"Don't you start," I told him, hesitant to play along despite the immediate longing that roused inside me. "We must be alert."
"And alert we will be! After I am finished with you. It's been too long, Henry, too long since I've had my lips on you."
"That is a very persuasive manner of making love to me," I told him, "but the jaguars nearby will profit the most from our inattentiveness."
"Damn the jaguars!" he cried with a laugh, impishly, irresistible. "Damn the guides! I have never wanted you more than now."
I drew nearer, lost already, flattered and charmed by his eagerness like I always am.
"Never?" I said. "Not even in China? Not even in India?"
"What did I know back then?" he said, and rolled his eyes. "I was but a petulant child."
I bit back a reply that he very much still was. We were close enough by then that he could grab me by my poor old tattered shirt and pull me against him.
"If you ruin that," I warned him, "there will be hell to pay."
And he, mischievous creature, deliberately pulled harder until he ripped the fabric of the shirt. It was so worn out by then he had only to pull a little. Still, I gasped in disbelief and seized his hands - playfully, yes, but also with intent.
"I see how it is," I told him, and he grinned at me, knowing he had won.
What can I possibly say about James that I haven't yet said, after all these years? The thrill always remains; the sheer pleasure of undressing him; the satisfaction to see him shudder at my touch. When we were younger, I wanted to devour him, keep him to myself, eat him whole, possess his entire being! I am no longer as frantic or destructive, neither of us is; yet I am always left with a deep craving to draw out every second of our encounters, perhaps on account of the secrecy that must always surround us. Our love was planted in the ocean, blossomed in the desert, burned so brightly in the ice that it was nearly reduced to ashes; so it is fitting, in a way, that the indomitable jungle safeguarded our rekindled passion in all of its dark and luminous recesses.
These thoughts strike me now, of course, now that it is all over and that we are to sleep, but in that moment my mind was entirely focused on drawing pleasure out of him, struggling even as he reached to stroke me over my muddied trousers. James can be terribly selfish in bed, but I must admit his fascination with pricks, with my prick, makes it all worthwhile indeed. Here he was, pulling it out, stroking it, squeezing it, teasing, playing, and distracting me entirely from my attempts of undressing him. I settled for uncovering his shoulder; one shoulder I could kiss and suck on and even bite as I slipped my hand in his trousers. We frigged each other for a good while, with hard brisk strokes as we always do, and I think we both realised at the same time that we had no need for expediency or secrecy in this remote location.
"Come to bed," he said.
I raised an eyebrow in disbelief. "In the old chapel?"
He grinned. "I am not Catholic," he said, and led me there.
The sorry state of what had once been a place of prayer added to the depravity. No crosses remained, but one could still discern the altar, and the broken vitrals let in the blinding light of the jungle to form an artificial rainbow. Our modest bedding was still on the floor where we had left it in the morning. I kicked the linen around in case any critters happened to hide while we were away, and rid myself of what little clothes I was still wearing. Seeing James fully unclothed, exposed on top of the blankets, gave me a wicked idea. I reached for our basket of mangabas, the delicious fruit Joaõ had collected on the way here.
"Don't you dare," he said, but his gaze was secretly delighted.
"You did ruin my shirt," I told him, and began squeezing the ripe fruits on his bare thighs. The pulpy juice dripped down enthusiastically, and he squirmed.
"The ants will eat me alive!"
"I will be very thorough, my darling," I said, and sank between his spread legs.
The sweet scent of the mangabas, mixed with the musky sweat of his thighs was enough to drive me mad. For a good ten minutes I licked and sucked the fruit off the soft, most sensitive parts of his thighs, delighting in the sound in his helpless gasps as I held him firmly in place. Only I knew how to draw those sounds out of him, only I could handle him like this, only I was privy to the taste of him. This knowledge alone increased my own pleasure.
"Henry," he moaned after an exquisite while, begging for mercy already, "please. Please!"
I emerged from between his thighs to press a kiss to his belly, and my lips still sticky from the fruit left a lovely imprint by his belly button.
"I will not bugger you," I told him regretfully. "There is nothing to ease my way in."
"That has not stopped you before." He grabbed a handful of my hair. "Your spit will do."
"No," I said. "You need to be in perfect condition to continue our journey to the waterfall. I will not have you uncomfortable on my account."
He laughed then; a hearty, beautiful laugh that made me press more kisses to his lower belly, where the light fuzz began.
"Harry," he said, deathly serious in spite of his earlier laughter, "if you do not fuck me right this instant I will be very uncomfortable indeed."
"As you wish," I said, and spit.
He was right; it was not the first time. I still took exceeding care to enter him gently, silencing my own passion to spare him any future discomfort. He stayed tight around me for a maddening long time, but little by little I broke his natural defenses until I felt him at last bearing down to let me in.
"God, James," I think I mumbled when I finally slid inside him.
I only remember his face as I pushed inside him over and over, wide-eyed pain making way for that filthy grin I so love. I could have done this for days. It was over much too soon, and not by my doing: I reached down between us and teased him too much, along with my harder thrusts into him. He spilt his seed in my hand with a shudder of pleasure and a cry - the copious discharge explaining his earlier keenness. But I was not done with him yet; I fucked him more and more until his nails on my shoulders began digging their way into my skin and, breathless, he begged me to finish.
Spent and content, I made to lie down next to him on the blankets as if in a daze. And that is when I saw the jaguar in the shadows, watching us. It was not more than an instant: by the time I sprang to my feet and reached for the rifle, the golden eyes had disappeared.
"What?" James asked, oblivious.
I was tempted, for a brief moment, to tell him nothing, and to return to the warm filth of our improvised bed. But we were only two, and I ruefully admitted to having seen the jaguar.
"Bah," he said, with his customary flippancy. "I would venture that we have nothing to worry about. We have amply marked our territory with our emissions."
While I laughed, I was no less tense, and did not let go of the rifle. An unpleasant memory began digging its way from where I had long buried it: another landscape entirely, wildly different weather, but the same feeling of isolation and of being watched by a vicious predator. That goddamned beast in the Arctic had done a number on me; here I was in the tropics, still terrorised by it and seeing its manifestations in an ordinary (?) jaguar.
"Was he watching us mate, you think?" James asked, interrupting my darker thoughts with his bizarre musings.
"Maybe," I said, puzzled by the question.
He elaborated, "Does he now think I'm your bitch?"
I could not help laughing, despite the danger. "Would that be far from the truth?" I teased.
"Not at all," he said with a grin, hair tousled, thoroughly fucked, covered in his own seed and filled with mine. I was quite taken with that look on him.
We took turns with the rifles while the other cleaned up in the river, but the jaguar did not show himself again. I would like to say we spent a most sensible evening, alert and ready to fight, but alas, we returned to bed; and forgot to eat and to drink; and spent the afternoon in a contented stupor only interrupted by further lovemaking - until the guides returned, alas, and we became respectable once more.

x


Dear Rose,
I am very happy to hear you enjoyed reading my diary and all of our adventures. I must apologise again for the missing pages, but they were so thoroughly ruined in the waterfall that I assure you they became illegible. Luckily my sketches did make it unscathed - I wish I were an artist, to send you a better rendering of the magnificent Iguaçu in watercolours. I also wish you had been there yourself, but the journey was so hazardous I fear that the wondrous waterfall will remain hidden from the world; perhaps for ever. I did have ample time to reflect how the jungle, despite being furiously alive all around us, at times felt just as isolating as the dreadful nothingness of the Arctic. Save one fever or another, I am relieved this particular journey ended better than that one.
When Rio de Janeiro came at last into view in the horizon, after so many months away, I was surprised to find myself looking forward to home - in Rio. I have been working hard trying to find that home ever since we returned from the falls. James is, of course, dreaming up the next wild adventure, but I have my eyes set on a farm just outside of town - a fazenda, as they are called. I very much doubt we will be able to obtain any profits, especially if competing with the larger, slave-manned farms, but the cottage is most charming, and I do think we will make do. I will write to you as soon as it is settled.
Yours,
Henry


Dear Rose,
I hope this book finds you well. It is a collection of poems that is quite the rage here. It is a scandal, truth to be told. It sadly is written in Portuguese, but I am certain you will appreciate it even more knowing that there is talk of it being banned here. Fear not, it is nothing vulgar or lascivious, but the young lady who wrote them was perhaps too forward in her admiration of the masculine sex for the local sensibilities. I am sending you a copy hoping you will treasure it quite well until the storm settles here. And no, of course, I do not know who the scandalous author ("Jasmim") is, or why they were crazy enough to publish love poems instead of being reasonable and having a bit of peace for once. I must admit, however, that the gesture was quite sweet, if a little reckless. The recipient is besotted like a schoolboy.
Yours,
Henry


Dear Rose,
Just a quick note to add to my letter to Mamma. How is this for a bit of gossip? Lígia's daughter, Isaura, showed up at our house in tears with an infant in tow. A child out of wedlock is a terribly commonplace occurrence hereabouts, but the scoundrel would hear nothing of his child and abandoned them in nearby Paraty, so she had nowhere else to turn but to her mother. James was gracious enough to let her stay with us - then was impish enough to suggest to let the rumour run that the child was his; we have been here for just over a year, after all. This disconcerted me at first (your brother is a fool, Rose!) and I made a bit of a scene until James reminded me, quite forcefully, of where his affections lie. The row was stupid, and I may have agreed to claim the child as mine instead. You see, as Lígia was James's nurse, he is Isaura's milk-brother, which would make it twice as scandalous in the eyes of society. James was, of course, doubly delighted - but I was too stubborn to back down by then.
So our little peace has been quite disturbed of late by the cries of the babe - an adorable little girl, and I do not tire of trying to make her smile. You may have accidentally become an aunt, my dear. If you aren't too mad, I may have to name her after you.
Yours,
Harry


Dear Rose,
I have finally settled the purchase of the fazenda I told you about some months ago. I am charmed, quite charmed with it, and very pleased with myself that I managed to close down the deal. Soon we will be able to start farming sugar cane. We all moved in last week, Lígia, Isaura, baby Rosaura, James, and I. The cottage itself is fairly large, enough to have quarters for each one of us, a nursery, a dining room, a sitting room, servant quarters, stables, and a charming parlour that opens into a roofed terrace. I feel quite the country gentleman - at long last, and do not laugh at me!!
A herd of capybaras came to watch us settle in, and I was quick to feed them some sugar to befriend them. It worked: they have stayed nearby so far, and I could not be happier. I do not remember if I told you, but James brought two parrots back from the waterfall journey, so we are quite on the way to starting a little menagerie on our grounds. Pity the jaguars are carnivorous, or I would be trying to tame a little one - that is a lesson I learnt well (James would say, "Did you?" and roll his eyes.).
I am attaching a brief sketch of our fazenda. I wish you could come visit me and scold me to your heart's content.
Ever yours,
Harry




Fundy wasn’t a bitter person.

He may have been hurt and betrayed by everyone he cared about.

He might have nightmares about all the people who have left him.

But he’s not bitter.

He’s not.

Bitter is like that candy bar Wilbur had given Tommy one night.

Bitter is more like the early coffee that Eret persuaded Wilbur to try.

Bitter is something like that time Wilbur and Niki had ended up with mouthfuls of leaves because of Tommy and Tubbo’s prank.

Fundy 
    wasn’t
   bitter.

But he was alone.

He rather hated that fact.

And when people 
    were
   around they wanted something from him.

He’d learned that the hard way.

(After all, who’d actually want to marry him anyways?)

Which is why HBomb was confusing to him.

That isn’t to say that Fundy found the man’s presence bearable, not even in the slightest.

But HBomb didn’t seem to care about L’Manberg’s drama.

He built games for anyone to play.

He pulled the same stupid maid costume prank more times than he had brain cells.

HBomb didn’t care that he was the son of a crazy man.

Fundy had heard that the man 
    preferred him
   for the maid prank.

No one wanted him.

For 
    anything.

It’s was stupid.

It was a 
    prank
  .

But when was the last time someone had spent an entire hour with him because they wanted to hang out with him?

And it wasn’t just a 
    one time
   fluke.

“Come on! It’s a good bit!”

HBomb cackled as Fundy slammed the door in his face.

“Go away, HBomb! Your hour is up! Go 
    away
  !” He yelled, back pressed against the door to prevent the other man from getting in.

(
    Don’t leave me alone
  )

Fundy slid down the door when the silence persisted.

(
    I don’t like being alone
  )

“What if I just wanted to hang out with you?” HBomb’s voice was muffled. It sounded like his face was pressed against the door, like a weirdo. “No maid costume or weird bit.”

Fundy thought his heart had given out for a moment before HBomb knocked on the door.

“Come on!” The man pleaded on the other side. “We could go make a maze to trick people into! Or we could trap the prime path!”

(
    No one wanted Fundy
  )

(
    Right?
  )

Fundy flung the door open, sending HBomb to the ground with a startled shout.

“D-Do you mean that?”

HBomb frowned as he rubbed his nose which was now covered in dirt. “Mean what? Build a maze?” He got to his feet and dusted off his pants. “We can do that if you want. Makes sense for a clever fox to want to build a clever maze.”

(
    What does he want?
  )

“J-Just hanging out?” Fundy’s tail curled around his leg. “Y-You want to hang out . . . with m-me?” The fox hybrid frowned, ears twitching. “Why- Why would you want to- to do that?”

A flash of some emotion flashed across HBomb’s face but it was gone before Fundy could identify it. The man grinned, holding out a hand to shake. “I need a partner in crime!”

“Crime?” Fundy didn’t like the sound of that.

HBomb sighed dramatically. “My games are challenging, sure, but I need to up my gaming.” He clapped. “And that’s where 
    you
  , my clever Fox pal, come in!”

(
    Someone needs me
  )

The man pulled out a block of white concrete. “I was thinking of making a maze out of concrete, but was struggling to come up with a good design.” HBomb grinned. “I thought you would be the perfect man for the job.”

(
    Someone actually wants me
  )

“And you want my help . . . for free?” Fundy felt his tail twitch against his leg, but he was too focused on remaining standing.

Hbomb gave him a grin, an eyebrow raised. “Well, yeah.” He shrugged, as if he wasn’t destroying Fundy’s understanding of the universe. “I was thinking it’d be fun to just hang out as friends. We don’t 
    have to
   build a maze if you don’t want to.”

(
    Friends!)

“Me?” Fundy repeated.

(
    Why?
  )

“Of course!” The man grinned at him, eyes alight with mischief. “The ultimate prank featuring a team up with the funniest people there are!”

(
    Does it matter why? I want this, even if it’s just a dream that will eventually fade)

Fundy found himself agreeing. “The maze should have trap doors over pits of lava.”

“I like the way you think, my friend.” HBomb laughed. “Let’s make some plans!”

-

Fundy hadn’t been ignoring Wilbur.

He had just been busy with his project with HBomb.

He wasn’t trying to run away from anything.

Still, when Wilbur called out his name, Fundy froze as he nearly dropped the stack of trap doors he was carrying. “Fundy! There you are!”

Gritting his teeth, Fundy continued walking, ignoring Wilbur.

“Wait! Fundy!” Wilbur called.

Curse Wilbur and his stupidly long legs.

The man placed hands on his shoulders and came in for an awkward side hug. “How’s my little champion doing? We haven’t had the chance to catch up yet!”

Fundy didn’t bother giving him a reply, shrugging off the arm around his shoulder and picking up the pace.

“Fundy?”

He didn’t stop until he was inside the maze, the tall jungle wood walls blocking the outside world from view.

(
    From viewing me
  )

“You alright, Fundy?”

Spinning and dropping the trap doors as he swung out with his sword, Fundy yelped in surprise.

HBomb held up his hands, and gave him a sheepish grin. “Sorry! Didn’t mean to startle you.”

Fundy muttered an apology, tucking his sword away with trembling hands.

“You’re all good dude!” HBomb threw an arm around his shoulder, giving him a quick side hug before stooping down to pick up the trap doors. “Thanks for grabbing the trap doors! I don’t have any acacia wood on me right now.”

For all intents and purposes, Fundy was frozen in place.

Warmth spread under his skin from where HBomb had hugged him.

Wilbur had 
    literally
   done the exact same thing only minutes ago.

Why was . . .

Why was that one different?

HBomb must have noticed his silence, as he paused climbing up the ladder, stepping back on the ground as he set down the stack and walked over to him. “You alright?”

He placed his hands on Fundy’s shoulders, and the fox hybrid couldn’t help it when his ears twitched and his tail began to sway. “Oh!”

HBomb’s eyes widened and he quickly removed his hands. “I didn’t ask if you-!”

An embarrassing squeak came out of him as he grabbed HBomb’s hand. “I-I don’t-” Fundy quickly dropped the hand. “Sorry. I, uh . . .”

His tail curled around his leg as he looked away, ears laying as flat as he could make them. “Just wasn’t expecting . . .”

(
    Casual affection without any strings attached?
  )

HBomb let out a small laugh, hitting the bill of his hat down before turning back to the stack he had set down, ignoring Fundy’s squawk of protest. “Don’t worry about it, man.”

How could he be so . . . so 
    casual
   about it?

(
    He isn’t emotionally stunted?
  )

“Wh-What other ugly looking block should we incorporate into the maze?” Fundy stumbled over to the ladder to follow behind the other man. “Jungle wood mixed with acacia is a good start, but what other combinations are horrendous?”

It was strange working on a build with HBomb.

The man didn’t stop cracking jokes, but there was a looseness in his stance, a sort of lightness that he carried around with him.

He didn’t demand Fundy help him with anything, or even suggest that Fundy was 
    supposed
   to be doing anything.

Stupid lumberjack was also infuriatingly longsuffering as Fundy blundered or stumbled through sentences or explanations.

The two of them were sitting side by side on the top of the maze walls as the sun set when HBomb asked, “What happened on your way to get the trap doors?”

He bumped shoulders with Fundy and laughed when Fundy clung to the wall tighter and spat a few choice words at him. “You just came back so tense, and I was wondering if anything happened.”

Fundy pulled his knees up against his chest, tail curling around him as he fought to keep his ears from falling. “Ran into Wilbur.”

HBomb made a sound of understanding.

“Idiot probably wanted something.” Fundy remarked bitterly, claws digging into his arms. “Might have tried dragging me into starting a nation or a new war again.”

He huffed, tail curling tighter. “I don’t know, and I don’t care.”

The only sound that filled the air was the chirping of twilight birds and crickets coming to life.

Once again, it was HBomb that broke the silence. “Then why does he get to ruin your day?”

“What?”

“If you don’t care, then why does Wilbur get to determine how your day goes?” HBomb repeated. “Wilbur can’t control your day.” He shrugged. “You do.”

Fundy huffed. “Easier said than done.”

Poking him in the side, HBomb laughed at Fundy’s offended squeak. “How would you know? You haven’t even tried yet.”

“What do you mean by 
    that
  ?!” His protests raised in pitch, but HBomb didn’t seem to even flinch at his shout.

The man just poked him again with a grin. “You are just grumpy!”

Tail flicking in agitation, Fundy smacked his hand aside. “Shut up! No I’m not!”

“I could just call you moody if you want.” HBomb snickered. “Don’t get your tail in a twist.”

Fundy huffed and tugged his tail closer. “It’s not in a twist.”

“Just a phrase, Vos.” HBomb nudged him with a playful smile. “An idiom if you will.”

“I’m 
    not
   an idiot!”

“Not what that means!”

“Well 
    you’re
   an idiom!”

“Still not what it means!”

Fundy found that he rather preferred hanging around HBomb.

In spite of the infamous maid prank, HBomb was probably one of the most tolerable people on the server.

(
    Isn’t it the other way around?
  )

If he were being completely honest, Fundy rather enjoyed their new routine.

Ignore budding nations and brewing wars.

Work on redstone contraptions that move walls and activate traps.

Build more of the offensive-to-the-eyes block palette.

His day was rather simple.

Avoid Wilbur all day, work on the maze with HBomb, sit together at the end of the day on top of the maze walls, and then go home.

Of course, only his family would ever want to ruin it all for him.

“Fundy!” Phil called, waving as he held his hat down with the other hand. “There you are!”

The fox hybrid huffed, swinging his axe again against the acacia tree, but not moving other than a few ear twitches.

“We’ve been looking for you everywhere, mate!”

(
    We?
  )

“Fundy!”

He winced at his biological father’s shout, covering his ears with his hands and leaving the ax in the trunk of the tree.

He turned to glare at the two men.

When the two stood side by side it was easy to spot the differences.

It was rather apparent.

But there were some similarities.

The same posture, authority, and the same smile.

It didn’t matter though.

Fundy shook off his thoughts and retrieved his ax.

He had come so far out to get the acacia in hopes of not running into anyone.

(
    HBomb went to the jungle to get the jungle wood so I wouldn’t have to
  )

“How did you find me?” Fundy asked as he began retrieving all the wood he had chopped that far. “I thought I was getting pretty good at avoiding your attention.”

(
    Or love
  )

Wilbur frowned, but Philza only sighed.

“Fundy, we aren’t here to fight with you.” Phil pulled something out of his inventory.

It was a rolled up piece of parchment secured by green looking twine.

“It’s from Sally.” Wilbur offered.

(
    It’s from mom?
  )

Handling the scroll carefully, Fundy stared at it with wide eyes for a moment before grinning and taking off.

“Where are you going?!”

Fundy carelessly tossed back over his shoulder, “To tell my friend!”

He was practically bounding with excitement, tail waving behind him as he lept and chittered excitedly to himself.

HBomb was working away on one of the outer walls when he came up, too excited for words.

“What’s up, Vos?” HBomb laughed, jumping off the wall and brushing his pants off. “You seem rather excited.”

Fundy held up the paper and began to chatter excitedly, clicks working their way in with happy little sqeaks.

Laughing, HBomb sat down on the groundas Fundy continued to dance around and pounce. “You’re acting really adorably right now, Fundy, but I have absolutely no idea what you’re saying.”

Fundy blinked, pausing.

(
    Am I a Fox right now?
  )

Looking down he sat, and set the scroll down, freeing his mouth.

He was, in fact, a fox.

He hadn’t meant to shift.

“Want me to read that for you?” HBomb pointed at the paper. “You don’t have to shift back.”

Fundy studied the paper for a moment before nodding and standing. Picking up the page again he trotted over to HBomb before dropping it in his friend’s lap and laying down beside him. He let out an affirmative chirp.

HBomb laughed as he picked up the scroll. “I guess that's a yes.”

He carefully unknotted the twine before setting it on the ground in front of Fundy.

(
    Smells like dried seaweed
  )

HBomb unrolled the page before letting out a sneeze.

“Whew! Sorry! Did not expect that much dust from this piece of paper.”

Fundy nipped lightly at his knee and HBomb nodded. “Sorry, yes. It says . . .”

The man squinted at the words for a moment before he began reading out loud. “Dear Fry - 
    that’s adorable
   - I hope you are doing well. Tommy sends me letters all the time about all the amazing and crazy schemes you come up with. You have a brilliant mind, Love. You are going to do amazing things. Trust your dreams. Fundy, you can see things for what they really are. You’re a clever little fox. Stay safe. I love you. Signed Mum.”

Fundy pawed at the ground in front of him thoughtfully.

(
    My dreams?
  )

“You want to go up on the walls?” BHomb nudged him lightly. “The sun’s starting to go down.”

Looking up, sure enough, there was the setting sun.

Fundy stood, stretching as his human body popped. “Sorry.” He stretched. “Didn’t mean to do that. I don’t normally shift.”

HBomb grinned as he handed Fundy the letter. “You should do it more often if it makes you feel better, Vos.” He motioned for Fundy to follow. “Besides, can you imagine the pranks we could pull when you’re a fox?”

Fundy followed with a snicker, grip tight on the parchment.

(
    What if I don’t want my dreams to be right?
  )

“See things for what they are.” He repeated to himself.

(
    If that’s true then why do I keep falling for it?
  )

“Come on, Funds! You’re gonna’ be old and gray by the time you get up here at this rate!”

He tucked the letter away. “I’m hurrying! Don’t get your dress in a bunch!”

“I’m not even wearing my maid costume right now! We were just supposed to be hanging out!”

Fundy sat down beside HBomb with a huff. “You got a head start, it wasn’t fair!”

“You’re just upset because I won!”

“It wasn’t a competition.”

“For not being a competition, you’re rather obsessed about who won.”

“Shut up!”

“If you had just wanted to watch the sunset in silence you could have just asked, Vos.”

“That’s not what I meant and you know it.”

“Maybe. But it’s way more fun this way.”

“You’re a 
    pain
  .”

HBomb snickered and nudged him. “You love me anyways though.”

(
    But how could you love me so easily? No one else can
  )

He didn’t say anything for a moment, fidgeting with his tail. “A-Are we-?” Fundy cut himself off, ducking as his ears fell flat. “Are we friends, HBomb?”

“I sure hope so.” HBomb nudged him again. “It’d be a little awkward if I had spent pretty much an entire month with a random fox building a maze.”

“But are we friends?” Fundy pressed.

(
    I need to hear it. Please
  )

“Fundy.” HBomb turned to face him, face serious. “You are my friend. That’s all I want. We aren’t business partners or politicians.” The lumberjack shrugged. “We’re just Fundy and HBomb. Two friends who decided to build the most agonizing maze together.”

Fundy noticed it this time when he shifted into a fox.

He slowly moved until he was laying beside HBomb, ears alert and tail tensed.

“Have I told you about my brilliant prank idea for Bad and Skeppy’s house?” HBomb’s hand moved slowly, and began to scratch behind Fundy’s ears.

(
    This is friendship? I . . . I like it
  )

Fundy melted, curling closer to HBomb’s side with a content chitter as he listened.

(
    I like this kind of love
  )

It always seemed to be their sunset conversations that brought them closer.

Only a week had passed since the letter, and the jungle/acacia section had been completed, and they started talking about dreams.

“I’m serious!”

Fundy couldn’t stop his laughter. “A 
    glass dome?
  ”

“Come on, Vos!” HBomb nudged him with a grin. “Tell me you haven’t ever wanted to build something underwater!”

He snorted. “I have. But not an entire 
    city
  .”

HBomb laughed and nudged him playfully with his shoulder. “Come on! Now you have to tell me what 
    your
   favorite dream is!”

“I’m sorry.” Fundy snorted. “I don’t think anything can beat yours. I mean - an underwater civilization?”

HBomb rolled his eyes. “We’re not comparing sizes, I was just asking what 
    your
   favorite dream was.”

Fundy smacked him in the arm. “Dude!”

The man snickered, but waited patiently for his answer.

Fundy looked away nervously, gnawing on his lip for a moment. “You have to promise me you won’t laugh.”

“I promise.” He held up two fingers in a salute.

Exhaling thickly, Fundy played with the tip of his tale. “It’s, uh, this dream about a turnip-radish-man.” He could already feel his cheeks warming. “A-And he’s clever and - just, 
    so incredibly genuine
  .” Fundy tugged his tail closer as he astutely avoided HBomb’s gaze. “He’s strong and resourceful, and he doesn’t lie.”

Neither one of them said anything for a moment, his last words just hanging in the air.

“He sounds like an amazing guy, Vos.” HBomb nudged him with a small smile. “And that sounds like an amazing dream. Maybe one day it’ll come true.”

Fundy scoffed, but he could feel the tension flowing off his shoulders.

HBomb hadn’t laughed or made fun of him.

“You’re a good friend, H.”

The man blinked in surprise, eyes wide.

Fundy looked away again, ears twitching in embarrassment. “It’s just, I don’t think anyone else on this Herobrine of a server really cares about anyone but themselves.”

(
    I’m glad I was wrong)

“Just- thanks for not laughing.”

HBomb exhaled heavily. “Can I hit Wilbur with an anvil?”

“What?!”

“Can I hit your sperm donor with an anvil.”

“I heard you the first time!”

“Can I?”

“No?! You can’t go around throwing anvils at anyone!”

“But he really messed up as a dad and hurt you.”

“That doesn’t mean he deserves an anvil to the head.”

“Agree to disagree.”

“H, promise me you aren’t going to try and ambush Wilbur with an anvil.”

“Trust me, it won’t be an ambush. He’s going to know it’s coming.”

“You don’t even have enough iron.”

“Bet.”

Fundy rather liked having a friend like HBomb.

He wasn’t expected to do or 
    be
   anything.

It wasn’t some sort of deal, or partnership.

HBomb just . . . was 
    there
  .

No diamonds or grand schemes.

Just pranks and hanging out.

It was like being a kid again, only without the messy politics.

“Hey, H?” Fundy brought one of his knees up to his chest. “Why did you want to be my friend?”

HBomb didn’t say anything for a moment, the look on his face one of concentration Fundy knew. “You were alone and sad.”

That was that.
Shouta’s Sunday morning started before the sun rose enough to shine into the bedroom to gently ease him from his slumber and it was to excessive knocking coming from his front door.
“Whoever is on the other side of that door,” Shouta muttered, pressing his face into the thick part of Hizashi’s hair, hating every second that the knocking continues and he’s pulled further out of the realm of sleep that he had been drifting comfortably in, “is expelled. I don’t care if the dorms are on fire. If one of my brats are on the other side of that door, I’m expelling them. And then killing them. And then setting their corpse on fire.” It was Sunday. Sunday. He didn’t have to get out of bed until eight on Sundays to get ready for Midoriya and Shinsou’s Underground lessons at nine. His hell spawn should know better by now than to wake him up if he’s sleeping. They’ve known him for an entire semester. They should know how much he values his sleep.
Which must mean it’s something serious. Shouta is already pulling himself out of Hizashi’s arms even though his grumbles. The knocks are persistent but Shouta can’t sense any true urgency in them that there would be in a true emergency. He had time to get dressed, at the very least.
Hizashi yawned and pulled a strand of Shouta’s hair out of his mouth that must’ve ended up there at some point during the night. He rubbed at his eyes cutely with one hand and smacks the bedside table blindly to find his glasses with his other. “If it’s one of mine, tell them I’ll be out in a few minutes,” he mumbled tiredly. “Just, just g’nna get ‘ome ‘ants on,” he said through another big yawn. He huffed when he smacked his phone by accident, missing his glasses by a mile, pouting slightly in frustration.
Shouta sighed tiredly and grabbed his husband’s glasses, gently pressing them onto his face, before grabbing his discarded pair of pants and the oversized shirt that Hizashi had discarded the night before when getting ready for bed. In less than a minute, he’s dressed and pulling his hair out of the loose braid that Hizashi tied it in the night before as he marched out of their bedroom. The knocking had stopped by this point but Shouta knows that someone is still standing on the other side of it, judging by the nervous shifting he hears and the shadow peeking its way from underneath the door. He throws the white ribbon that had been holding his hair together in its braid onto the couch right before he opens the door.
Immediately, any anxiety or concern that he might’ve felt for his students disappeared and he glared at the big, blond oaf standing in front of him with a sheepish and nervous smile. “Yagi,” he hissed, gripping the side of the door tightly. “Do you know what time it is?”
“Uh, last I checked, it was about four thirty,” Yagi said sheepishly, rubbing the back of his neck with his giant hand. He wasn’t looking directly at Shouta, staring at his chest instead of in the eye as he used to. Before Midoriya had dropped the bombshell of One for All into his lap and caused Shouta to spend the last two weeks scrambling to find solutions for problems that should’ve been handled months ago. Before Shouta had ripped into the fool in front of him for damaging that boy so badly. Now, the man could barely even look at him. Before Yagi promised to do better but seemed lost on just how to do so.
Shouta probably would’ve felt a little more sympathy for the retired Pro if the words four thirty hadn’t just left his lips.
“Is someone dying,” he nearly growled. His head ached with the four and a half hours of sleep that he had managed to piece together throughout the night full of the restless sleep that most Underground Heroes had each night. He might have to give Shinsou and Midoriya a raincheck on their training today if his headache didn’t ease up by eight thirty. He would give himself thirty minutes before their training session to make up his mind. For now, he focused on the man in front of him. “Already dead? Sick? Crying? Has Problem Child manifested a new Quirk? Have my demons decided to throw a coup on the school and is tying the rest of the teachers and the enemy that is 1-B to stakes? If the answer isn’t yes to one of those options, Yagi-san, then we are going to have issues.”
He didn’t need this today. Not Sunday. Not the sacred Sunday. And certainly not this early on one of the few days that Shouta got to sleep in. He was supposed to be able to stay in bed until it was time for Shinsou and Midoriya’s private lessons, lessons that they were excelling in and where they deserved his full, undivided attention. The two of them were both students that had been shunned and pushed aside of teachers before. Shouta might be able to push through and teach lessons adequately on little to no sleep on most days but, at the end of the day, Shouta was only human. He could tell by the pounding in his head that if he didn’t get at least another hour of sleep, or at least another hour of resting his eyes and cuddled up in his husband’s arms, then he wouldn’t be able to provide his students with the attention and care that was required in Heroic lessons of any nature. And that was leaving out that today was the day that Shouta would finally be meeting with Gran Torino. And whatever other messes he was going have to clean up.
. . . Two hours. He was going to need at least two extra hours of rest to properly deal with the headache that was turning out to be this Sunday.
Yagi winced and shook his head. He hesitated but, after risking a glance at Shouta’s face, must have seen the danger building and blurted out, “There’s something that I forgot to tell you about One for All. I just remember Young Midoriya telling me about this at the Sports Festival and I put it out of my mind but I was up and thinking about it and you said to tell you about everything helpful about One for All so,” he cut himself suddenly with a click to his jaw as Shouta raised his hand for silence.
. . . It was four thirty.
It was four thirty.
Shouta took a deep breath in and stepped away from the door, holding the door open a little wider in invitation. “Get in here before Bastard or Precious notice the door’s open,” he sighed, closing his eyes from just sheer exhaustion. “Go sit down on the couch. I have to . . . I gotta go do something really quick. Hizashi should be out in a few minutes.” He fished his phone out of his pants pocket, ignoring Yagi walking through the door timidly and giving Shouta a wide berth as he did.
A spark of annoyance twinged inside of Shouta. It wasn’t as if anything he had said to Yagi hadn’t been deserved or incorrect. Yagi had messed up. Midoriya’s mental health had been damaged by the various mistakes the retired Pro had made over the past year and few months. All Shouta had done was point it out and put into a few ground rules that would help everyone go forward in the future. Was it awkward between the two now? Yes, of course it was. Shouta had no idea just how big of a dumbass Yagi was before all of this so it had shaken his view of his colleague and made him lose a fair bit of respect for him.
But at least Shouta was trying. At least he wasn’t skirting around the other man and reminding them both of the awkwardness.
Shouta took a deep breath and rubbed at his eyes. He could think more on that later on. When it was a more appropriate time of day and Shouta didn’t want to claw his own brain out of his skull to rid himself of the headache currently making his head throb with each breath. Shouta sighed and pulled up his students’ contact information on his phone, squinting hard from the bright light as he wrote up a quick message for Shinsou and Midoriya that Underground lessons were cancelled for the day and to spend it as a rest day. He sent the message off before writing up another meant solely for Midoriya, informing him that Gran Torino would be arriving at the school at twelve o’clock and that Shouta would at the dorms at eleven thirty to collect him for their meeting.
Worriedly, but not too surprisingly with how bad of sleep habits teenagers usually had, Shinsou messaged back immediately and Midoriya’s reply popped up just a few seconds later. At least Midoriya’s read like someone who had been woken up unexpectedly unlike Shinsou’s. Shouta would have to check with the boy to see if he had gone to Recovery Girl for help with his insomnia like Shouta had told him to.
[Midoriya: Ojkay, snsei.]
[Shinsou: Got it. I’ll tell Izuku when he wakes up. Is something wrong though, Aizawa-sensei? You never cancel lessons.]
He sent a clipped reply to Shinsou that things were fine but something came up that needed his attention before tucking his phone back in his pocket. He instinctively swooped down and plucked Bastard up before he could bolt out of the apartment and cause havoc in the teachers’ dorms. He closed the door, nuzzling the yowling kitten’s head gently as he did so, before turning to the living room where Yagi was waiting for him.
Hizashi was sitting on the couch with him, a large mug of coffee in his hands and hair tied up in the messy bun. Shouta’s husband had thrown on some jeans and a white shirt. He looked more put together than Shouta felt, something that he really envied his husband of at the moment. Hizashi smiled at him and offered the mug to Shouta. “Here, Love. Something tells me that we’re going to be here for a while. It’s your Italian stuff.”
God, Shouta wished that younger him had gotten his shit together with Hizashi so much faster. Every day with this man was a blessing and it really annoyed Shouta that he missed so many of them.
“Thanks, ‘Zashi,” Shouta mumbled, taking the mug and pressing a kiss to Hizashi’s temple. He sat down in his favourite plush chair and took a large mouthful of his coffee, his shoulders immediately relaxing from the hot drink. Bastard crawled up from his arms to drape himself over his shoulders and Shouta could hear Precious padding through the apartment, woken from the noise of the three men in the living room. “Alright, Yagi-san. What’s so important that it couldn’t wait until morning? You said that it had something that happened during the Sports Festival?”
Yagi nodded awkwardly, turning his own mug of coffee around in his large hands. Shouta’s eyes narrowed at the mug – that better be the cheap shit – but let it go for now. “Ah, yes. I wasn’t able to sleep and I remembered Midoriya mentioning this to me. I, uh, apologize. I forgot the time. But, you remember the fight that he had with Young Shinsou? Where he broke through your student’s control?”
What kind of question even was that? Of course, Shouta remembered the fight where he had first seen the potential in his protégé. He had taken notice of Shinsou during the entrance exam and had an eye on what he’d do during the Sports Festival but he hadn’t expected much, if he was being honest. Hundreds of General Education students had made it their mission to transfer into the Heroics Course and, ever since he himself had transferred, Shouta had only seen two others actually succeed. The others lacked the conviction, skill, or cunning to make it to the third round of the Festival. While Shouta always rooted for the Underdog, he admitted that there were few who were actually willing to put the work in.
When he had first laid eyes on Shinsou, he had seen wasted potential. A boy with a Quirk that would be extremely useful in Hero work and, judging by his high grades, someone with a brain on his shoulders. But little muscles and no training with fighting in any regard. Shouta knew that by just looking at the boy that he would make it to the third round. With his brains and quirk, it was practically guaranteed. But he wouldn’t make it past his second match, maybe not even his first if his opponent was smart, which Midoriya was. Shinsou had relied on his Quirk too much back then and hadn’t even bother to hide its activation. Did he have potential? Yes. But Shouta hadn’t been impressed. The cunning was there, the skill could be taught, but the conviction? The grit? The ability to stand up and keep moving even though each and every one of your muscles were screaming at you to stop? That had to be there from the start and Shouta hadn’t been sure if Shinsou had that.
Until Shinsou’s match with Midoriya. Where, somehow, Midoriya had broken out of Shinsou’s brainwashing and pushed the boy out of the ring.
Shouta had watched that shook roll across Shinsou’s face, shaken by his Quirk failing him, and seen the lesson take hold in the boy. That his Quirk would only take him so far. That if he was serious about his goal, about being a Pro Hero, that he was going to have to get serious. It was a lesson that everyone with a powerful Quirk, whether the Quirk be physical or mental, had to learn at some point or another if they were going to be any Hero worth their salt. Shinsou had walked off that field with determination written all over his face and Shouta had gone to offer him afterschool training.
But even though the lesson was one that Shinsou had had to learn, Shouta would always cringe at just how Midoriya had managed to teach it. Watching the kid break himself over and over again just for a school Festival . . . Let’s just say that Shouta had been more than happy when Midoriya had first debuted his Full Cowling technique.
“Yeah, we remember that,” Hizashi said, arching an eyebrow and adjusting his glasses. “What’s that got to do with Midoriya, Yagi-san? I didn’t see anything strange happening down there. Yeah, the way that Midoriya broke out of Shinsou’s control was,” he hesitated, cringing a little at the memory, “crude but it was one that makes sense. It was a shock to Midoriya’s body,”
“Understatement,”
“And,” Hizashi continued, shooting Shouta an undeserved pout, “that means that it makes perfect sense that Midoriya was shaken out of Shinsou’s control. So, what’s the problem here, Yagi-san?”
Yagi sighed and sipped at his coffee. He looked exhausted. Like he had gotten no sleep at all. Which made sense since he was here on Shouta’s couch at four thirty in the morning. Or would it be closer to five now? The point was that it was too fucking early. “Midoriya told me something about that match. I told him at the time not to think too much on it but, well,” he chuckled darkly, “I think that we can all agree that my decisions thus far haven’t been the best. I was thinking about the past few months when I remembered the match and I thought it best that you know what happened. Midoriya mentioned having a . . . vision of some kind during the event.”
Shouta frowned and leaned forward, the last of the sleep clinging to his mind fading away. “A vision?” Was this a new Quirk that had manifested without them realising? A subtler Quirk, to be sure, and one that wasn’t on the list of possible ones that Nedzu and Yagi put together. But one that Shouta definitely saw the potential of. Especially with Midoriya’s analytical mind. A vision suggested that it was a future sight Quirk, of some kind, or perhaps a Quirk that showed different moments in time. A mental Quirk of some kind, at the very least.
But Shouta’s theories were brushed aside by Yagi’s next words. “Yes. He believes that he saw the last eighth holders of One for All in his mind. They were shadows, I doubt that he’d be able to recognize any of them if given pictures, but he said that he saw them. I experienced something similar myself once and I theorized that it’s imprints of the past users’ consciousness in the Quirk itself. It is a stockpiling Quirk, after all. I wasn’t sure how important it is but I thought that you would like to know. I’m sorry for,” Yagi trailed off, looking between Hizashi and Shouta slowly. Hizashi had his hands tangled in his hair with a horrified expression on his face. And Shouta doubted that he looked much better. “. . . waking you up for nothing?”
Hizashi’s mouth opened and closed for a moment. Finally, strained words managed to come out. “You’re telling us that there are imprints of the past users’ consciousness in that Quirk? That the Quirk isn’t just taking the Quirks of the past users but also, maybe, their consciousness? Maybe their souls?”
Yagi blinked and shook his head. “Well, I doubt it’s their true consciousness stuck in the Quirk. Or their soul, if you’re truly worried about that. I mean, Young Midoriya saw a shadow of myself in there. I’m guessing that this is more important than I first thought?”
Hizashi let out a wheezy breath and Shouta stared down at his mug of coffee mournfully. It was four thirty in the morning.
It turned out that cancelling the Underground lessons was the best decision that Shouta could’ve made. Because by the time nine o’clock rolled around, the time that he’d usually be walking into a training ground with his two personal students, he was still in his armchair with a refilled mug of coffee, the file full of possible past users of One for All, and a pounding headache that hadn’t faded in the slightest.
Bastard hadn’t left his spot on Shouta’s shoulders, at the very least. And Precious had migrated to his lap. So at least Shouta had cats with him. There was that.
Hizashi was curled up next to him in the armchair, scanning his own documents that he had printed off. Theories of stockpiling Quirks that went completely over Shouta’s head was being flipped through by his Husband. Yagi and Nedzu, who Shouta had immediately called over to discuss this new development, were seated on the couch and speaking in low tones that Shouta was keeping an ear on absentmindedly as he flipped through different profiles. They had been sitting in these positions for hours, so focused on their own respective tasks.
Finally, Shouta sighed, breaking the silence, as he finished up reading the last of the profiles and tossed the file onto the coffee table. “Well, it’s certainly not a new Quirk of any kind,” he muttered, rubbing his fist into his eye tiredly. He had gone over the profiles with a keen eye, spending long periods of time on each one to see if any of them could somehow explain the vision that Problem Child had had at the Festival. There were a few mental Quirks in there but none of them could explain Midoriya seeing the past users of the Quirk in the middle of a fight. “It’s definitely the Quirk itself that caused those visions.”
Nedzu turned away from Yagi, nodding firmly and taking a long sip of the green tea that he had walked into the apartment with. “Yes, we believe so as well. From what Yagi-kun has explained to me of both his and Midoriya-kun’s past experiences with these visions, it seems to come on in times of great stress. Though, I can’t be sure if Midoriya hasn’t had any more experiences that he didn’t come forward with.” The rat’s tail flicked curiously behind him and he tilted his head. He looked more animalistic than he normally allowed to be. But sitting in Shouta’s apartment with three people that he trusted, Nedzu didn’t seem to be bothering with upholding the human characteristics that he used every day. “I’ll have to ask him more about this later on. As for the subject of past users’ consciousness being trapped inside of the Quirk itself, well, I believe that it’s simply an imprint, as Yagi-kun theorized. Since Midoriya saw Yagi-kun himself in that vision and, obviously, Yagi-kun is still alive and well.”
Hizashi hummed and nodded, finally glancing up from the research paper he had printed off. The paper was something that was completely above Shouta’s level of understanding but judging by how easily Hizashi had been reading it just a few minutes before, his husband hadn’t had any trouble with it. “And that’s great and all,” he said in frustration, leaning his head against Shouta’s shoulder, “but this still is something we gotta be prepared for. If Midoriya can interact with them, which, like, I’m guessing he’ll be able to if he focuses enough or gets good enough at meditation, then that’s going to be eight people that he’ll be interacting with.”
“We’ll have to tell Midoriya as soon as possible,” Shouta muttered, resting one hand against his forehead and the other fished around in his pocket for his phone. “And Hound Dog as well. There’s the possibility that these imprints only show up in certain situations but there’s also the possibility that they start showing up in his dreams or in other moments of his life. Kid will have to be prepared to deal with these, fucking, these ghosts.” Shouta wondered if Midoriya had any other incidents since the Sports Festival. Would he say anything to them since All Might had told it that it wasn’t anything to concern himself with?
Was it something to be concerned with?
Possibly. Possibly. It was something for them to think of more, at the least. If it became an issue, then they’d figure out solutions. Though, Shouta wasn’t sure what solutions they could come up with for a haunted Quirk, of all fucking things. Hope that the Past Users were cool and wouldn’t give the kid much shit? Hope that maybe they’d help the kid out with future Quirks? What if the Past Users were bigots and didn’t like that Midoriya was born Quirkless? Shouta couldn’t exactly kick a ghost’s ass.
. . . He could try though. Shouta was sure that he could if the circumstance really called for it. He’d figure it out if it became an issue.
Would Midoriya believe all of this though? That his Quirk was haunted? The boy was very scientific in nature and Shouta had seen his face a few weeks ago when Kaminari had told a ghost story during one of their free periods. Shouta had never heard the kid protest anything so fiercely. It had been the most entertaining free period Shouta had ever had and it was enough to make Shouta happy that he had decided to stay in the classroom that day to supervise his brats instead of going for a nap. Listening to Midoriya rant for close to ten minutes about how ghosts weren’t real and couldn’t be real was hilarious.
He was going to have to make sure to have this conversation with Midoriya somewhere with camera to immortalize the insulted expression that Shouta was sure Midoriya would be wearing the moment the words haunted Quirk passed his lips.
Funnily enough, the expression that Nedzu was wearing was very similar to the one that Shouta was picturing on future Midoriya. “Not ghosts, Shouta-kun. Imprints of a consciousness.”
Shouta met his mentor’s eyes and blinked slowly. “. . . So, ghosts.”
Just as Nedzu opened his mouth, most likely about to rip apart the very idea of ghosts, Yagi cleared his throat and drew their attention back to him. “Is it really necessary for Young Midoriya to know about the imprints at this time,” he asked, frowning in concern. He quickly raised his hands, as if sensing their coming protests about hiding important information from the kid. “I’m not saying to hide it from him indefinitely. Or even for very long. But, you said yourself, Aizawa-san, just the other day. He is under extreme pressure and stress at the moment. And he’s still getting used to the idea of manifesting new Quirks. What if this is too much for him?” He glanced around, looking uncertain but determined. It made Shouta relax a little. He might disagree with what the man was saying, but he could tell that this was coming from pure concern for Midoriya. “Wouldn’t it be kinder to keep this information from him until things have calmed down?”
Hizashi hummed uncertainly and waggled a hand in the air. “Okay, I see where you’re coming from, Yagi-san. I do. He’s still just a kid, despite all the shit he and his class has gone through lately. And the idea of him being haunted by ghosts, imprints of dead people,” he quickly corrected at the mulish expression forming on Nedzu’s face, “isn’t something that’ll be easy for him to deal with. But I think that hiding it from him would do more harm than help. What if he has another vision and panics? Hell, I’d panic if I suddenly had dead people talking to me. It’d be best for us to warn Midoriya that this might happen.”
“Might,” Yagi stressed. “I had the Quirk for decades and it only ever happened once, years ago. It could be that what happened at the Sports Festival would never happen again.”
“Yeah, but it still might. And Midoriya deserves to know about all of this.” Hizashi shrugged, adjusting his glasses as he did so. “I vote that we tell him. Yagi-san votes no, obviously. Shouchan?”
Shouta sighed and wondered when exactly they decided this was a voting matter. Or why either of them thought that he wouldn’t just go behind their backs and tell Midoriya at the first opportunity either way. “I say that we tell him,” he said dryly, pushing his hair out of his eyes. “And whatever way we vote, I will be telling him. Midoriya has far too little trust for us adults as it is. How do you think he’d react if he found out that we knew about this and decided to keep it from him? You heard him the day that Float activated, Yagi-san. He’s done with people keeping him in the dark. I won’t be jeopardizing his trust in me.” He yawned and slowly stood up, giving the cats ample time to move off of him, and then stretched his arms over his head. “So, Nedzu-san. Your vote?”
Nedzu grinned, nose twitching in amusement. “A vote that won’t matter, Shouta-kun?”
Shouta shrugged. “I want to know your opinion,” he said truthfully. “I’ll be talking to Midoriya about this either way but I want to know what you think about all of this.”
There was a long pause as Nedzu thought, tapping his paws against his mug of tea. Finally, he said slowly, “I agree with both you and Hizashi-kun. Keeping this from Midoriya would be something that would hinder Midoriya in the long run. Midoriya has shown patterns of anxiety in the past and if it starts happening excessively, then it’s possible that it could lead to even more undue stress that could have been avoided. And, as Shouta-kun said, Midoriya has also shown mistrust in adults. Which is more than understandable with his former Quirk status and the experiences that he’s had with them before Yuuei. Keeping this from him runs the risk of ruining any trust that Shouta-kun has managed to build with him up to this point. So, in conclusion, I vote that we tell him.” He smirked and tipped his head. “Not that the vote truly mattered.”
Shouta answered his smirk with one of his own and shrugged. “It really didn’t.” He glanced into the kitchen at the oven clock and sighed. It was nearing ten o’clock. Two hours until Gran Torino would be arriving. A brand-new kind of headache. “Alright,” he hummed, cracking his back. “We have a plan. Tell Midoriya about the ghosts,” he pointedly ignored the sour look Nedzu sent him, “tell him to inform us if he gets another vision, and try and get him not to panic at the thought of his Quirk being haunted. Now, it’s ten o’clock and I have a retired Pro to deal with in two hours. I’m making breakfast.” He turned towards the kitchen, pausing to press another kiss to Hizashi’s temple. “Coffee,” he offered his husband softly.
Hizashi smiled and nodded. “Please.”
“Okay.” Shouta glanced over at Nedzu and Yagi, ignoring how Yagi was politely looking away from the public display of affection and how Nedzu was smirking proudly at the couple that he had personally forced together. This was Shouta’s Goddamn apartment and he’d kiss his Goddamn husband if he wanted to. “Are the two of you staying or going?”
Nedzu grinned and hopped off the couch, tail flicking behind him happily. “I, unfortunately, need to be going. You’re not the only one with meetings today, Shouta-kun. The culture Festival isn’t too far away and there are multiple things to do beforehand.”
Oh God, that fucking headache. Shouta wrinkled his nose at the reminder of what he’d be forced to endure in just a couple of months. Though, while it was always annoying to corral his students into putting something together that wouldn’t embarrass them, Shouta was, admittedly, looking forward to seeing what kind of ideas his Hell spawn would come up with. It was going to be like watching a train wreck in slow motion and Shouta found himself being excited to watch it crash and burn.
Shouta nodded, turning to Yagi and arching his eyebrow. Yagi coughed into his hand and stood up, awkwardly shaking his head. “Ah, no, no. I must be on my way as well. I, uh, will see you both later on.” He bowed politely before hightailing it out of the apartment so quickly that Shouta could’ve sworn that he saw smoke.
His eye twitched at just how quickly his co-worker had fled his presence. He was going to have to deal with that soon.
It wasn’t until Nedzu had left as well that Shouta sighed, slumping his shoulders and shaking his head. “We’ve been awake,” he muttered tiredly, “since four thirty. And now I’m going to have to deal with a retired Pro for God knows who long.”
Arms wrapped around him from behind and pulled Shouta back against his husband’s firm chest. “Go take a nap,” Hizashi chuckled in his ear. “I’ll wake you up when breakfast is finished and I’ll be sure to make sure another mug of coffee, okay Kitten? You prepare for the shit show you have at twelve. Meanwhile, I’ll go prep on checking up on my Gen Ed kiddos. And I’ll go check in on your kids too. Make sure that they haven’t, what was it I heard earlier this morning? Tied the enemy that is 1-B to stakes? Really, babe? The enemy? You and Kan take this rivalry way too seriously.”
Shouta huffed and pulled up of Hizashi’s hold. “They are the enemy, ‘Zashi,” he muttered, pecking his husband on the lips before following the call of his bed back to the bedroom. “And don’t think for a moment that 1-B wouldn’t do it if my brats didn’t first. If anything, my imps would be acting in self-defence.” He ignored the laughter of his husband and flopped headfirst down on their bed as soon as he was close enough.
Not his fault if Hizashi didn’t realize that Shouta and his class were the calm ones in this rivalry.
There were several reasons why Shouta called his class Hell Spawn. Some assumed that it was only because of Problem Child. And they weren’t completely wrong. Midoriya took up a big space on the list of reasons why his class gave him headaches. But those some people would be overlooking the nineteen other little demons who made Shouta think twice about leaving them alone for any period of time longer than an hour. They all had potential. Both as Heroes and as little Demons that would be the reasons why Shouta went white by thirty-one. There were many examples that Shouta could point at to prove just that. Such as all the times Iida and Problem Child set fire to the tracks. Or the time Jirou and Yaoyorozu managed to blow out the lights in Gym Beta in a glorious display of teamwork.
And as Shouta stepped into the dorms of 1-A and found clumps of hair scattered across the floor and a blank faced Todoroki sweeping them up, Shouta knew that he’d be adding this to the list.
“Todoroki,” Shouta said slowly, giving his student a slow blink. “What is going on here?”
Todoroki blinked back at him, expression not even twitching a little. Shouta couldn’t help but be impressed. Just a little. He tilted his head, showing off the sides of his heads. That had been shaved. Someone had shaved the sides of his students’ head. Who the hell had given his students clippers?  “Just cleaning up, sensei. That’s all.”
“I see. And the new hair cut?” Shouta stepped over a lock of bright pink hair as he looked around the common area. Only Todoroki was down right now, the rest of his Nightmares nowhere to be seen.
Suspicious.
Todoroki hummed and ran one hand through it. It was cut shorter in the front and shaved at the sides and back. It gave him a slightly more mature look and stopped him from being able to hide behind his hair like he noticed the boy did at times. It looked fine on him. Though, Shouta didn’t really understand what was wrong with hiding behind long hair. It was half the reason why he kept his own hair long, after all. “Do you like it,” Todoroki asked curiously, tilting his head again like a curious puppy.
Shouta fought the urge to run a hand down his face. God, his fucking demons. “It looks fine. Though, I’d like to know exactly who was near your head with scissors and clippers.”
Todoroki shrugged and went back to sweeping the discarded hair into one big pile. “Ashido and Sero. Sero’s aunt is a hairdresser and he knows a few things. And Ashido likes to experiment. They noticed that our hair was getting unmanageable and offered to help.” He shrugged again. “It’s just hair.”
. . . Well, Shouta had noticed their hair getting long. Though, his solution probably wouldn’t have been to have students cut other students’ hair. He probably would’ve just booked a class wide appointment at the nearest hairdressers and let them go for whatever style they wanted. Or just let them all grow it long. Nothing at all wrong with long hair. Shouta sighed and ran a hand through his own tangled locks. “And the rest of the Hell Spawn? Where are they?”
Todoroki hummed and tilted his head up towards the stairs. “Taking pictures. I offered to clean up since I was the first one done.” The spilt haired boy met his eyes and said, completely serious and with a deadpan air that Shouta could only aspire for, “I was the genuine pig.”
Shouta went out a sigh through his nose, giving into his urge and rubbing at his forehead. "I see.” Shouta spared a moment to wonder just how much he cared about this recent example of just how demonic his kids were. Finally, he asked, “Were any ears cut off?”
“No, sensei.”
There. Done. Duty as a Responsible Adult ™️ complete. Shouta was officially washing his hands of this. If his students wanted to walk around with self-made haircuts then that was their business, not his. “Alright. Go get Midoriya for me. We have a meeting.”
“With Gran Torino,” Todoroki asked curiously, pausing in his sweeping for a moment. “Izuku told me about that last night. It’s to help with the newest aspect of his Quirk?”
There were many reasons why Shouta approved of Midoriya telling Todoroki about One for All. One of which was that Midoriya needed someone his own age to support him and who knew just what he was going through. He needed someone in his corner. But another was that Todoroki was a master of lying. Shouta had never met any other student who could look straight into his face, keep their expression completely deadpan, and lie as easily as breathing. No one would ever think that there was anything wrong with Midoriya’s Quirk with Todoroki’s blank face at his side. Add in his earth-shattering loyalty to Midoriya and Shouta couldn’t think of a better person to be told about The Sisterhood of the Travelling Quirk.
“Yes,” Shouta said honestly. He continued, keeping the details vague in case another student happened to overhear. “Gran Torino had a friend with a Quirk very similar to this new aspect. As he’s trained with Midoriya before, we thought that he’d be a good person to bring in.”
Todoroki hummed and nodded, one hand absentmindedly moving up to feel the shaved part of his head. Where there was a clumsy flame design carefully shaved into it. Shouta would bet that there was an equally clumsy snowflake shaved into the other. Not bad. Not professional, but still. Not bad. “Izuku likes him,” he finally said with a sharp nod. As if that was all that mattered. The teen leaned the broom he had been using against the nearest wall and walked over to the stairs, poking his head into the stairwell and calling out, louder than Shouta had ever heard him outside of exercises, “Izuku, Aizawa-sensei is here for you!”
Immediately, the rest of Shouta’s Nightmares could be heard.
“Ohhhhhhhh, Midoriya’s in trouble!”
“What’d you do this time, Midoribro?”
“Did you kill someone? I bet that you killed someone. The quiet ones are always the ones you gotta look out for.”
“Shinsou-kun! You shouldn’t accuse Midoriya-kun of such a thing!”
“Coming, Aizawa-sensei!”
The sounds of footsteps thundering down the stairs made Shouta’s head pound and he fought the urge to sigh fondly. He closed his eyes for a moment and when he opened them, nineteen bright grins were beaming up at him from the stairwell.
Well, Shouta had to give it to Ashido and Sero. No one looked awful. A few clumsy designs – like the ones shaved into Todoroki’s head or the mohawk Sero was sporting – but nothing that would embarrass them once they walked out of the dorms. They looked a bit more like the little demons that Shouta had pegged them for since day one. Maybe everyone else would believe him now when he warned them.
“Sensei, don’t we look cool,” Uraraka crowed, running her hands through her now slightly shorter hair. She had one of the least dramatic changes, at the very least. “Isn’t this so cool!?”
Shouta sighed and gave his students a slight nod, which immediately made them burst out into grins. “You all look good. Ashido and Sero, good job.” The two students glowed under his praise. “Though, if you’d ask permission for bringing scissors near your classmates' heads in the future, that’d be appreciated.” He ignored the quickly given assurances – that would probably be ignored later on – and gestured impatiently at Midoriya. “Midoriya. We have a meeting.”
Midoriya nodded happily, looking like an excitable puppy, and bounded forward with a bright grin on his face. His hair looked very similar to Todoroki’s. Shaved at the sides with a tuff of curly green hair on top. It made the boy look a little older, even with his babyface. There were little designs shaved into the sides too, just like Todoroki’s. But with a star on each side instead of snowflakes and fire. “Yes, sensei! I’m ready! Do I need to grab my costume?”
“Just your gym uniform.” Shouta waited patiently as Midoriya run off to grab his gym uniform, raking his eyes over his students. “. . . Kaminari, I don’t remember you having your ears pierced.”
Kaminari laughed awkwardly and rubbed at his ears self-consciously. There was a silver stud in each one. “Uh, yeah. Me and Mina went out yesterday and got them done. You gave us passes to go to the mall, remember?”
Shouta hummed and nodded, putting it aside now that he knew that Kaminari hadn’t done what he and Hizashi had when they were kids and did it himself with ice and a needle. “It looks good,” he said absentmindedly. He arched an eyebrow when the boy relaxed a little but also relaxed when the boy grinned brightly.
“Thanks, Aizawa-sensei!”
Well, they were just kids. Self-conscious about their appearances and what they chose to do with them. Shouta used to always be self-conscious himself whenever he changed an aspect of it. It made sense that his kids were as well. Probably shouldn’t make a big deal about it. Shouta hummed and nodded when Midoriya came bounding back down the stairs in his gym uniform, the rest of Shouta’s brats making space for him.
“Sensei, will Midoriya be back in time for our study group this afternoon,” Yaoyorozu asked politely. Her long hair had been cut drastically, now just brushing her shoulders. Just long enough to be put into a small ponytail. “So, we know if we should wait for him?”
Shouta shrugged. “Don’t know.”
“You don’t need to wait for me! I’ll catch up later on, promise!” Midoriya grinned at his friends happily.
Yaoyorozu smiled back at him. “I’ll be sure to give you any notes if you need them.”
Midoriya grinned happily and nodded, practically skipping forward to Aizawa’s side. Aizawa spared a moment to pat him on the head before giving the rest of his kids a stern look. “I expect all of this hair to be cleaned up by the time I return. Don’t let Todoroki do all the work. Don’t burn down the dorms, don’t stage a coup, don’t kill anyone.”
Shinsou swayed and pressed a hand against his chest. His hair had just been trimmed at the ends, keeping his hair style intact. “Sensei, it’s like you don’t even trust us.”
“That’s because I don’t.”
Of course, that made all of his Hell Spawn break out into giggles or secretive smiles. Brats.
Shouta rolled his eyes and nodded towards the door. “Midoriya. With me.” He marched towards the door, waving his hand over his shoulder as his students called out various goodbyes and promises to save Midoriya a portion of whatever they put together for lunch. Hell Spawn.
Midoriya was almost tripping over his feet as he quickly followed him out of the dorms. Shouta glanced at the boy and his much smaller legs before slowing his pace. They had enough time that there wasn’t any need to rush. All Might would be meeting Gran Torino at the gates and guiding him over to the field that they had chosen for training. Honestly, Shouta probably needed just a few minutes to prepare for the torture that would be All Might, his successor, and his teacher all in one place together. Especially with the tension that had formed between Yagi and Midoriya. This was going to be a fun time. Just so much fun. “What do you think about my hair, sensei,” Midoriya asked softly, running his hands through his now shorter hair shyly. “Me and Shouchan wanted to match and Uraraka-chan was going to do it too but she decided against it last minute but she said that it looked really good on us.”
“It looks good.” Shouta paused before reaching out again and patting him on the head softly. “Who did the stars?”
Midoriya’s answering smile was bright enough that Shouta thought that getting a pair of sunglasses might be a good future investment. “Oh, Ashido-chan! She did all the shaving and the designs! Sero-kun did the simpler cuts and did some trimming too. They’d do yours too if you want sensei!”
Shouta snorted and gently pushed Midoriya’s head away, making the boy break out into soft laughter. “I trust you brats not to kill each other out in exercises,” he drawled. “But not with scissors near my head.” He smiled at Midoriya’s relaxed stance and decided that now was as good as time as any to pounce onto a topic that he felt needed to be addressed. “So, Midoriya, before we get into this meeting. You and All Might.”
Immediately, Midoriya’s happy smile dimmed slightly and his shoulders hunched. “I haven’t talked to him. And I would’ve told you first before I did,” he assured Shouta quickly.
“I know that, Problem Child. I just wanted to ask. You seemed very upset with him earlier this week.”
Midoriya kicked at the ground softly as they walked. “I don’t know,” he said softly. “I still . . . He’s still my hero. He inspired me to be a Hero, you know? That’s what I always wanted. To be a Hero that saved people with a smile. Maybe not a Spotlight Hero,” he admitted softly, the first time that he even implied out loud that he was seriously considering Underground Heroics. “But I still want to save people and make them know that they’re safe because I’m there.
“But, I . . . I’m just mad at him,” he admitted, like it was a crime to be mad at someone. He glanced up at Shouta, now unable to hide behind his bangs. It made him all the easier to read. He relaxed a little when Shouta did nothing more than nod in understanding. “I . . . I know that I took the Quirk. And I don’t regret that. Not really. But, I don’t know, I think that if I knew a little more about the Quirk when I was taking it, I would’ve thought about it a little more. He just keeps hiding things from me. And I just keep thinking about what happened when we first met. I know that you think that I could’ve been a Quirkless Hero.”
Shouta cut in. “Because you could’ve been.”
Midoriya had to duck his head to hide the small smile that broke out at that. “T-thank you, sensei. But, um, I just,” he shrugged and his tone sobered, “he said that I have potential as a Hero but I have a Quirk now, don’t I? So, I just,” he trailed off.
Shouta sighed. Damn. Goddamn it. “You’re wondering if he’d still think that if you were still Quirkless.” He sighed through his nose at Midoriya’s small nod. “I’m not going to speak for Yagi. I can’t. But I can tell you something Midoriya. The first day of school. Do you know why I didn’t expel you on the first day of class?”
There was a pause where Midoriya fell silent, pursing his lips and staring up at the sky thoughtfully. “. . . I’d say that it’s because I have a powerful Quirk if you were anyone else,” he said softly. “But I don’t think you really care about how powerful Quirks are.”
“I don’t.” Powerful Quirks certainly were helpful in Heroics but they weren’t the end all be all. Many of the students that Shouta had allowed to graduate didn’t have powerful Quirks. One student that he still made sure to keep an eye on was someone whose Quirk was that allowed him to see perfectly in the dark. It did nothing to himself or anyone else but it was perfect for Underground Heroics. “Powerful Quirks are useful but they aren’t what makes Heroics at the end of the day. So, why didn’t I expel you?”
Midoriya tilted his head, looking exactly like Precious used to when she was just a young kitten that padded after Shouta on his walks home. “. . . Because I’m smart,” he asked shyly. It was a step up, at least. Just three weeks ago, Midoriya would never admit to being smart. Whether that be because of self-esteem issues or because he wanted to keep his intelligence in his back pocket just in case. A Midoriya who took pride of his intelligence was something that Shouta would like to see more of.
Shouta nodded firmly. “Because you’re smart,” he agreed. “You’re smart and that is something that is rather rare in Heroics. Anyone can have a Powerful Quirk. That’s a dime a dozen. But someone with a brain? Now that’s rare.” He reached out and poked Midoriya firmly in the forehead. “And I bet you had that brain long before All Might offered you his Quirk.”
“T-thank you, sensei,” Midoriya stuttered, a pleased smile on his lips. “T-that means a lot.”
Shouta huffed and ducked his face into his scarf to hide his own smile. “Good. I understand that yours and Yagi’s relationship isn’t the best at the moment. But try and focus on your training today, understand? Gran Torino came a long way to help you with your flying so listen to everything that he has to say. Got it?”
“Got it!” Midoriya beamed at him, looking just happy for someone to listen to him.
At least somebody around here appreciated him.
Shouta wasn’t sure if he hated or loved Gran Torino.
It was really fifty/fifty so far. On one hand, his first impression of the man had been a 3’11” foot, grey haired old man standing next to All Might and glaring out at thin air as if the world itself had offended him by just existing. Which Shouta understood. Hell, he sympathized. The world offended Shouta almost daily by just existing. And whatever he and All Might had been discussing before Shouta and Midoriya arrived, it had been enough for All Might to be looking down at the ground shame faced. Anyone who took All Might to task for his decisions was good in Shouta’s books.
On the other hand, Aizawa’s second impression was Gran Torino looking over at them with a bright, shit eating grin, and flying towards Midoriya with a cackle and a foot aimed right at Midoriya’s face.
Shouta didn’t even have time to dart in front of Midoriya, as his first instinct was. Before he could even react, Midoriya was flipping back and darting away from the old man with a bright smile. “Hi, Torino-san,” his student chirped, bouncing back towards one of the buildings in the urban city field that they had chosen to use. “How was the trip?”
“Enough yapping, you embryo! If you can talk, you can fight! Let’s see if you’ve learnt anything since I saw you last!”
And then the two of them were off in blurs of yellow and green respectively.
Shouta stared at the two blurs as they bounced off of buildings, colliding in mid-air but never slowing down enough for Shouta to see exactly what was happening before mentally washing his hands of it and turning to stand next to All Might. At least he knew where his student’s fighting style came from now.
“He went through security, right,” Shouta asked anyway, keeping one eye on the two blurs zipping around the fake city. The yellow one just a little faster, if just by a hair, but the green one was making up for it with just how much Midoriya was bouncing around, obviously attempting to keep Gran Torino guessing on where he was going. Didn’t seem to be working with this Pro but still a good strategy.
Yagi coughed into his hand awkwardly and nodded. “Ah, yes, yes he did. All three layers. And Nedzu-san verified that it was him before he sent the two of us to this training ground. Apparently, the two of them knew each other from a case they worked in the past.”
Shouta nodded briskly, nodded exactly what case the man was talking about. Nedzu’s long winded talks might be dreaded by the rest of the staff but Shouta was one of the few who always loved listening to the Rat. Nedzu was the smartest being on Earth currently and it showed. Even when Shouta was as young as his Hell Spawn, he would eagerly spend time in Nedzu’s office and listen to Nedzu’s tales or even debate with him. Did he ever win? Of course not, he was fifteen and he had been debating Nedzu. But he had learned a lot and it was probably his willingness to learn and listen from the Rat that earned him his place as Nedzu’s first personal student.
Everyone wanted to talk but hardly anyone wanted to listen. Nedzu appreciated those who were willing to listen to him.
“Didn’t know that his method of helping Midoriya would be to immediately attack him,” Shouta mused dryly. The green blur he had been keeping his eye on was hit by the yellow one and faltered for a moment, just slowing enough that Shouta was able to see Midoriya readjusting himself in the air before the boy was off again. “I’d expect that method for a third year, not a first year.” He glanced over at Yagi, expecting at least a huff at Shouta’s joke but, instead, only got an awkward smile and a quick glance away. Shouta let out a sigh of annoyance and turned back to the blurs colliding above them. “You need to get over this.”
“P-pardon?!”
“You need to get over this,” Shouta repeated, not even turning to look at the other man. “You messed up. I made moves to fix your mess and put roadblocks into place so you wouldn’t mess up again. Stop walking around me like you expect me to kill your cat or something.” He paused before glancing at him. “Do you even like cats?”
God, that man better like cats. Shouta didn’t think he could maintain a relationship with someone who didn’t.
Yagi spent a moment sputtering at his side before coughing into his hand and saying, “Uh, yes, yes I do. Though I do prefer dogs. I’ve been talking with Nedzu recently about allowing me to keep one on campus.”
Shouta made a noise like a dying cat but made no other protests. Dogs were fine. Not as good as cats. Not as smart either. But fine enough, he supposed. Huskies were cute. Shouta actually had a Huskey puppy when he was a boy. His Mama had been allergic to cats and Shouta hadn’t been able to official take in Precious until he moved out of his parents’ house and into the apartment he shared with Hizashi. His old Huskey puppy, Gem, had been a good companion to him before she died when Shouta was a teenager. Shouta had plenty of fond memories of her.
. . . Maybe Shouta should look into getting a dog himself. The cats were pretty calm around dogs. And Hizashi liked Huskies. He’d think about it.
“But, ah, I didn’t realize that I was acting so,” Yagi faltered, obviously trying to think on how he wanted to frame it, “ah, cautious around you, Aizawa-kun.” The older man sighed and Shouta could hear him scratching at his neck self-consciously. “You are right. I have made several mistakes with Young Midoriya. And I want to go forward and try and fix those mistakes. But . . . I’m not sure how to do so. I can tell he’s angry with me. I would be too if Nana had treated me like I have treated Midoriya in the past year. I just don’t know how to fix this.” There was a pause before he added, a little softer, “He seems very close to you now.”
Shouta paused before turning around slowly and looking at the taller man incredulously. “You’re jealous? That Midoriya is closer to me than you?” Was this man serious right now?
Yagi winced but didn’t deny it. “I just want to have the same close relationship with him that I had with my Master. I hope that I haven’t damaged it beyond all repair.”
Goddamn it all the hell. Was Shouta the only person in this school with any Emotional Intelligence? He was Eraserhead. Emotional Intelligence was not what he was known for. He shouldn’t be the benchmark for handling emotions. He let out a heavy sigh, throwing his head back and pinching his nose. “My God,” he breathed, just fucking done with life. This. This was why he acted like he did on a daily basis. He was either surrounded by children or fucking idiots. And honestly? Shouta preferred the children. “All Might. He’s angry at you because you didn’t talk to him.”
“I know that-“
“So, talk to him.”
Yagi blinked. He had an expression on his face as if he had never even considered open and honest communication. “Talk to him? But, Aizawa-kun, what is there to say?”
Shouta rolled his eyes so hard that he swore to God that he saw the back of his head for a moment there. “Is there anything else that he needs to know about his Quirk? Other than what we discussed this morning. I’ll talked to him about that myself after our training. Anything else?”
“Uh, no. Not as far as I remember.”
“If you do happen to remember something, tell him. I might have told you that you can’t be alone with a student but that doesn’t mean that you can Midoriya can’t talk.” He paused before side eyeing Yagi out of the corner of his eye. “Do you believe that he could’ve been a Hero without a Quirk? Yes or no. No other bullshit. Yes or no.”
To his credit, Yagi didn’t immediately blurt out yes just because he thought that was what Shouta wanted to hear. He kept his eyes up at the two blurs bouncing around the fake city, the green one getting close enough to the two men that Shouta felt his hair rise up briefly. Finally, he answered. “If anyone could be a Hero without a Quirk, I think that it’d be Midoriya.”
Shouta hummed. “You know that he won’t be the last Quirkless person to try to get into the Hero Program. And I would bet that one will get in in the near future too. If you’re going to be teaching at Yuuei long term, there might come the day that you have a Quirkless kid in your class. Would you encourage them, even if they weren’t Midoriya? Are you saying that Midoriya could’ve been a Quirkless Hero because you truly believe it or because you’ve seen what he’s able of?”
“. . . I don’t know.”
Shouta nodded briskly. “Until you do, don’t bring it up to Midoriya.” He stepped forward before pausing and saying over his shoulder sternly, “And stop acting like I’m going to bite you whenever we’re in the same room.” He ignored the renewed sputtering behind him and kept walking forward, about to put an end to this scuffle between Pro and Student so they could get down to business.
The only one who had to worry about biting was Hizashi and that was a private affair.
“Not bad, brat! Not bad!”
Shouta watched from beside Torino as Midoriya floated in the air, legs folded below him in a crisscross. He had been floating like this for almost ten minutes, rising and falling every time Torino told him to with barely any delay. He was still a little clumsy but Shouta was slowly getting more at ease with the idea of allowing him to take the Provisional Exam in a week instead of holding him back.
Torino took a deep breath, gesturing at his lungs exaggeratively. “Remember, this Quirk is all about your breathing and how you’re feeling! You feel anxious in the air and you’ll have a harder time controlling your movement! Float is all about being steady. You have control. Not the Quirk! Got that?”
“Yes, Torino-san,” Midoriya called down dutifully. He was barely bobbing in the air at all, staying as still as he could. It really wasn’t bad at all. Shouta was almost impressed. Almost. With another call from Torino, Midoriya rose up higher in the air until he was approximately twenty feet in the air and then told to hold it.
Shouta glanced down at the older Pro. He looked calm but had a steely gaze in his eyes as he watched Midoriya. Ready to move at any moment if the kid lost control and fell down to the earth. And after watching the man bounce around the city without breaking a sweat, Shouta was confident that he would be able to snatch Midoriya out of the air before he even blinked. “You’re very good with him,” he muttered, low enough that Midoriya wouldn’t be able to hear.
Torino snorted but lowered his voice to match Shouta’s volume. “I’ve taught enough anxious kids to know how to handle this one. And it helps that he’s similar to how Toshi was when he was Midoriya’s age. A little softer spoken and a hell of a lot smarter. But they aren’t that different at the end of the day.” His lips twisted into a smirk. “Bet the kid wouldn’t be happy to hear that right now though.”
“Definitely wouldn’t be.” Shouta sighed. Yagi had left just a few moments after Shouta had put an end to Torino and Midoriya’s scuffle, a thoughtful loo on his face. “Or maybe he would be. He still likes the man.”
“Bah! I wouldn’t blame the brat if he didn’t,” Torino huffed, shaking his head in annoyance. “Hell, I would’ve killed someone who talked to Toshinori that way when he was still Quirkless. Nana-chan might’ve offered him the Quirk but I know that she thought that he could do great things even without it. And I don’t doubt it either. But, that’s the problem with getting old. You get stuck in your ways if you only have one type of people around you.”
Shouta nodded, keeping one eye on Midoriya. He was holding his position well. Obviously taking in the breathing exercises that both Torino and Hizashi had hammered into his skull with how deeply he was breathing. He was a good kid. “It’s something I try and keep in mind with my own students,” he muttered. “I have a friend that I was considering bringing in for a lecture. She’s Quirkless, just like Midoriya once was. It’d be good for them to know more about different people in our society instead of just those with Powerful Quirks.”
“Good idea. Might want to warn them about it before hand though. If there was one thing I learnt as a teacher that even the best kids can be prejudiced. They don’t always mean to but they don’t always think shit through. If they have time to process the lecturer and think through the questions they want to ask, they might weed out the more offensive questions.”
Shouta hummed thoughtfully. It was a good idea. Many of the questions that people have asked Shouta, as someone with a villainous Quirk, over the years had been questions asked without any thought put into it. And he truly believed, at the end of the day, that the majority of his kids were good ones. He would still need to ask Sakura if she even wanted to be a guest lecturer for 1-A. And if 1-A got a guest lecturer, then Vlad would insist that 1-B get time with her too. And Shouto knew them far less than his little demons.
He knew that they were The Enemy. That’s it. He didn’t want to put his friend in a position where she might have to put up with microaggressions or thoughtless comments.
“That’s a good idea,” he commented with a small nod. “I’ll speak to my friend and if she agrees, I’ll give my students time to think about questions for her. It’d be good for them to be introduced to people outside of their Powerful Quirk bubble.”
Torino nodded sharply. He grinned and glanced up at Shouta with a shit eating air that Shouta felt was very similar to Nemuri’s. “You know, you can just call them your kids. If anyone gets what it’s like to teach and basically raise kids through the shit, it’s the old geezer standing next to you.” He laughed sharply. “I taught my class through a war, remember? All for One was at his peak when I taught at Yuuei. And Nana had just been killed so,” he shrugged, his calm edge very at odds with what he was saying. “Just saying. I get it. Toshi might be mine but I’ve kept in contact with all of the kids that I taught over the years.”
He was right. Shouta had only heard snippets of Yagi’s old school days and most of the stories were centered around Yagi himself. Around the retired Number One Hero’s accomplishments. But All Might’s class had gotten into almost as many problems as Shouta’s own students did each day. Gran Torino had only taught one Homeroom class and graduated all twenty. Only one went on to be Number One but all twenty went on to be good, strong heroes in their own right. And if Shouta was right, that strength had been earned through hardship and tragedy.
If anyone could understand the nightmares that Shouta had almost every night about his kids, it would be Torino.
“. . . They terrify me at times,” Shouta admitted, carefully keeping his expression still and calm. “They have so much potential. Unfortunately, I’m not the only one who sees that. Villains seem to have heat-seeking missiles locked on them.”
Torino hummed. “It sucks,” he said lowly. “When kids have to fight before they’re ready.”
Shouta nodded and the two of them fell into silence, a silent comradery settled between them. There was nothing else to say. They were two teachers who had lead their kids through hell. What else was there to say?
Midoriya waved wildly at Shouta’s side as Torino’s car peeled out of Yuuei’s parking lot, a bright grin on his face. Shouta watched silently, watching that neon yellow monstrosity drive off. It had been a good day. Torino had plenty of suggestions for Midoriya on how to use his Quirk and, even better, he had been able to give Shouta a hint on who Nana’s Master might’ve been.
“Ahhh, Nana-chan never told me the man’s name. It really hurt her when she died, y’know. But I know that he was an Underground Hero. Hopes that helps.”
It definitely did. Shouta was praying that the next Quirk Midoriya manifested was Black Whip. Shouta would die before admitting it, but he used to be and still was a bit fanboy of Daigoro Banjo. The man was the epitome of Underground Heroics and Shouta used to be on every single Hero forum where the man’s name was even mentioned. If Midoriya happened to manifest the Quirk of Shouta’s favourite Hero? The small part of Shouta that was still that awkward, bitter, shunned middle schooler would lose his mind.
He had to cater to that middle school Shouta every so often.
“Good work today, kid,” Shouta muttered, jerking his head towards the 1-A dorms.
Midoriya beamed up at him, practically bouncing on his toes as he walked at Shouta’s side. He was filled with confidence, a good look on him. Shouta only hoped that he would be able to keep that confidence in the kid until the Provisional Exams in a week. “T-thank you, Aizawa-sensei! I really like training with Torino-san! He never holds back against me. Or, well, he does but because he’s a Pro, not because he thinks I’m weak! He always pushes me to my limits and I always learn so much whenever I fight him! Which is a lot cause I didn’t really do much else on the internships. I mean,” he faltered, obviously not wanting to be the one who brought up Stain, “I did other things. But most of the time was spent fighting him.”
Shouta nodded, deciding to leave the mass murderer of it all out of it. “It’s obvious that it’s a method that works for you. And it’s obvious that you’ve copied his fighting style.”
Midoriya winced and looked up at Shouta shyly. “T-that’s okay, right?”
Shouta hummed and shrugged. “You’re a First Year, Problem Child. No one’s expecting you to have a style all of your own just yet. Most First Years base their fighting styles off of their teachers or trainers. A fair bit of Second Years too.” He paused before reaching out and gently patting the kid on the head. “You’re doing fine, kid. Have a bit of confidence in yourself.”
“O-okay, sensei! I’ll try my best!” He beamed at Shouta, like the damn sun shone out of his face.
Yep. Sunglasses were definitely going to be a future feature on Shouta’s shopping list.
Shouta nodded and decided to broach the topic of the past users. “Yagi mentioned to me something that I wanted to ask you about, Problem Child. At the Sports Festival, he mentioned that you had a vision of the past users of One for All. Have you had any more since then?”
Midoriya pursed his lips and tilted his head. The puppy similarities were just getting harder to ignore. Maybe Shouta should get a dog. “No, sensei. I haven’t had any more visions like that.” He paused and then, very slowly, offered, “I have had dreams though. I didn’t think much of them but, well, I have had dreams that I think might have the past users in them. Like, I had a dream a few days ago of Yagi-sensei cooking something with a woman that looked an awful lot like how he described his Master.” He blushed and ducked his head. “It might just be my imagination though, sensei.”
Maybe. It was possible. The brain was weird and dreams were even weirder. But Shouta wouldn’t discount the idea that these were memories entirely. “Maybe. Tell someone if these dreams get overwhelming,” he said firmly, put at ease at Midoriya’s quick nod. “We believe that you might be able to speak to the past users. Might. Maybe I’m wrong and you won’t. But if something like that happens, you immediately come and find me, Yamada, Yagi, or Nedzu. Got that, Problem Child?”
Midoriya nodded quickly. “Yes, Aizawa-sensei! I’ll tell you if something happens, I swear! Do you really think that I’d be able to talk with the past users?” He pursed his lips. “That means that this Quirk stockpiles consciousnesses and not just Quirks. That . . . are there souls caught in this Quirk and not just Quirks, Sensei?”
Even a fucking child was able to see just how terrifying the idea of consciousnesses stuck in this Goddamn Quirk was. Even a fucking child was smarter than Yagi.
There were so many fucking idiots in the world and it literally pained Shouta to be living among them at times.
Shouta placed a hand on Midoriya’s head and said, putting as much comfort into his words as he could. “We’ve talked to Nedzu about it and he thinks that it’s imprints of their consciousnesses.” He paused and looked up. Perfect. In perfect view of a hidden security camera. “Though, we did throw around the idea of your Quirk being haunted for a few minutes there.”
The pure look of audacity on Midoriya’s face was pure Heaven.
It didn’t take long after the sound of the door shutting behind them echoed in the room. In fact it took no time at all for Harvey to have Donna pinned against the wall on the left to the doorframe once they had stumbled in the apartment, intoxicated with alcohol and need.
Their date had been quick, Harvey’s suggestive comments making Donna wish this goddamn dinner would end sooner so they could go home and get to everything he had been silently promising her. On the way home he had kept leaning close to whisper things in her ear. Things that included some of his plans for them and the sound of which made her flushed and horny on the entire ride back. Donna retaliated, once, by grabbing his bicep to pull him down until her breath was hot on his cheek and told him some demands of her own, his smug smirk being enough to assure her that he would leave her with no complaints.
And now they’re here. The fire inside her burning more than ever as she gasps in anticipation for the way he’s going to rock her world once again.
Soon.
His hands on her body feel electrifying, his grip on her firm and certain and fuck if his assertiveness isn’t a huge turn on.
His mouth finds hers and she’s instantly opening up to him, soft lips clasping together only to part and let their tongues meet. It’s a good kiss, perfect and thorough and she thinks Harvey always kisses her like that, but in a way, he also never has before. Because each time is new and different. It’s another chance to discover more of what being together feels like, and the years worth of denial and restraints make them want to savor each and every one of them.
When they’re both out of breath and they break apart Harvey loses no time, burying his face in her neck with his breath heavily hitting her skin. His mouth closes over that spot between her jaw and neck and she practically whimpers. She’s pressed between the heat of his body and the wall behind her as Harvey devours her neck, her, hungrily and she feels aroused enough, ready. He keeps sucking and grazing with his teeth before soothing with the wetness of his tongue and with each next lick and suction Donna feels weaker.
“Harvey,” his name is already falling from her lips, the moment his erection brushes against her leg and makes the feeling of having him fill her entirely slip into her mind.
She loves this, having him all around her. Kissing her, palming her, rubbing against her, worshipping her body in ways only he knows how. She enjoys every last bit of it. But she’s been promised something earlier and she can barely contain herself to not cry out in need of it because right now she just needs more of him.
Harvey’s lips are firmly glued on her throat, feeling the vibrations of her breathy moans as Donna tries to keep her legs from giving in to the heat of the moment.
“You’re hot.” He whispers in her ear. “Do you know that?” His voice is impossibly low and sensual, making her shiver at the words.
“I know, Harvey.” Donna barely manages to hastily get the sentence out as she feels the wet hot marks his mouth leaves beneath her ear. “Just…” She lets the word hang in the air but emphasizes it with a jerk of her hips, grinding against his hard cock and making him groan in response.
“Is this what you want?” His hands grab her ass forcibly pushing her body against his. She has already said it, so he knows it. With her voice low in his ear she asked for rough and hard, for him to make her scream and lose her mind and he’s ready to give her everything but not before teasing her to the brink. His plan is to make her lose her mind before he’s even inside her.
His palms roam her sides and conclude on her breasts, kneading heavily, and he pulls away only slightly to watch her, mouth ajar and eyes tightly shut, surrendering all control to him. His fingers undo the zipper on her back and help the dress pool around her feet. Harvey takes a moment to appreciate her body in the matching lace black lingerie she’s wearing, the contrast with the red hair falling on her shoulders, the transparent parts revealing porcelain pale skin. He thinks, my god she’s perfect.
“Fuck Donna,” he breaths as he leans in again to kiss her in a way that immediately leaves her breathless.
His arms wrap around her waist, pushing her off the wall and into his embrace, closing what little space was left between them. In the midst of all the heat and desire sparking around them Harvey’s gesture makes room for an oddly comforting and safe feeling, that of being held by him.
Harvey makes their way to the bed through the kiss, putting Donna in front of his own steps and making her stumble backwards in a dizzy state until her legs hit the mattress and he’s pushing her down and climbing up her body. Their eyes meet then, for the first time in a while, and the lust she finds in his makes heat rise to her cheeks. It’s a brief moment of their gazes locking and holding each other in place, taking in everything they spot there, exchanging desires and making them intensify.
He leans in, his lips close to hers without actually touching and the way he’s laying on top of her makes the length of his cock hardened underneath his pants rub against her center just so and God, this is about as much teasing as she can take. Donna’s right hand grabs the back of his neck to pull him in and he obliges, catching her soft lips in his, and then the corner of her mouth, moving lower to cover her in sloppy kisses.
He grabs her breast to squeeze, rolling the nipple between his fingers before following with his mouth closing on it, sucking. The wet heat of his mouth is soft and welcoming and Donna moans quietly as her other hand yanks at his clothes in any way she can, trying to drag them down and away.
Finally deciding to help her along, Harvey’s attention shifts to removing his pants and boxers and Donna curses at the loss of full contact between them while he does so, but she quickly gets busy discarding her own bra and panties. It’s worth the wait, she decides once she’s met with the sight of his fully erect cock, glorious and ready just for her. She feels the tip bump against her belly as Harvey lowers himself over her body and her brain is already running at a hundred miles per hour. Instinctively her hand comes to wrap around him and she groans in his mouth at how hard and perfect he is.
“Now, Harvey,” Donna pants, running her fingers over his head.
“Fuck,” he hisses, closing his eyes. She guides him to her entrance but his hand comes to stop her just as she’s about to reach her drenched folds.
“Be patient,” he says, his voice commanding and calm at the same time and the combination infuriates her and makes heat coil low in her belly, both in equal measure.
He lands two fingers on her pussy, spreading the juices pooling at her center all over her lips and it’s insane, how wet she is. When he flicks her clit a couple of times she whimpers long and loud.
“You’re so wet for me,” he mumbles against her lips and she wants to scream because she knows and that’s the whole point and he should just go ahead and do something about it. But his touch feels fucking amazing and so promising and she soon loses her resolve and her mind along with it.
She exchanges the grip she has on his cock for her hand in his short hair, messing it up and lowering his mouth back to her neck. His own palm wraps around his length and he strokes it a few times before directing himself back to her pussy. He slowly slides the tip up and down her lips, her wetness mixing with the precum and making the gentle sensation blow her mind entirely.
Ever since they started Donna has felt a constant spark go down her spine with each touch of Harvey’s skin against hers. She can’t even describe what he does to her. But this thing right here makes desire flow through her whole body, a sudden rush of arousal that almost has her pulsing.
She opens her eyes to catch his gaze and he gets it. He takes a second to line himself up with her center and enters her, bottoming out with one swift thrust that makes her gasp loudly, eyes rolling to the back of her head.
“Now?” He asks with a smirk but she can tell he’s not all that smug because a groan is hanging from his lips as well.
As he speeds up his thrusts he focuses on how tight and wet and warm she is around him and he thinks he’ll never get over how heavenly this feels with her. This whole thing started with the goal to get her off but Harvey slowly feels his sanity slip out of grasp as well, with the sounds Donna makes nesting directly into his brain and the scratches she leaves down his back setting fire to his skin.
He grabs her leg to hook it over his hip and change the angle, his next thrust making her cry out as a result. He found the right spot and it feels so fucking good and somehow she still needs more.
She tries to focus on the way he moves inside her, his size and the stretch around him delicious but it’s hard to concentrate when he’s all over her. Fuck it’s so good.
He is so good.
Harvey pinches her nipple with his fingers and hears Donna whimper helplessly underneath him. “Please.” It’s strangled as it escapes in between moans.
“What do you want?” She can practically feel him grin against her skin as he gets the words out and she hates him for doing this now, while he knows quite well what she’s in desperate need for.
“Goddammit Harvey. Just harder.” Her tone is on the line of frustrated and extremely turned on and as the world fades away she doesn’t care when or how, she just wants to get there. Feel more of him, harder, deeper.
He slams into her harder with his next movement and builds up the rhythm, pounding into her as he watches how her eyes flutter and then remain shut with pleasure.
“Yes. God, yes.” She is being way too loud tonight and it sounds amazing. There are few things Harvey likes more than having her like this, losing herself underneath his touch, or maybe, on a second thought, there’s nothing he likes quite as much. He chokes her laboured breaths with an open kiss.
Her moans and his name in gasps and the “fuck” and “harder” all blur together and morph into one sound as they chase their mutual release. She can feel she’s close and Harvey is filling her so well but it’s not enough and she needs to come now.
Donna’s hand slides between their bodies to find her clit, pressing lightly on the swollen bud and making her cry out at the extra stimulation that is just what’s needed to push her over the edge.
Knowing she’s about to come Harvey speeds up, fucks her even faster. She rubs in circles with her fingers for one, two seconds and that’s it, screaming his name she lets herself let go. Her fingers dig deep into his shoulders, unconsciously pulling him flat against her chest while she’s clenching around him uncontrollably, allowing Harvey to come with the next few thrusts.
He crashes down on her, burying his nose in the spot where her neck meets her shoulder, feeling their bodies tightly pressed together, flushed and sweaty.
The feeling of his warm breath tingling her skin as he’s trying to catch it and come back from the high of it all helps Donna ease back into reality. Her fingers run up the nape of his neck, caressing him and raking through his hair.
“Is that what you wanted?” Harvey murmurs against her neck.
“Yeah,” she replies softly, her voice all sweetness and honey.
“Good,” he says, lifting his head to look at her with a gentle expression. “Now I want us to go slow,” and he catches her lips in a soft and purposeful kiss.
He found her the beautiful moon Pokemon Cresselia she was hiding in an abandon building, before he could even think about catching her Cresselia looked at him and giggled, she spoke too him through his mind “So young trainer you want too capture my celestial beauty? No I don’t think so, but I will take something from you” Using her powers she removed his clothes with Lucas whimpering as he tried too cover his seven inch cock “Hmm not bad boy, better than my counterpart Darkrai” she swooped down onto him and proceed too kiss him, she forced her tongue down his throat earning moans from the trainer, soon he was holding her head and stroking her as they kissed “Mhmmm good choice” she swooped down and started too lick his cock, her long tongue swirling around his cock and balls Lucas grunted “W-wow your amazing, not even Dawn is this good” Cresselia removed her mouth from his cock with a slick pop and smiled at him“I’ll take the praise young one, now lay on the ground”
Lucas laid on the ground and Cresselia lowered herself till her tight pussy was enveloping Lucas’s cock “Mhmmm good boy this is a magnificent specimen” she bend down and kissed his again, swirling her tongue on his as she raised and lowered herself on the boys cock getting into a steady rhythm grunting with the boy as she was quickly bringing him too orgasm, her pussy leaking his cum, she smiled at him “Y-you know what promise too fuck me on a regular basis and I’ll gladly be your partner deal?”Lucas smiled and kissed her before answering “Deal”
END
Admit it you want too fuck one too…
“Coffee?” Kim looks over at Officer Samuel Innings, her assigned partner for her overtime shift. It’s the first time on the whole shift that Kim is glad, not irritated, at the sight of him—although it’s more to do with the coffee cup he’s holding out for her than him.
“Thanks.” She gives him a smile—he may be one of my most irritating people she’s ever met, but she’s still polite, especially when there’s coffee involved. Innings only needed to go into the shop because he needed the toilet—or, ‘needed to take a whiz’, as he so elegantly put ten minutes earlier—she didn’t expect that he’d pick her up a coffee. From what she had seen from the hours she’s already been on this shift, he’s annoying and she had thought not very considerate.
“It’s two sugars, no cream, right?” Innings double checked.
It’s not, but coffee is coffee so Kim smiles gratefully at him, nodding, before taking a sip, feeling better already knowing that coffee will be soon coursing through her body.
“Do you think we’re gonna get a call?” He only gives Kim a few seconds peace of silence before he speaks again and she has to resist so hard to not roll her eyes. Innings is young, green, and maybe his eagerness could be seen as admirable if it wasn’t so grating. He has no restraint, nattering on and bothering her, and offering his unsolicited complaints about what members of public they’ve dealt with in this shift.
He’s not the kind of partner she’d like on her regular shift, but even more on this graveyard shift, when she’s tired, when she’s already in a mood, when all she wants is just peace and quiet.
He almost makes her wish she had taken Sean up on his offer to join her on this shift. Kim had turned him down, stating she didn’t want to take away his day off just because she’s giving it up—and of course, that was a reason for it, but it wasn’t the only reason.
She just wanted silence, monotony, and she wouldn’t get that with Sean. Her mind is clouded, and he—as well intended as Kim’s sure he is—would only make it worse. But she hadn’t anticipated Innings, and is debating if the devil she knows would’ve been better than the devil she doesn’t.
“You never know.” She says in answer to his question. Her voice is dry, plain, monotone, not having it in her to bring any fake interest or life into it, even if she’s making sure she’s still being polite. Officers talk, and she doesn’t want to be known as a bitch who was in a mood—even if she’s very much feeling that way.
“I hope we do. But nothing like that last call, breaking up drunken sluts is no fun. Like they’re so dramatic, just go home with whatever man you picked up and fuck him and leave us out of it.” Kim screws up her nose at his words, taking another sip of her coffee to hide her disgust at his attitude, making a mental note to tell Trudy about it.
Not that she might necessary be able to do anything about it; Kim’s been outsourced to a beat in another district, Innings not working at hers. Trudy’s wrath would come down like a wall of bricks on any officer in the twenty-first that she gets a whiff of this kind of attitude, but Innings reports to a different desk Sargent.
Although, Trudy Platt is a formidable woman, and Kim knows that she’ll take this up with the other desk Sargent, and god help him if he doesn’t at least hear Platt out.
Even when Kim was new at the twenty-first, she was glad that she had Platt as a desk sergeant, admiring her no nonsense personality. She’s exactly the kind of Sargent cops need, and as Kim listens to Innings prattle on, it makes her wonder whatever possessed her to sign up for this overtime, to willingly seek work—willing seek to interact with officers who aren’t Trudy’s—outside her district.
Of course, Kim does know what possessed her. When seeking this, she had told everyone—well, Platt, Adam and Roman—that she wanted the overtime money, for the expenses in her near future. It’s believable, and it won’t hurt to have the money, of course.
Even though Kim has her doubts whether or not she’ll actually need it—those expenses will only happen if they can actually set a date for their wedding and pick out a place to live. And as more time goes on, the less convinced she becomes that it’ll actually happen.
Which, really, is why she chose to work on her day off.
Everything in her life, her feelings, her relationship, Adam, it’s all very confusing in her head currently and the thought of sitting at home, doing nothing but letting it continue to fester, was an unbearable one.
Kim can’t help but feel guilty, though. It’s also Adam’s day off, and since Intelligence has been thigh deep in a case recently, they haven’t spent much time together and the time they have, all they’ve done is fight—if they’ve even done much talking. It’s usually silent, even when they’re curled up on the couch together, the silence permeates through the air, making it feel like they’re worlds apart.
But she also knows it being Adam’s day off makes this a good decision even more. There’s some serious questions that Kim’s having to ponder upon, and she fears that if they were alone, no work or distractions, they might truly fight. Most of their fights end before they begin—verbally, at least—them exchanging a few heated words before they let their deafening silence say all the things they don’t.
But if they were alone, Kim fears that things might come to blows. And as much as she’s questioning her relationship with Adam, questioning his commitment to them, to her, to their future, she really doesn’t want that to happen. She doesn’t want to call quits on their relationship. And she knows how dangerously close they are to that happening; all it’ll take is one wrong thing to occur.
Like her, accidentally, in anger, yelling her half formed thoughts, her ineloquently put feelings about all what is annoying her.
They need the space, that’s what she tells herself. In a few days, Adam—and Bob Ruzek—will be meeting her mother, and while that won’t fix things, or makes her think they’ll set a date—even if that’s what Roman assumes she thinks—but it’ll be a hurdle they’ve gotten over, which means there’ll be one less hurdle in their way.
One hurdle closer to getting their relationship back in sync, to return to how they were, to being married and happy, even if it feels like they’ll never get there in this moment.
“Burgess? Burgess?” Kim is pulled out her thoughts by Innings, him lightly prodding at her. She’s alert straight away, going to her radio, assuming she had missed a call.
She hasn’t, as Innings quickly explains. He had just been talking to her and she had zoned out. He did, at least, apologize for alarming her.
“Sorry, my mind was somewhere else. What was you saying?” Kim really couldn’t care less what he was saying, but the politeness in her overrides.
“Your ring. I was asking if you’re engaged.” Innings indicates to her ring, and Kim smiles down at it for a couple seconds, reliving the happiness she felt when Adam first gave it to her months ago in her memories.
“Yeah, I am.” There’s a slight giddy feeling in her stomach, like butterflies flapping their wings, at the thought of Adam—her fiancé—and it’s the feeling that is what keeps her wanting to wait out this storm—even if she runs away like this on their days off—because surely, if she still feels like that, even if it’s lessened, if it’s hiding more from her, then the relationship is worth fighting for.
“What does he do?” Innings then asks.
“He’s a cop too. A patrol officer assigned to Intelligence.” Kim answers, while thinking that the pride that still swells in her heart as she talks about him is another reason to keep fighting. And suddenly, the guilt over leaving Adam alone on their day off surges and all she wants to do is go to him, to cuddle up and kiss him all over his face in apology—even if he didn’t know she needs to.
“Wow. Snagged yourself a good man, there.” Innings says and she’s annoyed at the words he used, at his tone, how Kim gets the impression that he’s more impressed with Adam’s achievements than he would be hers, but she repeats his words in her mind, because she has, and she wonders if her forgetting that might be the reason for their problems.
Luckily, they get some calls after that, and Kim doesn’t have to deal with just how much Innings irritates her—although his attitude towards the public really rubs her up wrong.
“Kim? I didn’t know you worked nights.” It’s a few hours later, and they’ve stopped into a twenty-four hour diner to get some coffee and a bite to eat and right as Kim gets served, she runs into Bob Ruzek, her future father in law.
As if her night couldn’t get any worse.
Adam’s father is not one of her favourite people, to say the least. She’s accepted that he’ll have to be a part of her life, of her children’s, and that Adam loves his dad but unexpectedly running into him is not something she’s very happy about.
“Bob, hi,” That politeness overrides again, and she greets her future father in law with a smile. For Adam, she reminds herself. He’s Adam’s dad, and Adam’s going to have to deal with the neuroticism that is her mother soon, so she can deal.
“I don’t usually, I’m putting in some overtime. The wedding won’t pay for itself,” Kim answers him, cracking a light smile, laughing slightly.
They chat for a few minutes, nothing too deep or substantial. Kim always wanted to have a good relationship with her in-laws growing up, but she’s glad that Bob seemingly doesn’t want to spend much time getting to know her like she feels towards him. From the corner of her eye, she sees Innings looking at her, and them, clearly trying to work out how they know each other.
“Right, I should be off.” Kim tells him as her food is handed over to her.
“Yeah. Tell Adam I said hi.” Bob nods and she forces a smile, hoping it doesn’t seem strained.
“Will do. Bye—until this Saturday, of course.” She says, referencing their arranged meal. Bob frowns, looking confused.
“What’s this Saturday?”
“The meal with my mom?” Kim prompts him, but Bob’s face is looking blank. Annoyance bubbles up in her, at him forgetting but then dots connect and she realises that Bob isn’t being the worst father in law right now—that he hasn’t forgotten, he just hasn’t been told.
Adam didn’t tell his dad.
Adam lied to her that he did.
“Never mind,” Kim waves him off, casually, even though her world is crumbling around her. They had discussions about how important this dinner is, how it’ll be unpleasant but they need it, and Adam had looked her in the eye and said his dad was on-board.
And he hadn’t even bothered to ask him, to tell him.
Roman had been saying from the start that Adam is just in this for the fun things, not the commitment, not the gruelling stuff. Her partner means well—even if sometimes it feels like he’s being contrary just for the sake of it—and Kim always listens to him because, well, because he’s her partner, but even when Adam failed that push test Roman recommended, she didn’t put much stock in what Roman had been saying.
She really should’ve.
But typical Kim, typical naive, always believing the best in people Kim, thought that even though Adam and her have been out of sync, even though any time any serious conversations comes up it seems like Adam doesn’t listen or pay attention, even though things haven’t been exactly good, Kim thought they both had the same end goal. To be married, happy, in a strong relationship.
Evidently, she was wrong.
Even though Adam has been letting her talk about this dinner. Even though he knows how nervous she is for him to meet her mom. Even though he knew all this, he still looked her in the eye and he lied to her.
Had told her he talked to his dad. Had told her Bob agreed. Had told her all this, had told her that he understood how important this was to her.
He had held her in their—his, because they still haven’t found a place that is theirs—bed and told her this all while knowing he was lying.
Kim spends the rest of her shift in a daze, trying to wrap her mind around this. Trying to process that everything Roman said was right, that Adam isn’t serious, that he doesn’t want to be married, that he doesn’t want to be on the hook.
That Adam’s just prolonging and putting off the wedding, doing everything he can too, because he doesn’t want to marry her.
Even though he was the one who proposed.
Kim’s mind wasn’t even thinking about marriage, before he proposed. Yes, the thought that she would like to—one day—marry him had propped up, of course it had. Adam is sweet, loving. He made her laugh, smile and comforted her when she had nightmares. And he was vulnerable around her, not afraid to show his softness... Of course thinking about making that man her husband had crossed her mind.
But as a serious thought, as a thought to happen at this time... That wasn’t even near close to being a thought in her head into she saw that ring.
Why would he do that, why would he introduce marriage into the equation, if it wasn’t serious about marrying her, about making her his wife and building a life with her?
It’s the morning when Kim’s shift finishes, and Adam’s still slumbering away in their—his—bed when she comes home. Normally, she’d concentrate on how cute, how peaceful he looks when he sleeps but she feels sick at the sight of him, all these thoughts and questions flooding her mind.
There’s room in the bed for her to climb into, but she can’t—she just can’t. Not when she’s just learnt this. She can’t lay her head next to his with betrayal sits in her heart, burning like a fierce woodland fire.
She grabs some spare blankets and pillows and sets up something on the sofa. She knows that when Adam wakes up, and sees her there, he’ll know something is up, something is wrong but Kim can’t find it in herself to care—not even with the knowledge that she had told Adam that she was sleeping for, hopefully, twelve hours today, so he’d know he wouldn’t get an answer to why she was on the sofa for hours.
When Kim comes too, it’s not the uncomfortable sofa lying under her back, but the nice comfortableness of Adam’s bed. She frowns slightly, as she sits up, confused to as she got here. She wonders, briefly, if she had imagined falling asleep on the couch before her mind wakes up properly and she realises that Adam must’ve carried her in here.
A sweet gesture like that would usually dampen the angry fire burning away in her heart but it doesn’t now; she’s too angry for it to. In fact, Kim thinks, it spurs on the fire, adding kindling to the flames, because how dare he move her? How dare he act as if he cares for her, as he clearly doesn’t, if he can look her in the eye and lie to her.
It’s not long before Kim’s heading out the bedroom, going to the living room. Sounds of Adam’s video games rings out and a darkness grips her heart as she wonders if the gesture wasn’t even that sweet, if it’s just because he needed the sofa to play his stupid games.
The gesture did nothing to melt her heart, but the thought of Adam not being motivated with kindness makes it more stony.
Kim is glad she doesn’t enter the room, guns blazing, as when she does, she sees that Adam is not alone, that Kevin is over, playing with him. She normally loves seeing the two most important men in her life hanging out, the sight always making her heart twist, but just like when she woke up in bed, in does nothing for her now.
“Hey, darlin’,” Adam spots her first, glancing briefly away from the TV to give her a smile. Kevin is then greeting her and she wishes she wasn’t so angry that she could even think about greeting Kevin back.
“You’ve been asleep for ages—I’m sorry about taking up all the bed. I assume that’s why you were on the sofa?” Adam continues talking, his eyes still looking at the TV as he does so, having not realised that something is up.
“Adam, stop the game.” Kim’s voice is devoid of it’s usual warmth.
“I will in a sec. Sorry, darlin’, I’m just so close to beating Kev,” Adam still doesn’t realise.
“The game’s not over yet, Ruzek.” Kevin apparently hasn’t either.
“Adam.” The word is chilled. “Turn it off. We need to talk, now. Kev, please, if you could leave.”
The game is paused then, the two turning to look at her. It’s almost comical how identical their oh fuck expressions are, and if Kim wasn’t so angry, so betrayed, so confused, she might’ve laughed at it.
Kevin moves first, quickly scrambling to get his stuff together, clearly seeing she means business. “Yeah, I should get home before Vinessa and Jordan do and wants dinner. Uh, nice seeing you. Bye.”
Kevin is not someone anyone messes with, even Adam having a moment of being spooked by him and the damage he could do to a person. But he looks like nothing more than a timid schoolboy now, as he hurries on out.
“What’s wrong, darlin’?” Adam asks as soon as Kevin shuts the door, having turned off the TV. He rises and he goes to come near here, his arms out, looking concerned. But she steps back, not wanting him anywhere near her.
“Why didn’t you tell your dad about the dinner?” She cuts straight to the point. Kim can see the moment, the oh shit moment, that Adam gets what she’s on about, but he plays dumb because apparently he wants to anger her more.
“What do you mean?”
“You know exactly what I mean. On my shift, I ran into your dad and I mentioned Saturday—only he had no idea what I was on about. So yeah, Adam, I know you know what I mean.” Really, Kim is surprised how even she manages to keep her voice.
“I..uh.. I...” He flounders and Kim’s anger rises.
“It’s a simple question! You had a reason for not telling him, so tell me it.” when continues to flounder, Kim snaps. “Or don’t. It’s okay. I know why—you don’t want to marry me.”
“I—what?” Adam stares at her.
“I knew this was coming, I guess. But just answer me this—why lie? You do realise I’m going to have to tell my mother this? My mother! And she might not be your mother in law, now, but she’s still my mother and god, I thought you’d care enough about me to at least not create another thing for her to hold over me. And what was your end goal, tell me that? What was you going to do, on Saturday, when you needed to explain why Bob wasn’t coming?” Kim rants at him, letting all her hurt and betrayal out.
“I, uh. I was going to say that he cancelled, for overtime?” Adam looks sheepish, his expression showing he knows he fucked up.
“So, let me recap. Instead of just saying you don’t want to marry me you: lied, ensured you’d break my heart, make me think your dad prioritised overtime over his son and his son’s fiancée and what? Was you going to ditch my mom and I, as well?” Kim had thought her last boyfriend had told her the most outlandish lie ever, that she had left those days behind her.
“I’ll admit, it wasn’t very well thought out. But, baby, I promise you, it wasn’t because I don’t want to marry you. I love you, I want to marry you. With all my heart, darlin’, I swear.” She has to admit, with his earnest he sounds, how genuinely distraught he looks, Kim almost believes him.
“If that’s true, then why? Why would you ever lie about this? What do you have to gain from it?!” She asks, desperation and confusion clawing at her voice. Adam runs a hand through his hair, and it takes a few seconds, with a lot of hesitation, but then he’s speaking, explaining himself.
“Because! Because I was scared. Scared that if you really got to know Bob Ruzek, and saw how rude he no doubt would be to your mom, that you’d realise what kind of man he is? That he’s a screw up and not a particularly good man—or dad, honestly—and that... I was scared that you’d see who he really is, and think I’m the same. That you’d jump ship before you got yourself locked in with the junior Ruzek screw-up.” Adam started off loud, desperate, but ends so quiet, so sad it immediately puts out the flames in her heart, and her heart twists and all what she was feeling fades away, her love coming back tenfold and she questions why she ever doubted him.
“Adam. I already know that. Do you really think I like your father? I’ll deal, because he’s your pops, but I know who he really is.” Adam’s head jerks up at her words, a look Kim has never seen on his face before appearing and she realises that he hasn’t quite understood.
“But Adam, Adam look at me,” Kim moves towards him now, gently resting her hands on either side of his jaw, making him look at her. “And I know who you are. I know you’re not your father, because you are not a screw-up. You are a good man. Today? My partner asked about my fiancé, and I was so filled with pride at even the thought of you because I know exactly who you are.”
Kim knows she’s going to have to spend time questioning why she didn’t think to hear Adam out first, she knows it as she says this and realises the answers to all the questions she’s been having lately doesn’t lie in her head, or in the mouth of others like Roman, or even in Adam’s actions that initially confuses her, when she doesn’t give him a chance to explain; the answers aren’t anywhere but in her own heart.
Because she knows Adam Ruzek, her fiancé. And he is a good man, a man who loves her, who would never hurt her. A man who loves her so much that after just a year wanted to make her his wife.
A man who’s not perfect, who’s flawed and human—just like she, and everyone else is. And that means his behaviour will hurt and be confusing, but that doesn’t negate what she knows is in his heart.
“Kim, darlin’. If that’s true, then why would you think I don’t want to marry you? It’s okay, I know I’m a screw up and that I’ve been on borrowed time to have even a bit of you.” Adam says, quietly, resting his forehead against hers and her heart aches, hurts, as she realises just how much he hurts inside, how little he thinks of himself.
And that’s when she knows she doesn’t care when they get married, or move in properly, or any of that—all she cares about is making sure he knows, for the rest of his life, that he’s a good man, a definitely not a screw-up.
“I thought it because I was being stupid. I got caught up in this whole thing, this rut we’ve been in. I probably put more stock in other’s opinions more than what I know in my heart. But, baby, I know now. I promise. I love you,” Kim gently tilts her head to kiss him, softly, on his lips. She used to think the most love was in the passionate, all consuming kisses.
But loving Adam taught her that it’s these kinds of kisses that show the most love. The soft, gentle but oh so filled with love, affection, adoration kisses. The only kisses done when you truly know someone, when you love them all the way down, deep into your bones, your soul.
And that’s how she loves Adam.

"'I did my time, and I want out,'" Revenant flatly chants, "'So effusive fade, it doesn't cut...'"
"Do you want me to join in, friend? I'm pretty good at harmony!"
Revenant grits his teeth, remembers he doesn't have those, then slowly grunts through the rest of the verse, hoping to drown out Pathfinder's voice.
MRVNs. Always saccharine. Always a pain. And Path is the worst. Ugh.
"'And the rain will kill us all,' Good God I wish it would," the simulacrum continues.
Pathfinder starts bobbing his head, humming in time with Revenant's droll chanting of the lyrics. The trouble with this, however, is that any movement is enough to start them swaying.
And they very much do, gently rocking back and forth, upside down, just below the salvage rig on King's Canyon. So much for Pathfinder's "dynamic repositioning." Sure, he's successfully swung underneath the rig before, but he had never done it while tugging someone else along for the ride. Now the two of them are stuck here, tangled together in Pathfinder's grappling line.
Somehow, somehow, this is worse than an eternity of torment.
At least the ocean's pretty. Those rocks are a beautiful shape in the distance. Wait... no, that's a pile of Leviathan dung. No matter what, everything's shit for Revenant, isn't it?
All he has to do is wait for someone to come find them. That could take hours at this rate. The cheapskates in charge of the games apparently only run the laser death ring at a certain height above sea level now. Something about "preserving coastal sea life." And that means that Revenant and Pathfinder now get some quality time under the rig, painfully alive, until someone goes looking for them.
"Okay, enough with the swinging."
"Sorry, Revenant. That tune is very catchy!"
"You are the last person I want to sing with, tin can."
"I'm glad you're up for singing, though! Those first few hours of screaming and growling were... a lot."
"Do you know what else is 'a lot,' Pathfinder?" Revenant asks, acid dripping out of his voicebox.
"The amount of time we've been here?"
"'A lot' is how much I'm going to cut you when we get loose. 'A lot' is how many skinsuits are going to be buried after that. 'A lot' is how much I'm going dance on the graves of this damn universe when I outlive everything else."
"That is a lot. Could we skip the 'cutting me' part and dance together? I want to see how you bust a move!"
What was the point? He couldn't get anything over on the MRVN, and nothing scared him since he found out the truth about his creators. Nothing is more annoying than an optimist with nothing to lose.
"I'm not dancing for you. Not ever, and certainly not now."
"I know that this isn't ideal, being stuck in bondage, but at least we're in bondage together!"
Revenant begins to pray internally, "Azrael. Thanatos. Yama. Osiris. Lord Bezos. Hel. Shinigami. All the other reapers out there I probably forgot... listen... I know we've had some disagreements, what with me not believing in you... but could you do me a solid? Can my source code get smashed against an asteroid? Or just eaten by some space possum? I don't care if it has to be embarrassing. Can't be worse than this. Hell, I'll even take getting reincarnated into a dandelion or something at this point. Or a barista. It doesn't have to be dignified, is what I'm getting at. Just, y'know, pop, and I'm out. You can even use my soul like a jigsaw puzzle. I'm sure you've got some nice supernatural coffee tables I could sit on."
Is that pressure on one of his claws? Has the grappling line somehow gotten tighter there? No, it's a much thicker clamp than the wire.
This can't be real.
Revenant asks, "Are you holding my hand?"
"I thought it might make you feel better! Sometimes Mirage wants me to hold his hand when he's had a lot to drink..."
A pause.
"I probably shouldn't have told you that."
"LET GO OF ME."
Pathfinder loosens his grip and can feel Revenant shaking in rage. He pokes the bear further (but in a loving way).
"Would you like some positive words of affirmation? I know lots of compliments and ways to uplift people after my therapist job."
"I will affirm your metal ass."
"My ass is actually made of metal, carbon fiber, nitrile, and MDPE."
"I didn't ask for a shopping list."
"I'm sorry if I made you angry... and that I got us into this."
"It might surprise you, but I don't give a shit."
"Can I ask you a question?"
Revenant wishes he could unscrew his head at will. Actually, he'll probably ask the wrench girl if that's something she can work up.
"You're gonna ask it anyways, so just get it over with."
"Does being angry make things better?"
"If I stab something enough it stays gone."
"Have you tried stabbing your anger?"
"I-" this gives Revenant pause. There's no way that makes sense, right? But slowly, it somehow does. He can't die. He can't change the past. He can't really be rid of everyone else. He can't find his source code. All he can really do is be angry and fight... but that wakes up the rage and revenge too. But what is anger if not a push to correct what is wrong? What is anger if not a blade? And what is a blade without skill? Useless, that's what. He's just useless...
No. He's been everyone else's slave for so long. Hammond, the Syndicate, Loba, and now his own rage. It's time to use some skill and control. He is a professional, after all.
But Pathfinder must never know that he helped. Revenant would never hear the end of it.
They hang there in silence. Revenant is now also stuck mentally. How do you stab your own anger?
You accept it. You enjoy life in spite of it. You rise above it, even when tied to a robot, hanging upside down as the seaspray soars from the rocks and into your eyes.
"Do you know the words to 'Duality,' Path?"
"You bet! I know the full album it comes from!"
Together, they whisper, "I push my fingers into my eyes," then continue singing the best they can: Revenant in his drone, Pathfinder with a cheery voice that does not fit the music at all. They go through every song, every album, and then find more bands they have stored away in the memory banks. Revenant will eventually grow tired of all the singing and do his best to sleep. It will be a couple days before they're found. And Revenant will still get angry and impatient with Pathfinder in that time.
But for this moment, there's music. There's friendship. And, most vibrantly, a happiness out of pure spite.
The speed at which Choji collides with the arena’s outer wall plucks the air from his lungs as if it were never his to breathe. Black spots dot his vision, and he knows, without a doubt, that he’s lost the match.
He’s failed yet again—and this time  publicly   .
The last things he sees before losing consciousness are the searing indigo eyes and fierce tawny wings of the boy who’d been too shy to return his smile.
Asuma promised pork. Little else matters. Choji isn’t going to dwell on failing the Chunin Exams when the mouth-watering smell of barbecue is coiling through the air and teasing his senses. It’s just not his style.
He enters his favorite shop with the swagger of a sage gambler strolling into a casino and beelines for an open table, Team 10 trailing behind him.
“Hold on, Choji,” Asuma says, clapping his hand firmly on his student’s shoulder and steering him toward a table that’s already seating four.
“Taishiro!” Asuma greets, his cigarette tucked into the crook of his smile. “Got room for more?”
“Always,” the larger man replies with a face-splitting grin.
He’s called  Fat Gum , Choji recollects as he slides into the booth beside a dark-haired girl with onyx eyes. Despite being a foreign shinobi, the Hidden Leaf knows him well.
“Team 10,” Asuma introduces. “Ino, Shikamaru, and Choji.” He points to each in turn before taking a seat.
“Pleasure is ours. This is Momo, Eijirou, and Tamaki.” Taishiro points to the dark-haired girl beside Choji. She offers them a polite smile as her team captain gestures to a redhead and the sorry lump beside him that Choji hadn’t realized was a person.
“Hey!” Eijirou beams, flashing Team 10 a shark-toothed smile. His teeth look sharp enough to shred through meat, no matter the toughness. Choji’s a bit jealous.
“We fought you guys in the Chunin Exams.” Eijirou pounds his fists together in front of his chest. There isn’t a competitive edge to his tone, though. His expression is good-natured and sportsmanly.
“Sure did,” Ino says, grinning back and tucking a loose strand of hair behind her ear.
“It was an honor to compete against such talented shinobi,” Momo murmurs, bowing her head politely. A light dusting of pink highlights her cheeks, and Choji can’t help but compare her mannerisms to Hinata. However, the playful quirk of her lips quickly dissipates the idea.
Already slouched in his seat, Shikamaru sighs, his head resting back against the booth, eyes closed and lips drawn in a bored frown. The lump named Tamaki, whose oddly familiar white cloak hides his head where it lays on the table, doesn’t speak or attempt to join the conversation. Choji can see a slight tremor in his shoulders, though, and wonders if the boy is alright.
Maybe he’s nursing an injury from the exams. Choji definitely is; his back and ribs are still sore from being slammed into that concrete wall.
“Tamaki’s working on his delicate nerves,” Taishiro explains when Asuma shoots him a questioning look. “We’re celebrating his promotion to Chunin today. He’s as strong as any Jonin, but it’ll be awhile before he can earn that rank with his mentality.”
“How about it.” Asuma nods. “Congrats, kid.”
“Thank you,” Tamaki whispers against the table, the sound muffled and incredibly strained.
“C’mon, Tamaki.” Eijirou nudges his companion in the side. “They don’t bite.”
“Oh, we bite,” Ino corrects, a wicked glint in her eye.
A small smile tugs at Choji’s lips. Ino’s always so competitive, as if she was born to contrast Shikamaru and his laid-back nature. Then again, the trio  was  born to be a team. So perhaps, their dispositions were predetermined by a cosmic force beyond their level of comprehension. The thought makes him snicker.
“I’d really rather just go home,” Tamaki says, raising his head from the table. “We don’t need to celebrate. Your expectations already weigh on me. It’s cruel.”
His gaze flashes across the group as he turns to lean his cheek on the booth’s backing.
Choji blinks.  Those indigo eyes.
He’s seen them before.
“Hey, Choji. Isn’t that the kid that knocked you out?” Ino asks, her finger poised at the corner of her mouth as she appraises Tamaki.
The boy in question goes rigid and pulls his cloak’s hood down over his face. Choji feels bad for the guy. It’s hard to believe he’s the same shinobi that he faced in the Chunin Exams.
“God, Ino. You’re such a drag,” Shikamaru groans without bothering to crack his eyes open. “Leave the man alone, will you?”
“Oh, yeah. I guess.” Choji nods, answering Ino. “Good match, Tamaki. Sorry I couldn’t congratulate you sooner.”
“It’s fine,” Tamaki says, his voice soft through his cloak’s fabric.
Silence falls over the table’s guests, heightening the restaurant’s ambient sounds. A balmy breeze gently sways the shopfront’s paper lanterns. Purple and yellow light dances across their faces. The hot, heady smell of meat is stronger now than before, and Choji is practically drooling as he scans the establishment, looking for a waiter.
He didn’t come here to chitchat, though he’ll admit the company is nice. No, he’s  starving , and he’s going to hold Asuma to his promise. So, it’s about time they got down to business.
A snake-eyed waitress with oddly familiar purple face marking takes their order and returns with drinks. On one side of the table, Momo and Eijirou are engaged in a conversation with Ino about her family’s flower shop, and Shikamaru appears to be napping, though Choji knows better.
On the other side, Taishiro and Asuma are talking about missions from years past, their glory days, and youth. Neither pays much mind to their students’ idle chatter.
Choji’s attention lands on Tamaki. He’s removed his hood, but his gaze doesn’t connect with anyone. While Choji isn’t one to stare, he’s curious about Tamaki and can’t help returning to the dark-haired boy, even if just in thought.
A tickle in the back of Choji’s mind reminds him of the boy’s peculiar kekkei genkai. During their match, he’d been able to transform parts of his body into powerful animal limbs: wings, talons, shells, and even tentacles. It was like nothing he’d ever seen before.
Taishiro must be right,  Choji thinks: Tamaki could easily be a Jonin.
So, what holds him back? What does he have to fear that makes him so timid?
Choji’s mind wanders—an impressive feat, given how much his stomach is grumbling.
According to Shikamaru, Choji is the Ino–Shika–Cho trio’s brawn—a pawn meant to distract the enemy while the brains and beauty incapacitate them. Looking at Team Fat Gum, Choji wonders if the foreign shinobi share a similar dynamic.
He can easily tell that Eijirou is more  brawn  than  brains   ,  though the spirited Genin is certainly bright. Momo is the most well-spoken member of the group and has a keen eye, which means she must be the brains. That leaves Tamaki.
There’s something more to him than impressive jutsu and debilitating shyness, though—something that hovers just out of reach of Choji’s grasp.
Tamaki’s indigo eyes catch Choji’s gaze. He swallows and diverts his attention toward the ceiling. Choji merely blinks, but Tamaki looks as though he wishes he could fly away…
Choji smiles. He understands now.
Tamaki is a caterpillar.
One day, he’ll emerge from his chrysalis, his tawny feathers replaced by gossamer wings—not unlike the butterfly that visits Choji’s heart when he’s deep in reflection.
Then, Tamaki will have the strength to face his enemies with the same searing heat he’d had in the arena. On that day, he’ll be able to smile back.
At least, that’s what Choji hopes. It’s a somewhat selfish wish. In truth, Choji wants that for Tamaki because, more than anything, he wants it for himself.
Choji may not be shy, but he is kind to a fault, which is an exploitable weakness. So, he hopes for the best—for himself and Tamaki. He hopes because, if Tamaki can, surely he can overcome his nature too.
Tamaki’s eyes drift back to Choji, and he grimaces when he sees he’s still being watched. Choji grins and looks away, sparing his kindred brother further anxiety.
As if on cue, their food arrives, and conversations turn to topics like passing plates and grabbing chopsticks.
“Let’s have a toast.” Asuma rubs his chin, his eyes crinkling as he surveys the table.
Choji’s stomach protests. There’s meat right in front of him, for crying out loud. Still, he can’t deny his sensei this request.
“To Tamaki’s promotion to Chunin,” Asuma says warmly. His gaze drifts over to his own students. “And to our Shikamaru, whose outstanding performance earned him a promotion to Chunin as well.”
“Well done,” Momo murmurs.“Oh, yeah!” Ino yells, her arm looped around an unhappy Shikamaru’s neck.
“To going beyond.” Eijirou smiles, fist-bumping Tamaki’s shoulder.
“To raising our expectations,” Fat Gum says, clinking cups with Asuma.
“Enough of that!” Choji interjects, his stomach growling ravenously. He can’t wait for a second longer. “Let’s eat!”
I will delete this in a few days.
Reno: Alright, boss.  Interrogation room B will be dark tonight from 2200-2259 for a ‘software update.’  Remind me why you need this favor?
Angeal: The gil in your wallet should be all the reminder you need.  Thank you.
Reno: Right. Pleasure doing business with you.
Angeal checked his PHS one last time to assure that his timing was correct.  That he had the right date, the right time, the right room.  That he had a backup plan in place should anything go awry.  After all, he had carefully crafted his reputation at Shinra, and it was important that it remain untarnished lest he lose the clout he’d earned.
He entered the room at 2201, wearing his standard issue uniform and toting a small backpack, and took a seat in one of the metal chairs that stood on either side of the table bolted to the floor of the room.  It wouldn’t be long.  His mentee was known for being energetic and overenthusiastic, but he was also known for being punctual.
2204 glowed a garish shade of red from the clock above the doorway.  Any second now.  Angeal unzipped the sack and reached inside to map out the locations of the few items he’d brought with him, ensuring he wouldn’t have to dig to find what he needed.
At 2205, a knock sounded at the door.
Zack Fair, SOLDIER Third Class, stood outside, bouncing on the balls of his feet while he waited for a response.  Nerves cut through his usually vivacious energy and tempered his smile with lines of worry.  Orientation to the SOLDIER program had been hard, but Angeal had warned him that this class would be especially intense, that Shinra saved it until close to the end of orientation for a reason.  Still, he was determined to do well, to make his mentor proud and to prove he’d earned his place in Shinra’s ranks.
“Come in,” Angeal called, assuming a relaxed posture in the chair.  Or, as relaxed a posture as one could manage while sitting on a small frame of steel that was clearly designed for somebody of a slighter build.
Almost immediately, his mentee ducked around the door, ruffling his spikes.  With his enhancements only a few months behind him, he filled out the light blue uniform nicely, the evidence of his extra training sessions clear in the shadows that outlined his musculature.  Even as a Trooper, he’d been a star pupil, studying hard and practicing regularly after hours.  If it hadn’t been for the age requirement, he would have become one of Shinra’s elite long before his eighteenth birthday.  Funny, the randomly selected moral grounds that such an unscrupulous company chose to stand upon.
“Sir?  Is there anybody else coming, or should I close the door?”
“Close it.  Interrogation training is one-on-one as interrogations in the field are rarely, if ever, performed in groups.”
Convinced, Zack nodded and pressed the heavy, soundproofed door shut behind him.  It wasn’t the first time he’d had individualized lessons.  Having a mentor, especially one of Firsts, came with perks.  However, that didn’t keep the small hairs at the nape of his neck from prickling as they rose.
“Have a seat,” Angeal said and gestured at the chair across the table.  “You look nervous.”
“Kinda creepy up here at night, Sir,” Zack admitted as he settled into place.  Training sometimes happened during off hours, but the dark empty hallways and eerie silence gave the whole place an ominous vibe.
“Well, interrogations are best performed at night, when the subject has been deprived of sleep to lower their defenses.  We try our best to replicate those conditions when possible.”
Wild black hair bobbed as Zack nodded his head in understanding.  Anxiety brimmed over, causing him to pick at his clothes and bounce his knee, completely at odds with the kind-hearted confidence he typically emanated.  A warmth bloomed in Angeal’s gut at the sight, though he kept his facial expression neutral.
“With all due respect, Commander Hewley, aren’t interrogations usually left to the Turk division?”
“Zack, this training isn’t about learning how to get information out of another party.  This training is about learning to withstand their efforts to get information out of you.”
The “oh” that Zack whispered was barely audible.  Unable to hold still, he swallowed hard and toyed with the collar of his shirt.  Angeal swore could hear the pounding of Zack’s heart against his ribs.
Then again, maybe the quick thumping was merely the echo of Angeal’s blood against his own eardrums.  No matter his outward appearance, he was excited for his plan to come to fruition.  He’d thought over what to do and what to say more times than he could count, yet in this moment, it took overwhelming discipline to prevent him from rushing straight to the point.
“Do you have any idea how an enemy would go about interrogating one of us?”
Angeal cocked an eyebrow at his mentee, watching Zack search his brain for an answer he’d never been taught.
“Um… I don’t know, Sir.  Force, I guess?”
“The body of a SOLDIER heals remarkably fast,” Angeal lectured, reaching into his bag to pull out a single item, which he hid within his palm.  “Every enemy of Shinra knows this, and thus, knows that physical force will have a very limited effect.  More than likely, our opposition will employ techniques that target the psyche instead.”
Bright blue eyes tracked Angeal’s every movement, watched him push back from the table, watched him stand, watched him pace.  Judging by Zack’s wide-eyed stare, Angeal consumed his entire focus, and the realization was heady and powerful.  It made his spine straighter, stroking the ego he’d convinced everybody around him he didn’t have.
“T-target the psyche how, Sir?”
When Angeal walked behind him, Zack went completely still, staring straight ahead now that his target was no longer in a visible position.  Angeal placed a hand at the base of Zack’s neck and gently squeezed.  Anxiety was good, a fuel to the fire.  Too much anxiety, however, could result in their session ending far earlier than he’d hoped.
“Patience, Zack.  That’s what you’re here to learn.”
The tension melted under his palm as Angeal mellowed the bite from his words.  Zack’s trust in him was absolute, built upon a foundation of steady mentorship and a history of good advice.  A gentle touch, a word of encouragement.  That was all it took for the youth to become pliant under his guidance.
“As you are aware, SOLDIERs have enhanced senses, which we rely upon to maintain the upper hand in combat, correct?”
“Yes, Sir.”
“Then it would make sense that a SOLDIER may experience psychological distress if he were to have one of those enhanced senses stripped from him.”
Zack gasped as his vision suddenly went dark, the strip of thick fabric that cloaked his eyes dense enough to prevent a single photon of light from meeting his retinas.  Instinct told him to grab at the offending object, to rip the roughness away from his face and jab at whoever had put it there, but he sensed that fighting was the wrong answer.  Instead, he balled his fists and jolted in his seat as the blindfold tightened around his skull, securing him in his blindness.
“Relax.  The purpose of this exercise is to teach you to remain calm under distressing circumstances so that your enemy cannot use your distress against you.”
With that, Angeal placed his hands upon Zack’s shoulders, waiting for the youth’s breathing to slow as he adjusted to the lack of sight.  It took longer than he would have anticipated, a sure sign of his mentee’s discomfort.  Maybe not absolute trust, then.  Perhaps he’d overestimated his influence and would need to proceed with additional caution.  It wasn’t ideal, not with how quickly his pants were becoming uncomfortable, but the goal would be worth the means.
“Are you alright, Zack?”
“Y-yes, Sir.”
“Good.  You are doing very well, as I expected you would.  For the remainder of this session, you will stay blindfolded, but since you are doing so well, I am going to move forward with the curriculum.”
Zack had always responded well to praise, had always striven to work even harder whenever Angeal expressed belief in him.  Today was no different.  At the assurance of a job well done, the slump to his shoulders disappeared, and he set his jaw in determination.  That was when Angeal slipped a hand into his armpit and jerked his body upward.
Unsteady legs wobbled as Zack tried to gain his balance once he was yanked to standing.  The loud clatter of his chair being kicked away from him was almost startling enough to send him sprawling, but not as startling Angeal’s shove against his shoulder.  Zack’s breath left his body in a guttural exclamation as he was pushed forward, his body folding against the table and his chest hitting the metal.
“Hands in front of you, SOLDIER,” Angeal commanded.
Breathless and confused, Zack stretched his arms in front of him, not one to disobey a direct order from a superior officer.  Despite his increasing unease, he remained prostrate on the table and turned his head from side to side in an effort to track Angeal’s movement by sound since sight was out of the question.  The thud of boots against tile echoed off the bare walls, seemingly coming from every direction at once.  More concerning was the sound of rummaging followed by a distinct clink of metal against metal.
“SOLDIERs are often physically superior to our opponents.  We are strong, agile, and sure-footed.  Based on this knowledge, what else might cause one of us distress, Zack?”
Zack swallowed, not entirely sure he wanted to know.  Being blindfolded, face-down, on a cold, unyielding table was uncomfortable enough.  Still, if he dreamt of being a hero, he needed to focus.  Perhaps the clinking sound was that of Angeal applying a bracer.
“A-a stop spell, Sir?”
He braced for impact, expecting to be the target of magic.  It wouldn’t be the first time he’d endured a stop spell, so he knew he could take it, even though he hated the feeling of having his muscles painfully locked by materia.
“Maybe, but status spells have time limited effects, thus minimizing their impact.  Whereas these,” Angeal said as he clapped a pair of wide SOLDIER-grade cuffs onto Zack’s wrists and activated the electromagnetic locks, “will hold a captive indefinitely.”
Another grunt tore past Zack’s lips when he was pulled roughly forward, his cuffs affixed to a clasp on the table.  Panic overrode logic, and Zack fought against the restraints, trying unsuccessfully to free himself and stand upright.  Blind and bound, however, he was helpless, his strength useless against a room created to hold anything and anyone.
For a time, Angeal let him struggle, let him test the reality of his predicament.  With all the racket caused by Zack’s useless tugging, Angeal was able to risk the hard exhale through his nose that accompanied palming himself through his fatigues.  It wouldn’t do to allow his frustration to build to a dangerous point.  He wanted to enjoy this to the fullest extent, which he wouldn’t be able to do if he weren’t thinking clearly.  Patience, after all, was a virtue that paid in dividends.
Once he was sure his breathing (and his erection) were under control, Angeal stepped close to place a comforting hand in the middle of Zack’s back.
“It’s just me, Zack.  Try some meditation, some square breaths.  You’re only expending energy that you can’t afford to waste in the field.”
Gradually, the clanking of steel against steel quieted.  The heaving of Zack’s chest slowed.  It gave Angeal the opportunity to take in all of the little details, mental snapshots that he could review when he was alone later.
Zack’s spikes were a mess, some pushed flat by the blindfold, others mussed into wild angles by his struggle.  The developing muscles in his arms were tense with the effort of holding still.  His uniform hugged his hips nicely, defining the curve of his ass in a way that made Angeal’s hands itch with anticipation.
“That’s better.  Let your weight rest against the table,” Angeal encouraged, pressing between Zack’s shoulder blades to force his chest flat.
Squeezing his eyes tightly shut beneath the blindfold, Zack tried to follow the advice he’d been given.  The warmth of Angeal’s hand and the soothing patterns it rubbed into this back helped center him, gave him an anchor with which to ground himself.  It didn’t keep his heart from stammering against his sternum, but it did sap the shakiness from his limbs.  Angeal had been right.  Stripping away the things that Zack had grown accustomed to using to his advantage was more uncomfortable than he would have imagined.
What was even more uncomfortable was the way Angeal’s hand moved from between his shoulder blades, down his back, and along the outside of his leg.  When it tapped against his calf, Zack raised his foot like a chocobo trained for grooming, shocked by the feel of his laces being undone and his boot pulled free.
“C-commander Hewley? What are you doing?”
“My job.”
Zack shifted his weight to allow for the same treatment to his other boot.  What on the face of the Planet did boots have to do with being interrogated?  Normally, Angeal encouraged questions during training, but his attitude seemed different tonight, more serious.
“But why boo- hey!”
Angeal was careful to keep his hips from brushing Zack’s backside as he encircled the youth’s waist to fumble with his belts.  Zack jerked anyway, pulling once again at the restraints that he would never break through.
“Not just boots, Zack. Our society equates clothing with protection and nudity with vulnerability.  It is expected that your enemy will do everything in their power to make you feel vulnerable, which is a feeling you must become accustomed to if you are to withstand it.”
Zack squirmed and hissed when Angeal freed his belts and undid the zip of his pants.
“Okay, okay I understand, Sir.  Y-you don’t have to do that.”
“Ah, but your obvious discomfort demonstrates to me that I do.  The more cooperative you are, the easier this will go.”
With that, he worked the fabric of Zack’s slacks and underwear over his hips and let it pool about his ankles.  Goosebumps covered bare skin, and Zack made every effort to tuck his hips beneath himself, trying to hide his nakedness against the table.  It was cute, in a way, to see him bashful and uncertain.
And tempting.  Above all else, tempting.
“Come now,” Angeal chastised as he unbuckled the complicated system of clasps to release Zack’s stomach guard and ruck his shirt up as much as he could.  “The showers are communal.  Surely this isn’t the first time you’ve been in a state of undress in front of others.”
Zack clenched his jaw and tried to keep his thighs tightly together, as though there was any hope of hiding anything that way.  True, he’d showered in the communal showers before, but this was definitely the first time he’d been mostly naked, folded over a table, with his ass sticking out toward his superior officer and respected mentor.  A wave of embarrassment washed through him.  Were all the new recruits really put through this?  It was no wonder nobody talked about it.
The hand that fell upon his back this time seemed heavier somehow, an ominous weight that pinned him against the cold steel.  Maybe, if he could keep still, it would be over soon.
“Zack, I’m sorry, but I need to ask you something rather personal.”
“U-um, okay.  Can I get dressed first?”
“You cannot.  Now.  Have you ever been penetrated?”
Speechless, Zack floundered for words and tried to turn his head to face the direction of Angeal’s voice.  Surely he’d misheard, yet the words had sounded crystal clear.
“Why do y-“
“Yes or no, Zack?”
Zack whimpered as a knee forced his own legs apart, requiring him to step out of the pants that bunched around his ankles.  The meager efforts he made to resist were easily overpowered.
“N-no…”
“Not even by your own hand? Perhaps while masturbating?”
A vibrant shade of pink stole over pale features, which alleviated any need for further answer.  Angeal was tempted to further this line of questioning, just to watch Zack squirm in shame.  Such innocence wrapped in such appeal.  If only they had more time.
“I see,” he said, reaching into his bag of tricks one last time.  “While your captors would never extend such kindness, I’ll take it slow to start as this may be a challenging lesson for you.  Don’t worry; I won’t let you fail.”
The pop of a plastic cap echoed through the room before Zack began to jerk against the restraints frantically.
“Settle down.  I don’t want to have to cuff your ankles as well.”
“Wait, wait!  Commander Hewley, what – “
“The best advice I can give is that the more you relax, the less discomfort you’ll experience, Zack.”
With that, Angeal slicked a few of his fingers and ran them along the cleft of Zack’s backside, rubbing a generous amount over the tight pucker.
“Nonono, please, Sir.  Angeal, please!  Nnngg!”
Despite all of Zack’s writhing, he could do nothing to prevent Angeal’s finger from breaching his walls, from violating him in a way he would never have expected.  He groaned and pressed his hips forward, trying to flee, but there was nowhere to go.  The cold, unyielding table stood between him and any hope of escape.
“Shhh, you’re alright, Zack,” Angeal crooned.  “It’s just pressure.  Breathe through it.”
Angeal found himself trying to breathe through it as well, biting his lip to suppress the groan that built in his chest.  The feeling of Zack squeezing around his finger, tight and unused to such intrusions, was enough to make him pant with anticipation.  When he began to slowly work in and out, spreading the lube around and acclimating Zack to his presence, he could only imagine how the clenching heat would feel around his cock.
“That’s it.” A little faster, a little less gentle as the constriction lessened.  “I know it’s strange when it’s somebody else, but you’re doing well.”
Zack grimaced and tossed his head.  Strange would have been experimenting at home, with a significant other, or hellfire, even a causal bedmate.  This was more than just strange.  This was terrifying.  This was wrong.  Yet trying to stop it was like trying to stop the rain from falling, so he pinched his tongue between his teeth until he drew blood, the taste of iron blissful for the distraction it provided.
A glimmer of hope flashed through him as Angeal’s digit withdrew until only the tip remained inside.  Yet hope was a luxury no SOLDIER could afford, and it proved to be quickly dashed by more cold gel dripping over his most intimate places.  Then a second finger nudged beside the first, making him squirm and grunt.
“Relax, Zack,” Angeal said, rubbing his clean hand gently over Zack’s hip while he eased his way further in with the other.  “You’ll hurt yourself if you stay tense like this.”
Not that the tension did much to resist his advances.  No matter how snugly Zack contracted around him, Angeal was careful to use enough lube that his fingers slid deeper with ease.  Gingerly, he explored Zack’s velvety walls, holding and caressing him all the while to quiet the writhing and the protests, though his efforts to soothe didn’t seem to be having the effect they’d had early in the session.
“P-please, Sir – Hah! – Please stop,” Zack panted, voice muffled by the arm in which he’d buried his face.
“Now, now.  You know I can’t stop until the lesson is over.  I’ll help create some positive associations that you can draw on to help you overcome your discomforts in case you should you ever be in this sort of situation in the field.”
He gave Zack no time to ponder what he meant by positive associations before Angeal curled his fingers expertly, grazing over the solitary patch of firmness amidst the sea of warm satin.  A few slow strokes over that spot turned the grunts and pleas of distress to tremulous whines, beautiful chords of uncertain pleasure that went right to Angeal’s groin.  Perhaps, with enough time and patience, he could coax a climax from Zack this way.  It wouldn’t be easy, if it were even possible, and with a ticking clock and an aching length of his own to contend with, it certainly wasn’t an option for today.  But gods, the very idea made his cock strain against the fabric of his fatigues.
“That feels better, doesn’t it?  Focusing on that will help you loosen up to make everything easier.”
“N-no, please!  It’s – nnggg ah – I don’t want this!”
“Hush, Zack.  I can see that your body does, and that’s okay.  That’s normal.  I’m trying to make this nicer for you.  Let your body tell you what it wants.”
Shame and humiliation flooded Zack’s senses, a tidal wave of emotion that, for a moment, sapped the fight from him.  He was horrified to find that Angeal was right, that his body had responded to his mentor’s ministrations with traitorous arousal.  There was no denying his hardness even as he shifted his hips to try to hide it.
Undeniable warmth blossomed through his pelvis, frissons of… something… creeping up his spine as Angeal dragged repeatedly over a place inside of him.  It wasn’t pleasure.  Pleasure was something to be enjoyed.  Something to be wanted and cherished and chased after.  This was something darker, something that twisted and crawled, something to be avoided at all costs like the unseen demons of nightmares.  It wasn’t pleasure, but, to his mortification, it had the same effect.
Zack choked on the groan that threatened to slip from his chest, disgusted by his own reaction.  It burned worse that the bile that rose in his throat, sour and putrid.  Maybe it was good that he’d had his sight stolen from him.  At least he wouldn’t have to see his own length bob with interest between his legs, even though he could feel it bump against the cold steel of the table.
When the offending digits pulled back this time, there was no hope of escape, no misconception that it was over.  He wasn’t even surprised when more pushed back in, stretching him wider still, though he arched and whimpered as burning pain began to lace through the mere discomfort of tightness and pressure.  It was too much, more than he could take, but he was given no other option, pinned as he was beneath the force of Angeal’s hand.
“So good, Zack.  Just a little more.”
Zack gave a harsh cry as fingers tried to probe deeper, tried to spread within him like they could pry him open.  Heat pricked his eyes, and he blinked rapidly to clear them.  Perhaps the blindfold would prove to be a blessing twice over.  He wished that it was ending, that he was warm and safe in bed, that he was anything but naked and hard and speared on the fingers of this man he respected.  This man he used to respect.  This man to whom he would still have to show respect if he wanted to keep the position he’d earned.
When Angeal finally pulled his fingers free, Zack gasped at the blissful emptiness.  Exhausted by the fight that he’d never had a chance of winning, he sagged against the table, wrists sore from tugging so hard against the restraints.
“Alright, alright,” Angeal said, petting over Zack’s ribs and kneading knotted muscles.  “Catch your breath, and try to calm down.  I know I’m pushing you, but it’s only because have so much confidence in you.”
It took all of Angeal’s patience to withdraw.  The gentle caresses and affectionate squeezes he gave to Zack’s body were as much to reassure and settle himself as they were to reassure Zack.  Desire consumed every cell of his being.  Desire to touch, to possess, to dominate.  He’d hidden it and pushed it down for so long that it was painful.  The planning, the cultivating.  It was all coming to a head, and he wanted to savor every moment of contact.
Time, however, was against him, the clock moving inexorably forward.  If only he could have trusted Zack to accept his advances, he would have invited the youth to his apartment and used the entire evening to slowly unravel him, to show him all of the pleasures a body had to offer.  Dreams, however, were fickle things.  Embracing them was well and good, but sometimes a compromise with reality was necessitated.
This compromise is what he kept in mind as he undid the fastenings of his pants, hissing as he finally eased his hardness from the tight confines.  He couldn’t help but give himself a few loose tugs to take the edge off the pressure that coiled within.  Gods, he had waited so long for this.  Even the touch of his own hand, slick with lube, was almost enough to send him over the edge.
Zack’s entire form shuddered with each breath.  Angeal told himself that the tremoring inhales were a clear sign of excitement, but even he didn’t believe it.  He knew fear was a more likely cause, which tugged at his chest and made him long for a different scenario.  Still, that wouldn’t be enough to stop him.
“Almost done, Zack,” Angeal said, lining himself up with Zack’s entrance.  “You can do this.”
“S-sir? Wha- Wait, No NO!  Please, Angeal, please no.  I yield!  I yield!!”
And yield he did.  Zack’s flesh yielded to the force of Angeal’s cock pressing into him no matter how much he fought or screamed.  Tears tracked freely down his cheeks as his screams turned to great heaving sobs of wordless anguish.
It stung and burned, his unwillingness all but negating the effects of Angeal’s preparations.  Overcome by an urgency to expel the thick length, Zack writhed and bore down only to be further impaled, the breath stolen from his lungs by the sheer intensity of it all.  Though he told himself he should be grateful for the slow and shallow thrusts, for the way Angeal worked deeper gradually and carefully, the only thing he could focus on was how much longer it was drawing the entire process out.
An eternity had passed by the time Angeal bottomed out against Zack’s hips, an eternity of terror, of pain.  There was no space left inside of him.  Not for his own organs, nor for his own sanity.  He cried freely, both empty and full at once, paralyzed by his helplessness.
“Shhh, oh, Zack.  Try to breathe.”
Angeal’s weight was heavy upon him, behind him, surrounding him.  Hands roved over his ribs, stroked through his hair.  Zack whimpered as fingers traced over his hip, reaching to grab ahold of his arousal, which, for some ungodsly reason, had never dissipated.
“Here,” Angeal whispered against his ear.  “Let me help you.  I know it’s a lot.”
The pause was as necessary for Angeal as it was for Zack.  He’d underestimated the effect the hot, tight heat would have on him, the fit exquisite, as though Zack’s insides had been carved specifically for him.  The fact that they were together in their hardness was simply the icing on the proverbial cake.
Moans and sobs intermingled, sounds of both pleasure and pain becoming a single song that Angeal tried to commit to memory.  He closed his eyes and relished the way that Zack squeezed around him every time he twisted his wrist or thumbed over Zack’s tip to smear away another drop of sticky fluid.  Honor was what he preached, but honor had nothing on a moment such as this.
“Mmm, you like that, I see.”
Betrayed by his own body, Zack bucked into the friction his mentor provided.  He shook his head, trying to deny his waxing arousal despite the precome that leaked from his twitching cock.  Dissociation would have been a blessing, unconsciousness the answer to his prayers.  Instead, the gods forsook him, bestowing upon him a climax that he didn’t want.
A strangled shout tore from Zack’s throat as the evidence of his unwelcome orgasm spilled over Angeal’s hand.  In that moment, he loathed himself as much as he loathed his predicament, and he ground his face against the cold steel while he mourned his defeat.
“So good,” Angeal praised, voice gravelly with lust.
Devoid of strength, Zack lay limply on the table.  With no fight left, he wept quietly, face resting in the puddle of tears that had collected beneath his cheek when the blindfold couldn’t contain them all.  Even the pain of Angeal pulling back and snapping forward did little except to jostle his lax form.
Numbness settled over him, a welcome coverlet against the cold determination with which Angeal pounded into his body.  The pain didn’t lesson, merely changed quality.  Sharp burning shifted to a dull ache, interrupted by a bruising grip upon his hips that only tightened as the rhythm grew more uneven.  If the pulsing against his swollen rim was anything to go by, it would be over soon, or so he dared to hope.
Lewd sounds of skin slapping skin filled the room, punctuated by the occasional bitten back moan or frenzied grunt.  Pleasure ripped through Angeal’s veins without warning, the culmination of everything he’d wanted for so long too overpowering to resist.  He drove as deep as he could manage, pulling his body flush with Zack’s in a desperate attempt to somehow be closer while he filled his mentee with a powerful release.  White filled his vision, and static drowned out sound.  How appropriate that they should both be blind for this moment of bliss.
Once the aftershocks had passed, Angeal roused, startled by the thought that time had somehow passed without his knowledge.  A glance at that glowing red clock revealed the lapse had been short.  2248.  Not enough time to bask in this glow of ecstasy.  Wistfully, he pulled himself free, taking a moment to admire the pink-tinged come that dripped from Zack’s reddened hole to trickle down the inside of his thigh.
“You’ve done well, Zack,” Angeal said.  “Let’s get you cleaned up, and then I’ll release you.”
Zack was silent.  He barely flinched when Angeal pulled a washcloth from the backpack and cleaned away the evidence of the lesson.  He put up no fight when he was coaxed back into his clothing, lifting each foot when prompted without protest.  Even after the cuffs were removed from his wrists, he stayed prostrate on the table as though he didn’t have enough energy to lift his torso.
The light was harsh against his eyes after an hour of darkness, and he squinted into the brightness.  Even with the potion Angeal had dumped down his throat, his body was sore, some places more than others.  His mind was a blur.  While he wanted nothing more than to be alone, a part of him was grateful that Angeal escorted him back to his apartment.  Without a guide, he may have wandered the halls, dazed, for hours, maybe until his wobbly legs gave out from under him.
However, he almost broke into a new fit of tears at Angeal’s parting words.
“I’m sorry to be so hard on you, Zack.  It’s only because I see the potential in you.  As your mentor, as the person who needs to sign off on your promotions, nobody wants to see you succeed more than I do.  This will be a tough obstacle to overcome, but I won’t let you fail.  I’ll be by tomorrow to check on you, and we can talk about some of the steps you can take to make the next time easier.”
She couldn't believe what had happened, her daughter was stuck in some other realm and the person that was living with her for the past 2 months was some kind of demon, it was very hard to take all that information in so little time.
Camila looked at the creature that was sitting on her couch, it was sitting there with the deck of cards she had given her, it was weird all this time she was living with some other creature, that was pretending to be her daughter, she should be angry at it, but looking at it..no looking at her just sitting and eating the cards, she doesn't know what she is feeling .
"Miss Noceda? Is everything okay?" Vee asked her looking concerned.
"Oh sorry darling it's nothing just thinking about what happened today, i think i will go to my room and get some rest." Camila told her.
"Oh okay..." Vee wanted to talk to Camila more but the woman had already left the room.
Harry groaned as he struggled to open his eyes. His eyelids felt glued shut, and his head pounded. What in the name of the gods happened?
Something pressed against his mouth, and Harry pulled back instinctively, but a hand forced his head down. “Drink,” a cold voice ordered.
He sucked, and cool liquid filled his mouth, sating a thirst he only just realised. Harry sucked harder, chasing the water down to its last drop.
“Good,” the voice praised and ran a hand over his head.
“Who are you? Where am I? What do you want?” Harry demanded.
“You may call me Tom and my partner Cedric. I look forward to hearing you scream our names,” the voice purred. “As for the rest, I’m sure you know.”
Harry finally forced his eyes open, and he tried to reach up to rub them and clear his blurry vision, but something tugged against his arm. He wiggled his fingers and twisted his wrists. Coarse rope held his arms behind his back. He was bound to a chair.
He blinked furiously to clear the haze and saw his captors, tall, dark, and unmasked. “Please, please, please, let me go. I don’t know what you want. Please, I won’t tell anyone about this,” Harry pled even though he already knew they wouldn’t; no mask meant they didn’t intend to leave him alive.
“Begging already, darling? But we haven’t even started yet,” the one that had been speaking—Tom—drawled.
Harry shut his eyes. This was a dream. It had to be a dream. He would wake up in his bed, and he would wash off the remnants of this ridiculous nightmare, and everything would be normal.
Harry opened his eyes. Nothing changed.
“You’re awake, darling,” Cedric said. His voice was kinder than the other one, soft and warm. He had the reassuring voice that kept people calm in high-stress situations.
If only he wasn’t part of Harry’s current high-stress situation.
“What are you going to do to me?” Harry asked, his voice shaking a little and he hated himself for that show of weakness.
“Nothing,” Cedric said as he stepped forward and reached out to cup Harry’s face, “if you tell us what we want to know.”
“I don’t know anything!”
“Not even about the Arinaris?”
“No!” The denial passed through Harry’s lips without hesitation, but his heart skipped a beat. How could they know about that?
Tom shook his head and sighed. “I guess we’ll do this the hard way.” And then he took out a knife.
Harry flinched and tried to pull away, but there was nowhere to go. He stared at the glint of the blade and swallowed loudly, his heart thumping rapidly in his chest.
“Don’t worry, I’m a professional,” Tom soothed, and then he pressed it against Harry’s chest.
Harry held his breath and kept as still as possible, terrified that a wrong flinch would cause Tom to cut through skin rather than fabric.
“So nice of you to wear cotton,” Tom murmured as he moved the blade methodically. “I grew up without magic, and well, magic makes things faster, but sometimes, going slow makes things more fun, don’t you agree?”
When Harry didn’t answer, the warmth of Cedric’s hand left his face. Cedric pinched his nipple harshly. “He asked you a question.”
“Yes!” Harry cried out.
The pressure disappeared. “Good,” Cedric praised. “Very good.”
Harry watched his shirt fall to the ground in strips as Tom cut through the fabric until nothing was left. He watched Tom kneel in front of him, the action anything but submissive. stiffened as the knife drifted down to his trousers, right over his cock.
“Unfortunately, leather is a bit tough,” Tom murmured. “So easy to cause unintentional harm from excess force. And I like all the pain I give to be intentional.” He ran his fingers over the trousers. A spark of magic later and the fabric disintegrated, leaving Harry in nothing but a pair of underclothes.
“They give us these easy cases all the time,” Tom continued, still uncomfortably close to Harry’s cock. “They break so easily, and we never get to have any fun. But you? I think we’ll have some fun together.” He cupped Harry’s cock over his pants with a cold hand and squeezed lightly.
A burst of unwanted arousal jolted Harry’s body.
“I think he liked that,” Cedric murmured.
Tom’s lips curved into a smile. “Like I said, fun.” The fabric fell apart under Tom’s hands as well, taking away Harry’s last layer of defence. He studied Harry’s cock intensely, and Harry shifted under his stare, wondering what Tom was thinking.
“Last chance. Tell us about the Arinaris.”
“I don’t know what that is,” Harry said.
Tom hummed and rolled to his feet in a quick move. He walked to the back of the room, which had trays of objects lying flat. Tom selected one and came back with a thick plug.
Cedric hauled Harry to his feet and scooped up his bound body. He carried Harry to the corner with strong arms and placed him on his front on a soft bed.
Harry twisted his head, trying to see what was happening. A hand pushed his head down to the bed.
“Stay,” Cedric chided.
The cold head of what Harry assumed was the plug touched his rim before pushing inside firmly and just a tad too fast. There was just enough lube on it to make the plug slide in smoothly. Harry was still loose from the last time he had sex a few days ago, thank the gods, and he adjusted to the girth as Tom move it deeper inside.
It pressed up right against his prostate, sending molten pleasure coursing through his body. Tom withdrew the plug, and Harry relaxed for a moment before the gods-cursed man thrust it into him again harshly.
He let out a broken moan, unable to push back against it or wiggle away and not sure what he wanted. With his hands and legs bound, Harry was helpless against the onslaught. He had never been one of those who could come without having his cock touched, but he thought he could this time, but suddenly, the pressure disappeared.
“Oh, he definitely liked that,” Cedric drawled.
“Maybe a bit too much. And the aphrodisiac hasn’t even kicked in yet.”
The what?
“Oh, didn’t we tell you? I’m sorry we forgot,” Cedric apologised, and that actually sounded genuine. “The water we gave you was laced with Demon Rose, and you were so good for drinking it all without prompting.”
Harry didn’t know if it was just in his mind, but the moment Cedric finished talking, Harry could feel a strange heat crawling up his body. It focused on his cock, and he thrusted against the bed, trying to get some much-needed friction.
Hands flipped him onto his back, and Harry let out a choked moan as his cock was denied its pleasure. The ropes binding his hands disappeared, releasing his arms, and Harry tried to bring his hands around to touch his cock, just to have his wrists pulled over his head and restrained to the bed.
Tom grasped Harry’s cock. “You don’t seem to understand what’s happening here. You’re ours. This”—he squeezed down—“is ours. And you don’t get to touch without permission.”
“Please, please, please,” Harry begged.
“You want me to touch your cock?” Tom stroked his cock twice with firm hands just the way Harry liked it and stopped. “Tell me about the Arinaris.”
“I don’t—don’t know,” Harry gasped out, hips thrusting uselessly against the air.
“Then I guess I don’t know how to make you come.” The bastard stepped back from Harry, and it hurt.
Harry writhed in the bed, trying to press his hot body against the cool sheets. Having skin-to-skin contact had made it better, but now that he was alone, he couldn’t stand the heat. It made him wonder if spontaneous combustion was possible, if he would be the first case. And by the gods, he wanted to come.
He didn’t know how long he laid there for, but the heat coursing through his body made it feel like an eternity. Beads of sweat covered his body, not that it brought any kind of relief. His body cramped, but the bonds prevented him from curling up into a small ball of misery.
Cool hands wrapped around his body and pulled him against an equally cool body, and Harry nearly sobbed in relief. “Tell me about the Arinaris,” the voice whispered, and Harry couldn’t remember why he shouldn’t.
“It’s a cult,” he whispered through chapped lips. “They take magical people and indoctrinate them. They loan out their victims to people who pay for the promise of loyalty. There is no rebellion, no dissent.”
“Good pet,” the voice praised.
A hand wrapped around his cock and stroked him. A second later, Harry came with a cry. He slumped down in the hold Tom had on him, exhausted and ready for the day to be over.
But his cock disagreed. It hardened again, defying all ideas of a refractory period. Part of his mind shouted that this shouldn’t be possible, but clearly, it was. He felt empty inside, and he rocked against Tom’s body, desperate for a hard, fast fuck. Some time along the way, Tom had undressed, and Harry could feel the man’s cock press against his hole. “Please,” Harry whimpered.
“Please what?” Tom asked. “You already came.”
“Fuck me.”
“Do you think he deserves it?” A question directed at Cedric.
His other captor tilted his head. “I think he knows more than what he’s saying.”
“I agree. Darling, you’ll get my cock when you tell me what I want. Until then…” Tom trailed off and wrapped his hand around Harry’s cock again. He wrung another orgasm out of Harry in mere minutes, but this time he didn’t stop.
Harry lost count of how many times he came from Tom’s hand. The pleasure turned to pain and surely, Tom’s hand had to have been aching, but he never stopped. Sometimes his strokes came slowly, and it was a mercy, almost giving Harry a break. Other times, it was like he was trying to rub Harry’s cock raw.
But no matter what, the aphrodisiac never stopped working, and his need to be held down and fucked, preferably more than once, grew and grew.
“They blackmail people,” Harry blurted out. “The victims, when they get sent out, they are loyal, but they remain loyal to the Arinaris. They learn secrets and they report back and then the Arinaris blackmail them.”
“Who’s being blackmailed.”
“I don’t know. High-ranking nobles likely. Those are favoured targets. That’s all I know. I swear.”
“What do you think. Does he sound sincere?” Tom asked Cedric.
“I think so. Do you want him first?”
Tom didn’t respond. He turned Harry to his front again and slid into him with a hard thrust.
Harry didn’t think he could come again, but somehow, he did. Tom withdrew from him, but before Harry could feel empty inside, another thick cock slid inside him. Cedric fucked him slowly, like they were in a caring relationship. Where Tom left bruises, Cedric caressed gently. He pressed his lips to the side of Harry’s neck in a soft kiss as he came.
The heat finally left his body and Harry curled up on the bed in exhaustion. “I think that means I failed,” he said hoarsely. He shut his eyes, unable to bear the disappointment in his owners’ eyes.
“People always fail the first time, darling,” Cedric murmured, pressing another kiss at his nape. “You did very well.”
“Thank you, sir.”
“Let’s get you cleaned up.” Cedric carried Harry out of the prison cell. They only knew these were dungeons because the rooms had no way of locking from the inside. The halls were pristine, the walls adorned with paintings of elegant people. The Arinaris had to appear like a normal brothel after all.
This late at night however, there were surely no customers, and Cedric was free to carry a naked Harry in his arms. There were a few curious glances directed their way, but no one stopped to speak to either of them.
They made it to the bathhouse. “Draw me a bath, forty-one degrees,” Cedric said to someone Harry didn’t see.
“Where’s Tom?” Harry asked drowsily. Most of the Arinaris pets weren’t allowed to speak their owner’s name, but Harry had been given the privilege since he had two.
“He has to clean up the cell. You made a bit of a mess.”
Harry buried his head into Cedric’s chest. “I’m sorry.”
“Not your fault.” Cedric set Harry into a tub of heated water. He soaped the sweat, come, and lube off Harry’s skin while Harry laid there, his mind floating. Cedric murmured soft words of praise the entire time, and when the water grew cold, Tom was there.
He had a towel ready for Cedric to wrap Harry in, and the two of them dried him off quickly before tugging a night shirt and clean boxers on him.
“Quick shower and I’ll meet you in our room,” Tom said to Cedric.
Cedric took Harry through the compound until they reached the private rooms of the trainers. He set Harry in the middle of the large bed in the room, and Harry had half a thought to protest because he should get to sleep with his owners after failing them, but Cedric covered his mouth before Harry could say anything.
“You’ll take what we give, and we’re giving you this,” he said firmly.
Harry sighed and snuggled close to Cedric. “Thank you, sir,” he said when Cedric let him speak. He stayed awake long enough to see Tom join them on his other side, and he fell asleep in warmth and security, knowing his trainers would care for him.
“Can it be done?” Uther boomed, his demanding voice filling the great hall and cutting off Gaius' masterful equivocating.
With a raise of his eyebrow that not even the king seemed immune to, Gaius gave as close to a straight answer as the physician ever came.
“Possibly,” Gaius allowed reluctantly, “It will require a great deal of experimentation, however. Trial and error.” With a heavy sigh, knowing his next words would not please the king, Gaius soldiered on anyway. “It will take time.”
“Take the time,” Uther ordered, “Quickly.”
“Yes, sire," Gaius said with a bow. “In that case, to complete this experiment in any kind of timely fashion, I shall require Merlin’s full time. If indeed it can be done,” Gaius added quietly.
“Of course,” Uther acquiesced with a negligent wave of the hand. “Anything else?” He asked as Arthur made a sound of protest.
“Father, Merlin belongs with me,” Arthur nearly shouted before remembering himself and continuing in a more reasonable tone, missing the widened eyes and quick dart of the man in question’s gaze to the objecting prince. “Surely you don't expect me to go without a manservant?”
“Certainly not,” Uther agreed reasonably and Arthur began to relax until Uther continued, “We have plenty capable servants in the castle who can easily take the boy's place.”


“Seems you're gonna have to survive without me,” Merlin snarked as they left the great hall, meeting adjourned.
“Oh, the torture of having competent service for once,” Arthur smirked right back, “However will I manage?”
Habit had them walking through the corridors side by side, Merlin matching Arthur stride for stride. A break in that comforting cadence, however, startled Arthur to a stuttering halt and he turned to see Merlin hesitating towards the opposite direction of Arthur.
Arthur drifted forward, hands clenching into fists. It was so tempting to simply spring forward and snatch Merlin, drag him into a concealed nook of the corridor where no one could see them, press him against the wall and kiss the man until neither one of them had breath left.
Merlin swayed where he stood, feet stuttering forward as if he felt the same impulse. The moment stretched but, in the end, Arthur couldn’t figure out where the impulse had even come from and Merlin was gone, heading towards Gaius’ laboratory where he would be ensconced, absent from Arthur’s side for who knew how long.


“Experiment 43,” an exhausted Gaius intoned as he reviewed his notes on their current batch of what could, possibly, become a shrinking potion. “Extra snail slime, much less sulfur.”
“Don’t forget to write the extra powerful spell I put on the whole concoction,” Merlin added with false cheer, Gaius actually moving to take up his quill to do just that before his overtired brain actually caught up with him.
“Absolutely not,” Gaius denied as, instead of picking up the quill, he simply lightly shoved the whole pile of papers away from him in weariness. “Uther would have your head.”
“Well, he can’t have it both ways,” Merlin said with an irritable grunt, seeking a clean—or, at least semi-clean—jar that they haven’t already used in their unending experimentation. “If you’ve outlawed magic than you can’t expect magical defenses for nonexistent sieges. How can he think there’s a non-magical way to shrink people?”
“Merlin,” Gaius said, most likely gearing up for another one of his long explanations but instead just sighed and commanded, “Just pass me the jar.”
Gaius had already dipped a reinforced ladle of some kind into the foul, runny potion they had created and was lifting it out as Merlin came forward with the necessary jar when a yawn overtook him. Unthinking, Gaius’ hand flew up to cover his mouth only to transition to his arm as his hand was already occupied with holding something and Gaius didn’t want to bludgeon himself with it.
“Pardon me,” Gaius apologized, eyes slow to reopen as the yawn had offered blessed relief from staying open.
“Uh, Gaius,” Merlin said, voice rising high in panic. Gaius turned to his young apprentice, standing frozen only a short distance from him, to see what the matter was.
“Oh dear,” Gaius dismayed as he took in the sight before him, eyes slowly lowering to the now empty ladle in his hand, the shrinking potion it had contained now soaking all the way through the front of Merlin’s trousers.
“Gaius?” Merlin said again, tension straining his body though he refused to shake, quiver, or move in any way as Merlin felt the potion seep through the negligible protection of his trousers and pants and seep into a rather important area of his anatomy. “Please tell me this batch is a failure as well.”
Gaius didn’t have a good answer to that but he did know one thing.
“Off,” Gaius commanded. “Take those off right now. Careful,” he instructed as Merlin startled to obey at his sharp tone.
“I can’t look,” Merlin moaned as he freed himself from his contaminated garments, his lower half completely bare as his gaze rose to the ceiling, eyes shut on a half-stifled whine as everything in him rebelled at even the idea of glancing down.
Gaius bent forward to inspect the distraught man’s situation.
“Merlin, you have—What the hell is this?”
“Arthur!” Merlin groaned squeakily, hands flying down to cover himself—rather needlessly, as his whole back was facing Arthur.
“Sire,” Gaius said much more calmly, tilting his body slightly to the side so he could see the apoplectic prince more clearly around Merlin's torso.
“I demand an answer for this, this monstrosity,” Arthur bellowed, hand even straying to the hilt of his sword. “He could be your grandson.”
“Oh gods,” Merlin lamented and bolted to his room, the two remaining men ignoring the painful thud of body hitting floor after the crash of the door closing as they stared each other down, storming rage versus calm wisdom.
“There was an accident involving the shrinking potion,” Gaius explained, enunciating each word slowly and clearly as Arthur's hand still hadn't left his sword. “And I was inspecting the damage.”
“Down there?” Arthur asked doubtfully.
“That is the affected area, yes,” Gaius said unflinchingly even as Arthur had to fight the urge to cover his own area in sympathetic horror.
“And is there…” Arthur started uneasily, finally relaxing out of his fighting stance. “Damage?”
“Not that I saw.”


“You do know I can see you, don't you Merlin?” Arthur asked faux-casually from behind the desk in his bedchamber.
“Sorry,” Merlin mumbled quickly, going back to half-heartedly doing his chores. Not for long, though. Once again, his hand was flying down to press and readjust himself, discomfort obvious as he tried to find a comfortable position.
“Alright, let's see it,” Arthur commanded lightly.
“No,” Merlin laughed in disbelief.
“You let Gaius see.”
“Gaius is a physician.”
“Who isn't here. I am. Now stop being such a girl and show me why you've been more of a disaster than usual.”
Merlin stood mute for a moment, obviously still ready to argue but then, with a grimace, his hand was back to the front of his trousers. When Merlin sighed, Arthur knew he'd won.
Preparing himself for the pitiful sight of a perfectly average dick subjected to a shrinking potion, Arthur waited sympathetically as Merlin shucked both trousers and underclothes.
Upon seeing the cause for Merlin's discomfort, however, Arthur couldn't stop his burst of laughter.
“You,” Arthur wheezed as Merlin's face grew mutinous, “Have got to be the most incompetent person I have ever met.”
“Not exactly going to complain about that, given the alternative,” Merlin grumbled and Arthur had to agree.
“I envy you the conquests you’ll make with that thing,” Arthur said, something like envy twisting his stomach.
Merlin shivered as Arthur stepped closer for a better look at the proportion defying length of Merlin's cock. Only Merlin could pour a shrinking potion onto his dick and have it become almost too large to handle.
“I don't want that,” Merlin said and the irritable twisting of Arthur’s stomach instantly faded away. Strange. “I can't even look at it,” Merlin admitted, making moves to pull his trousers back up. “I’m terrified it's gonna fall off.”
“You mean to say you’ve suddenly been gifted with a dick like that and you haven't even tested it out?”
Merlin just shook his head and this just couldn't stand; Arthur couldn't let Merlin pass up this chance.
“You should try,” Arthur suggested kindly, recognizing and more than understanding Merlin's fear, any change down there was disconcerting. “It must be some kind of scientific imperative or something.”
“What?”
“You should test it out,” Arthur repeated. “Just to see if it'll fall off.”
“Arthur!” Merlin complained.
“Not that I think it will,” Arthur rushed out. “But don't you want to know what happens, how it feels?”
“Well,” Merlin said considering, eyes darting down to his exposed length before quickly skittering away. “I can't say I haven't thought about it.”
“There you go,” Arthur encouraged.
“Only…” Merlin fidgeted and wouldn't continue until Arthur prodded. “What if something does go wrong?”
“Do it here,” Arthur suggested, his heart suddenly pounding in has chest. “Now. I'll be here, you'll be safe with me.”
Merlin considered for a moment before his hand started moving towards that enormous cock.
“For science?” Merlin asked with a hesitant smile.
“For science,” Arthur confirmed.
With a steadying breath, Merlin took that impressive cock with a tentative hold. Merlin experimented with his strokes, adjusting to needing a wider grip to encase his length as he brought himself to hardness.
Arthur stood and stared, his mouth going dry as the already massive dick hardened in Merlin's hand and grew impossibly bigger.
Merlin flushed as his arousal grew, his breath hitching at times as his rough hand swept over the sensitive skin, particularly the jutting tip.
This cock was made to be worshipped but Arthur could tell Merlin was uncomfortable.
“Should I look away?” Arthur forced himself to ask.
“No,” Merlin answered easily, “It just doesn't feel right in my hand.”
Arthur clearly needed to help his friend out; it was the only logical thing to do.
“May I?” Arthur asked, offering up his hand, moving forward into Merlin's space at his nod.
The first touch of Arthur's hand on Merlin's cock had them both gasping. There was a pleasant upward curve to it, though the weight of it caused it to jut more forward than up by Merlin's quivering stomach. Arthur scratched a gentle nail along the underside of Merlin's cock, Merlin rocking slightly forward at the sensation. Arthur's hand traveled at will, an inquisitive touch as Merlin finally closed his eyes in pleasure.
Arthur split his time watching his hand gripped around Merlin's cock, pace increasing the more that pre-come leaked from the wide head, and Merlin's face as he embraced the pleasure Arthur was giving him, his expression relaxing, Arthur even drawing a smile from him with a talented twist of his wrist.
When Merlin started subtly thrusting into Arthur's hand, Arthur's mostly blank mind supplied him with the alluring image of being filled by that cock, stuffed so full he would be feeling it for days. Arthur decided, for scientific purposes of course, he couldn't let the opportunity pass. For the first time in his life, the prince fell to his knees before a man.
Merlin's eyes popped open at the sudden brush of breath along his leaking cock and his and Arthur's eyes locked.
“Okay?” Arthur asked quietly.
“Yes,” Merlin said on a shaky exhale.
Outside of where Arthur's hand was wrapped around Merlin, they hadn't been touching during this encou-experiment but now Merlin rested a gentle hand on Arthur's head as Arthur slowly lowered his lips around the head of Merlin's gorgeous cock. Arthur closed his eyes at the stretch of his mouth with the large intrusion, testing the weight of the cock with his tongue. It was too large to go very far down on but Arthur went as far as he could and then a little further, tears threatening to spill but the sensation of being full too good to let up.
Arthur gave his own cock a few absent squeezes through his trousers as he sucked around Merlin's length, other hand stroking along where his mouth couldn't reach.
“Arthur,” Merlin said in warning. Arthur backed off reluctantly, replacing his mouth with both his hands, feeling empty as he did even as it afforded him the sight of Merlin orgasming, body going taut as he took everything Arthur gave him.
“You're not going to keep it, are you?” Arthur asked when Merlin seemed more cogent, trousers back in place, already knowing the answer.
“No,”
“You gonna help me with this?” Arthur asked, indicating his own aching arousal.
“I don't know,” Merlin said teasingly, “Your dick isn't experiencing any scientific anomalies.”
Kirishima stretched out on his living room carpet, sweating profusely even after stripping down to his boxers and tank top. Staring at the ceiling, he groaned, then flipped over onto his stomach to see if that was any better.
It wasn’t.
Supposedly today’s heat wave was going to break all sorts of records, and Kirishima believed it. It was fucking hot. The studio apartment didn’t have air conditioning, because most of the time he didn’t need it. On the few occasions the heat made him uncomfortable, it had always been enough to just open a window. Not today, though. Today the heat was sweltering and he felt like he was being cooked alive inside his apartment. He pulled off his tank top and tossed it aside.
Trying to come up with an idea, he mentally took stock of everything nearby. There was a cafe with good air conditioning, but it required spending money he didn’t have. The public library was a no-go because he’d found out yesterday their air conditioner was broken. Suddenly, it occurred to him: the discount store down the street. He’d seen some box fans there the other day, and he still had some store credit left over from when he’d returned something recently. Maybe there would be enough to get a fan.
Sighing miserably, Kirishima pushed himself up off the carpet, debating whether he really wanted to go through with it. Going to the store involved putting on clothes and walking around outside, where it was sure to be even hotter than inside. It would be worth it, though, because setting up a box fan in the apartment would make him significantly more comfortable.
He picked up his tank top from where he’d thrown it on the floor and slid it back over his head, then looked around the room for his denim shorts. He spotted them on the couch and quickly put them on, already feeling the warmth from the added clothing and sweating even more. In the pocket of the shorts was a worn out bandana; he took this to the sink and soaked it in cold water before tying it around his forehead, using it to hold his hair up and away from his face.
Resigning himself to his fate, Kirishima opened the door and stepped outside. The heat and humidity in the air nearly knocked him over and he actually felt like he couldn’t take a proper breath. He remembered going to a tropical bird exhibit when he was a kid as part of a school field trip, and the current conditions were even worse than that. He briefly reconsidered, stepping hurriedly into the shade, then pushed that thought aside. He could do this!
It was a short walk to the store, though it seemed longer because the heat made his body lethargic. When he finally reached his destination, he opened the door and stepped into pure bliss: working air conditioning. In no rush to get back outside, he took his time, browsing through the store as he looked for the fans. When he’d gone through the whole store without seeing them, he began to worry. Maybe they had sold out because of the heat! Then he saw it- a single remaining fan hidden on a bottom shelf behind some lawn decorations, its box torn and dirty.
Yes!
Kirishima grinned and reached for the box, only to collide with someone he hadn’t noticed was also reaching for the same box.
“Oh! I’m sorry!” he exclaimed, taking a step back. “Are you okay?”
“Yeah,” said the young man, rubbing the back of his head as his two toned hair fell in his face. “We were both going for that last fan, huh?”
“Yeah,” Kirishima laughed. “This heat is killing me!”
“You take it,” the incredibly attractive stranger said. “I’ll be alright.”
“No, I couldn’t!” Kiri protested. “You take it, you were here first!”
“How  about a compromise?” the other suggested. “You could come over. Then we could share it.”
There was something wrong with Baekhyun.

Jongin understood it the moment he saw him from his window-seat. His legs moved, one after another, there was no hurry or flutter in his steps; Baekhyun was a fast-walker, and a very optimistic man — someone 
    must
   have died to get him to walk like that. His hands were dangling beside him, useless and boring. Baekhyun had no drink in his hand, no paperback, no random plant he decided to bring to their club room, there was something very very wrong.

He watched Baekhyun take the steps into the building, and turned around to the room. Jongdae was sprawled on their one and only couch, one leg on top of the back pillows, the other on the floor. Kyungsoo was sitting by the huge desk against the wall, the monstrosity he called a desk was heavier than an elephant (probably) and took almost half the room. Kyungsoo’s two-thousand-piece puzzle was scattered all around the desk, and Kyungsoo himself was hunched over it, chewing on his lips.

Baekhyun entered the room a minute later, his eyes unfocused, his ears burning red, and he sat down next to Jongin on the windowsill with an expression of someone who had to say goodbye to someone they really loved.

“Hyung,” Jongin said. “Hyung, what’s wrong?”

“Everything’s wrong,” Baekhyun wasn’t looking at anyone. He just sat there and stared at nothing.

Jongdae didn’t bother looking up from his cellphone, on which he was playing a dress-up game. “Of course everything is wrong,” he said. “Mother earth is dying — and I’m telling you, she’s going to wipe us all out, soon. Pretty much all the world leaders and the billionaires are dicks with the sole purpose of fucking up everyone’s lives. I stabbed my toe this morning. There is more entertainment right now than there ever was in the history of humanity, but I’m always bored. I thought I was special, I’m not. I spent thousands of days growing up, but it’s still going too fast, and I’m lost and scared. Birth rate is declining. I want to have a kid one day but I’m too scared so I probably won’t. The danger, the risks, the assholes, the exposure to a society that is more entitled, intrusive and demanding and unforgiving than the one I grew up in. I mean, I could prank-call whomever I wanted from my home telephone, but there’s no such thing now. Does anyone else miss those telephones? I loved them.”

Jongin blinked. “What?”

“Nothing,” Jongdae yawned. “So, Baekhyun what’s up? What happened? What did you do?”

“My little sister,” Baekhyun whispered.

At this, Jongdae sat up right away. Kyungsoo dragged his stool and came to sit across Baekhyun and Jongin.

“What happened? Is she okay?” Jongdae asked, voice uncharastically serious and caring. “Where is she?”

“At home,” Baekhyun said weakly. “She’s at home. She was at home. In her room.”

“And?” Kyungsoo prompted. “Did-dis she fall? Is she okay?”

“She didn’t fall and she’s okay,”

“Then why do you sound like that?” Jongin asked.

“Porn,”

“What?” Jongdae’s voice fell back to his usual uncaring, judgy tone. “
    What
  ?”

“Porn?” Kyungsoo said.

“She was watching porn,”

“You-you caught your sister watching porn,” Jongin sighed in relief. He couldn’t even begin to imagine the pain of someone walking in to see their baby sister watching porn, but the said baby sister was almost fourteen now, and she wasn’t hurt. Baekhyun wasn’t hurt. Sure, it would be awkward and, yes, painful but everything was, ultimately, okay.

“Was it a violent one? Is that why you’re worried?” Kyungsoo said, eyebrows furrowed. He was looking at things logically, Jongin knew. He was the sensible, reasonable and “cold” one in the group. Kyungsoo was never going to get why Baekhyun was making a fuss over his little sister watching porn, which was normal and healthy, unless there was something very wrong with it and she was getting the wrong impression.

“No … no, I don’t think so,” Baekhyun raised his hand hopelessly and let it fall back on his knee. “I … maybe it wasn’t a video, exactly,”

“Was it a … gif?” Jongdae said.

“It was a … picture? Like you search something and go to ‘images’? Baekhyun looked at Jongin, who nodded reassuringly. “And if you click on one of them, you get to see it … bigger? On the right side?”

“So she was looking at a picture,” said Kyungsoo.

“I think so, yeah, I … I don’t know.”

“What was the picture of?” Jongin asked.

“A woman, I think. On her knees, I think,”

“Baekhyun,” Kyungsoo inched in closer. “Do you 
    know
   what you saw?”

“I do!” Baekhyun swatted Kyungsoo away. “I know there were naked people but I didn’t see — I think I blacked out, to be honest. I know it was a picture of a blowjob but if you showed me just two pictures and asked me which one it was, I-I couldn’t tell, I really couldn’t, honest.

“What do I do? Baekhyun looked at Jongin, worried but amused; at Kyungsoo, confused and thoughtful; at Jongdae, amused and evil. “I should talk to her, right? I need to talk to her, right?” when nobody answered him, he went, “RIGHT?”

Jongin snapped out of it. “Yes, yes, you should. Sex education, yes — important.”

“What’s the big deal?” Jongdae scoffed. “She’s fourteen. It’s time.”

“She’s 
    thirteen
  ,” Baekhyun said through his greeted teeth, glaring at Jongdae.

“It’s her birthday in …” Jongdae looked up at the ceiling for a moment, calculating, “nine days!”

“Eight,” Kyungsoo corrected him, his tone suffering.

“But she’s — ugh — I was really hoping I had one more year,” Baekhyun exclaimed. I mean, I knew I had to have the talk with her eventually. Many times,” he raised a finger, “many times I had the conversation in my head, and each one was better than the other, believe me,”

“I have no doubt, and now you just need to actually have the talk with her,” Jongin rubbed his back. Baekyun was wearing a white, long-sleeve, cotton t-shirt, and his collarbones were poking out. His ears were still red. His recently-white hair was now back to black, and Jongin caught the hint of his olive oil shampoo. All in all, he looked adorable, but Jongin had to get a grip and keep himself from flirting with Baekhyun, which was what kept his heart beating, but whatever.

Kyungsoo nodded and went back to his puzzle. Jongin didn’t know how he was ever going to finish putting together two-thousand pieces, but it was Kyungsoo’s thing: calmly and slowly bring things together, making sense out of them.

“Can I come?” Jongdae said. “If you don’t want me to be there when you have the talk, it’s cool, but can I come to your house?”

“Why?”

“Yeah, why?” Jongin asked, suspicious, as he was basically trained to feel that way around Jongdae, by Jongdae.

“You got that sweet-ass, expensive, powerful but eco air conditioner, right?” Jongdae grinned. “I just wanna chill in the living, that’s all, I swear. I won’t steal your food again.”

“Fine, whatever,” It was the mark of how shaken Baekhyun was — Kim Jongdae was never to be invited in to your home, Baekhyun knew that better than anyone, in fact he was the first person to warn him about Jongdae two years agon when Jongin was just a cute, innocent and gullible freshman.

“Your sister is an impressionable teen,” Kyungoo said, looking at the cover of the puzzle box with disdain. “It’s important that she’s guided well. I think you should go back and talk to her now. What did you do when you caught her anyway?”

“I told you I blacked out!” Baekhyun whined. “My body went cold, my brain went numb, my eyes went blind, and my throat went dry!”

“So, just your casual Thursday, then,” Jongdae said. He was sprawled on the couch again, legs wide open. One on the top of the couch, the other on the floor.

“It’s Monday,” Jongin said.

“Is it?” he sounded genuinely surprised, “Fuck me,”

“She was actually playing Minecraft,” Baekhyun said, seemingly not having heard anything. “I told her to close it because her time was up and I needed my computer, and she did, she closed it. But then I guess she forgot that her incognito tab was still there — how does she even know about incognito tabs? And it just appeared. She closed it right away in a hurry, but I saw…”

“And what did you say?” Jongin asked.

“I said ‘what was that?’ and she said ‘What’? And I said ‘That,’ and she said ‘What?’ and I said ‘That thing you just closed.’ And she said that she didn’t remember what she had opened, and I said, ‘How can you not remember what you opened?’ and she said ‘It’s perfectly normal to not remember,’ and she wasn’t looking at me, and I knew that she hadn’t done anything wrong, but I also knew that I wasn’t ready to have the talk with her like that out of nowhere, so I said ‘Go’ not angrily, by the way, and she seemed relieved. And she went to her room and I came here,”

“But,” Jongin looked around. “You didn’t even bring your laptop,”

“Oh yeah, and I already missed my class,” Baekhyun said. “I forgot everything. Cellphone, wallet, backpack.”

“Do you think the professor will let you off if you explain to her what happened?” Jongdae asked, 'cause if it does, I could use that one day. Next year, so as not to arouse suspicion,”

“You-you don’t have a little sister,” Jongin said, shooting him a disgusted look, in hope that he would be ashamed.

“Yeah, but I have little cousins,” Jongdae said, not even noticing Jongin’s disgusted look. “
    And
   I have nephews who could start asking troubling questions any day now,”

“You disgust me,” Kyungsoo said.

“I know,” Jongdae yawned. “Baekhyun, shall we?”

“Shall we what?”

“Shall we go to your home, so that I can chill and you can have a traumatizing conversation with your sister.

Jongin picked up the spray bottle that they used to water their plants from the windowsill, it was half full — shame — and he threw it at Jongdae’s face.

“Ow!”

“Shut it, it’s not going to be traumatizing,”

Jongdae had a hand over his nose. “I don’t like you,” he declared. “You used to so cute,”

“What shall I say? Where should I start?” Baekhyun groaned and buried his face in his hands. “Should I make a presentation? Will that weird her out? Should I start with sex — oh, do I have to ask her if she knows what sex is? She probably does, right? What if she has some idea and I have to explain it to her? With demonstration? And pregnancy, but she knows about pregnancy. Her school covered it last year, I helped with her homework. She wasn’t weirded out, she was just a bit shy but she was okay, and I thought, hey, that’s cool, my generation could never, so there is some progress, yay. And she knows what penis is and what semen is and — but those were just words on a paper. Ugh!”

Jongin opened his mouth and then closed it right back. What was he supposed to say to that? Now that Baekhyun said it like that there was an awful lot to cover, and it must be quite embarrassing to find yourself having to talk about penises and semen with your sister, when just a year ago the said sister was innocently saying out loud sexist (to women) and mildly offensive stuff about people over twenty, that she thought she needed to say because it was cool. It gives you a sense of comfort. Oh, she was still a stupid kid. Hey, we’ve all been there. We know she doesn’t mean it because we were all her, at some point. Knowing that you don’t actually mean what you’re saying, but someone in her class had said it and everyone had laughed and that kid was popular, and you know she’ll realize how stupid it was in a year, and remember it once in a while for the rest of her life just as she’s about to fall asleep and curle into a ball of shame in cringe, and think that everyone remembers it, even though, apparently, nobody does because they’re all doing the same thing on the other side of the city.

“I’m never gonna have a kid,” Jongdae said with a snap of his fingers. “No kid, no talk. There, I fixed life. You’re welcome.”

“What about your cousins and nephews, who ‘could start asking troubling questions any day now’?” Kyungsoo sipped on his green juice.

“Hey, they have their parents,”

“My sister has parents, too,” Baekhyun said with a frown. “The said parents are my parents and they should be here to take the bullet,”

“But …” Jongin cleared his throat. “But your parents —”

“Are trying to save the world,” Baekhyun made a face. “I know, 
    I know
  . Why did I have to have super smart and cool parents that lived abroad for an extensive period of time while they worked on special and important projects to make sure the world doesn’t explode into a ball of flame, while the billionaires wrongly think that shooting themselves to space would save them?”

“I feel so bad for you,” Jongdae said with a flat tone. “Yeah, your parents are the worst,”

Jongin ignored him. “You should start with telling her that you’re not there to judge her or shame her,” Jongin said to Baekhyun, “because there’s nothing to shame. Embarrassing, yes, let’s not lie. But never shameful. And just go with what you want her to know. Maybe you can tell her about some things you got wrong when you were her age, give her something to rely on, you know? Let her know she’s not alone, and this isn’t anything special or scary,”

“Okay,” Baekhyun gave him a grateful smile. “Okay, I should go now though. Maybe she thinks I’m mad at her,”

“Would you feel better if we came with you?” Kyungsoo looked up, his big eyes earnest.

“Yes,” Baekhyun almost moaned, “Yes, please,”

And that was that.

Baekhyun came out of his little sister’s room after no more than an hour. His face was red, his ears were red and even his neck seemed to have gone red.

“You okay?” Jongin put down his paperback about a little girl who had the power to see fairies, only the fairies weren’t all nice and hated how the humans treated the earth. “How did it go?”

“Ummm,” Baekhyun took a few tentative steps and all but dropped on the nearest armchair. There were many of them in the room. Baekhyun’s parents obviously thought that a good home needed as many soft and comfortable surfaces as possible, and had provided their children with couches, armchairs and pouches in all rooms. “It was so much better than I thought it would be. She was shy but she didn’t like, deny me, you know? She answered my questions, and she knew what sexism meant, almost. She still said that all boys were stupid and that she was gonna live alone all her life and die alone, but —” Baekhyun waved a hand carelessly.

“Did you talk to her about porn?” Kyungsoo was on an L shaped couch, finishing up his ice cream, which he had taken from Baekhyun’s fridge.

“I did. I told her that I wasn’t gonna get angry at her for watching porn or looking at naked pictures, you know? And I said that the only reason I was talking to her about this was because I was there to guide her. I said that the porn industry was … tough, I told her that porn wasn’t real life and it’s not okay for women to be treated that way. She didn’t say anything so I’m not sure if she actually ever watched porn, so I said that we would talk more whenever it was needed, and that she could ask me whatever she wanted.”

Jongdae burped. He was on the oldest and the most comfortable couch the Byun family owned — A baby blue colored divan that still bore the doodle marks of toddler Baekhyun. “How about not letting boys bully her into admitting that she watches porn?”

“Yeah, got that covered,” Baekhyun rolled his eyes angrily, seemingly just imagining a scrawny pimple-covered little shit coming at his little sister, saying how porn was no big deal and that she should just admit that she watches it. “Although, her generation 
    is
   different from ours, you know?”

“Still gotta let her know,” Kyungsoo said.

“Still gotta,” Jongdae agreed.

“So I said, “Baekhyun sighed. “I covered porn, I covered sexism, although not enough, but I didn’t want to tire her out. It’s not like we learned everything in one day, and it’s not like we would have listened and remembered everything. I said no sex until she graduates high school — that’s where she said that all boys were stupid and she was never gonna date, by the way,”

Jongdae nodded sympathetically.

“Actually I don’t think I did a very good job,” Baekhyun said. “I was out of breath all the time, why was that? I think I was speaking too fast, I did, I really did, what if she didn’t understand me well?”

“Hey, hey, relax,” Jongin came to sit on the arm of the armchair Baekhyun was using. “You let her know that she shouldn’t be ashamed, that’s pretty much the best thing you could have said to her, right?”

“Yes,” Kyungsoo was scratching his stomach. “She’s young, she’ll figure things out in her own time. You’ll have plenty of time to have little talks in the future. Like, if a movie has a transgender character, you could pause it, ask her what she knows, and add more information if you think is necessary. Relax.”

“Okay,” Baekhyun said weakly.

“I know that you’re scared because the social media will make you think that anyone who has ever made a mistake at any time in their life, no matter where they were born, how they were raised, what they were led to believe, no matter what their intention was, or how they came to change, grow and develop as a human being afterwards is a piece of shit that should be shot down immediately and hunted and bullied obsessively until, ideally, they kill themselves, after which the same people can write posts about how they lost an angel,” Jongdae took a long breath, “but that’s 
    just not
   how life works and how humans live. You should all delete your social media accounts,” he added.

“You know,” Jongin couldn’t believe he was saying this, “it’s just that it was Jongdae hyung who said it, but that’s … right,”

“Hey!” Jongdae protested, “I 
    really
   don’t like you anymore. Baekhyun, what have you done to my puppy? He used to be 
    so
   cute,”

Baekhyun laughed. He laughed, finally, and relaxed into the soft cushions. “I feel so much better. She’s much more clever than I ever was. And she was so comfortable with me, you know? I was surprised to see just how … a little embarrassed she was, and that’s a good kind of surprise, right? Like, this is the change we wanted, right?”

“Yep,” Jongin relaxed, too. It had been unnerving to watch Baekhyun look so uncertain, like a fawn learning to walk for the first time, when he was usually so calm and loud and in the element.

“Hey,” Baekhyun looked up at him, looking small and soft. “Thanks,”

“I didn’t do anything,”

Baekhyun gave a little shake of his head. “Nah, you were great,”

“He barely EVEN SAID ANYTHING!” Jongdae hissed.

“Shut up?” Baekhyun suggested. “You’re going to wake Kyungsoo up,”

“What? Wait, what?” He’s 
    asleep
  ?” Jongdae got up from his couch and flew to Kyungsoo’s side. “He 
    is
  !” he gestured at him frantically, as if he found some animal that was previously believed to have gone extinct a million years ago. “How does he do this?”

“Jongin, do you wanna come out with me? I wanna get chicken for dinner, and we’re running out of sodas, too.”

“Yeah, sure,” Jongin got up and retrieved his phone from the coffee table.

“Jongdae, you stay and … just stay, okay?” Baekhyun said. “Don’t do anything. We’ll be right back with food,”

“Yeah, get some ice cream — Kyungsoo ate the last one,”

“Fine,”

“And chips,”

“Okay,”

“And beer,”

“Fuck off,”

“I’ll tell Jongin,”

“What?” Jongin said,

“Fine, beer,” Baekhyun gestured at Jongin to follow him and left the room. Jongin looked at Jongdae, but the bastard just grinned and waved him off.

“Tell me what?”

“Nothing, just come,”

“
    And
   that sour candy!”

“Tell me what?”

“Don’t listen to Jongdae,”

“
    And 
  that bubbly chocolate!”

“Hyung, what was it? Tell me what?”

“I’ll … let’s just go out, come,”

“
    And
   banana milk!”

And 
    that 
  was that.

Julie swore as she raced down the sidewalk, cursing her bus for making her late. This was her first date with Reggie and she hoped he was still waiting for her. They had met on a dating app, Julie immediately liking his boyish grin, his endless supply of jokes, and his love of music-all music. She might not get his love of Star Wars, but she did enjoy how passionate he was about the franchise.
As she approached the diner, she saw a man standing outside it, a leather jacket on his lean frame, and a frown on his face as he checked his phone. "Reggie!" she called, waving, and his face lit up with a smile. She was sure her hair was a riot of curls, her face flushed from running, but Reggie was still beaming at her as she got close to him.
“I thought you might have bailed,” he said quietly.
“Stupid bus got caught in a traffic stop, and it had to be in a no service zone to make it all the better. I’m sorry I made you wait.” Julie said, then held out a hand. “Do you still wanna get lunch?”
His stomach chose that moment to grumble loudly, the two of them giggling after it stopped. Reggie’s cheekbones were aflame with the brightest blush, but Julie was entranced by it, how it highlighted his freckles, and how it offset the colour of his eyes. “Guess that answers that.” Reggie said, taking her hand in his and leading them into the diner.
His grip was firm and warm, but not clammy, and he led them back to a corner booth so they could sit next to each other, which Julie secretly appreciated. There was a jukebox playing classic rock in the corner, and everything was varying pastel shades of pink and teal. Julie could dig the vintage Americana vibes, and thought it was more fun than any generic coffee shop. Plus she hated coffee, and Reggie said he would be jittery all night if he drank any more than his usual morning cup, and suggested the diner instead.
They made idle chit chat as they waited for the waiter to come over with menus, which happened quickly after they sat. There was nothing out of the ordinary, but Julie was debating whether or not she wanted to get onion rings. She hoped the date would go well enough that she could kiss Reggie at the end, so maybe eating them would turn him off or worse, make him think she was eating them because she had no intention of kissing him at all. She decided against them and settled on a sandwich when Reggie spoke up.
"Do you wanna split an order of onion rings? I'm craving them for some reason, but I don't think I want a whole basket, they are generous with their portions here."
"I love onion rings."
Reggie smiled, closing his menu, and waved at the waiter who was awaiting their order. He gave Julie a nod letting her know she could order first, and Julie let out a silent sigh of relief. She hated when macho douches tried to order food for her without asking. Particularly when they got her order wrong. Which had happened too many times for her liking, and once ended in her getting food poisoning and becoming single in the same night.
Orders placed, they went back to discussing the latest superhero movie they had both seen, Reggie finding it hilarious while the gory fight scenes had kind of ruined the experience for Julie. She loved how they could disagree without fighting, each listening to the others points and conceding or changing the subject at will. The conversation went on through their food, the onion rings providing lots of instances of their fingers meeting and small blushes as they touched.
"Do you want to split a milkshake?" Reggie asked, seemingly out of nowhere. Julie felt herself freeze up, and tried to keep her face neutral. Every time she had a milkshake in the past it had led to gastrointestinal distress, so she tended to avoid them. But that sweet longing look on Reggie's face made her want to share one with him so badly.
"Milkshakes don't tend to agree with me actually. I don't know why." Julie replied, the remorse showing on her face.
"Maybe you're lactose intolerant?" He suggested, pulling a small package from the inner pocket of his jacket. "I am too, but I love ice cream too much to give it up." He offered her the package, the Lacktaid logo clear, and took out another for himself. "I like strawberry, but you can choose the flavour if you want."
Julie watched him pop the pill into his mouth, and cautiously did the same. Reggie grinned, and when the waiter came over, Julie asked for a strawberry milkshake to share, winking at Reggie while she did so. “Oh, and whatever pie is on special today, with two forks please.” she asked before the waiter left.
“Apple, you want that a la mode?”
“Heated is just fine.” Reggie replied, turning to Julie. “Don’t wanna chance double ice cream.”
“I’m trusting you with this Peters.” Julie said, leaning in to him a little.
“It’s an honour to have your trust Molina.” he replied, closing the distance between them even further. Julie could make out every shade of green in his eyes, the dozens of tiny freckles littering his nose and cheekbones, the faint flush covering his face. She inched forward, ending the distance between them with a tiny peck to his lips, loving his awed expression as she pulled away.
It was quiet between them, both just looking at each other, barely noticing anyone else until their dessert was sat before them, the waiter smirking as he walked away. Julie relished the sweet creamy milkshake as she drank it, but it was nothing compared to being able to share it with Reggie, and the sweet expression on his face as they shared eye contact. She nudged his ankle with the toe of her shoe, a small game of footsie breaking out as they shared the pie and shake, talking animatedly about her classes and his band.
It was almost a half hour later as they settled the bill, agreeing to split it after neither would concede to letting the other pay the full thing when Reggie asked. “So, how are you feeling? No tummy issues after the milkshake?”
Julie looked at him, a bit astounded, she had completely forgotten how the treat usually affected her, so caught up in spending time with him. But a quick mental scan showed she felt… fine. No gurgling or nausea, no urgent need for the bathroom. She beamed at him brightly, and he smiled back. “When you’re right, you’re right. Now I gotta get me some of those pills so I can experiment with other dairy products I’ve been avoiding.”
“I’d love to accompany you on these dairy adventures.” Reggie said, gripping her hands in his, and smiling as they left the diner. “Wait until I get you to try this delicious goat cheese I found…”
Ten years later
“Babe, hurry up or we’ll be late for Alex and Willie’s wine and cheese night!” Julie called, fluffing up her hair.
“Coming!” her husband bellowed back, then hearing him telling their son to be good for abuelo and they would be back later.
Julie popped her head into the living room, smiling at her dad who was rocking her daughter, whispering to her in Spanish as she drifted off to sleep. “We’re off.” she whispered, “We’ll be back around 10, okay?”
“Sounds good mija, have fun.” Ray replied, easing the bottle from his granddaughter’s mouth and smiling softly at her.
Julie went to the door, smiling as Reggie came down the stairs, looking just as handsome as he had on their first date. He greeted her with a small kiss, waving at Ray as they went out the door.
“Got the Lactaid?” Julie asked.
“Always.” Reggie replied, flashing her the packets from the inside of his jacket.
“Best husband ever.” she said, standing on her tiptoes for a kiss, then grabbing his hand to pull him towards the car. After all, they had cheese to enjoy!

Castiel was frustrated. That was the best way to describe what he felt.

As a human, he had to dress himself. It was not acceptable to go out without clothes on, and that was something he could respect. He had an outfit he liked and he stuck with it; it worked for most occasions so he saw no reason to change it. Until now, that is.

He and Dean had been together for a while now; their relationship had started when Cas was still an angel. Cutting to the chase, they had been out together before. Cas indulged Dean’s human desire to go out on dates and he’d be lying if he said he didn’t enjoy them. They weren’t particularly affectionate in public a lot of the time, most probably couldn’t even tell they were together just by looking at them, but that wasn’t what it was about for Cas. For him, it was making Dean happy and spending time with him. He liked having him to himself; who didn’t enjoy being the one and only recipient of their lovers attention?

It should have been the same as it always was, and until now, it was. Dean had come to him the previous evening, taking a seat and wrapping an arm around him. Without any thought, Castiel had shuffled closer into Dean’s side with his gaze still fixed on the book he was reading and they stayed like that for a couple of minutes.

“Cas?” Dean spoke up, prompting Castiel to take a moment to finish the page he was on before marking his spot. He then turned his head to look at Dean.

“Yes, Dean?” answered Cas, tilting his head slightly as he waited for Dean to reveal what was on his mind. It took a couple of moments, and he even saw a flicker of what he could identify as anxiety in his gaze. That filled the former angel with a similar feeling, but he tried not to pay it much mind and gave Dean the time he needed to formulate a sentence.

“D’you wanna go out tomorrow night? For dinner?” was the question that made its way out, causing Castiel to breathe a sigh of relief and give a little smile.

“I would like that a lot.” Castiel nodded, moving to get on his knees on the couch and wrap his arms around Dean. He couldn’t help himself sometimes; Dean made him feel so much warmth at times to the point where hugging his lover and sharing that feeling was the only way to make sure it wasn’t too much for him to handle. Dean’s arms wrapped around his middle as he held him close, then he leaned his chin on Castiel’s chest so he could look up at him.

“Great. I know the place, you just have to be ready to go by six. That okay, angel?” he asked, and Castiel nodded again as he carded his fingers through Dean’s soft hair.

“I can do that.” he confirmed, then leaned down to press a chaste kiss to his human’s forehead.

So, returning to the problem that Castiel now faced.

Castiel was standing in front of his wardrobe, filled with clothes he didn’t often wear. Why would he? He had an outfit he was happy with, that he felt good in. Why should he bother with anything else?

Ordinarily, he wouldn’t bother with anything else, but this was different. This was a date with Dean and although he had been out with him on numerous other occasions...he wanted to look good. He wanted to look different. He wanted Dean to look at him and say ‘wow, Cas. Lookin’ good or what?’. He wanted Dean to wolf whistle at him in that embarrassing way he did. He blamed that on his newfound humanity.

Whether that be the case or not, however, he wasn’t getting far with this endeavour. He scowled at the clothes as if it were their fault, eyebrows furrowed before turning away as he could no longer look at them. He swore he tried everything; no combinations he had come up with worked. He was frustrated, and only had an hour and a bit to settle on a decision. Things weren’t looking good, and he knew there was only one thing for it.

He’d have to ask Sam for help.

He stepped out of the room and into the corridor, listening for a moment. All was quiet apart from the TV in the living room, so he deemed it safe to go there and headed down the hallway. It was a little embarrassing to have to ask for help with dressing himself, but at this point, it was his only choice if he wanted to be ready on time. He stopped briefly outside the room, took a breath, then walked in.

It was quiet as had been expected, some kind of documentary playing on the television screen. He didn’t recognise it, but he didn’t get much time to dwell on that as a familiar voice sounded to his right.

“Hello, feathers.” Rowena smiled over at him, looking him up and down. She was sitting at the end of the couch with Sam’s head on her stomach as he lay between her legs, idly twirling his hair around her fingers as he slept here. He also noticed that she was wearing one of Sam’s sweaters, but he decided not to put too much emphasis on that.

“Hello Rowena.” Cas replied, not moving from his spot in the entrance to the room. Sam shifted slightly in his sleep, then gave a little sigh and nestled his face against Rowena’s stomach, his arms coming to wrap around her waist.

“Is there something I can do for you?” she attempted to prompt him, massaging Sam’s scalp with a soft hum.

“Dean has asked me to dinner but I don’t know what to wear. I came to ask Sam for help but I can see that he’s occupied.”

The witch frowned, studying his face before realising that he was indeed serious. She hummed again and nodded, then began to attempt to rouse her sleeping boyfriend. Eventually, he reluctantly began to stir and looked up at her with bleary eyes.

“What time is it?” Sam yawned, moving to sit up as he stretched his arms above his head.

“Just after five. I have to help our lovely Cas over here.” she explained, moving to stand and approach Castiel who did the same. He was taken by surprise that Rowena decided she’d help, but he’d take any assistance at this point. Sam frowned over at them, eyes still a little unfocused.

“With what?” He tipped his head slightly to which she went back over to his side and pressed a delicate kiss to his temple.

“Never mind, poppet. I’ll be back in a few minutes and you can go back to sleep. How does that sound?” She muttered in his ear, causing him to nod in acknowledgement and hold her against him briefly. When he let her go, she ruffled his hair then went with Castiel to his room.

Upon arrival, she peered into the closet and began to go through the several options while asking questions. He gave her what information he could, but Dean liked to surprise him so there wasn’t much he 
    could 
  give her. Still, she worked with what he did know and produced a couple of options for him.

“Knowing Dean, it won’t be fancy so I wouldn’t worry about that,” she began, looking down at his bed where the clothes now lay. “Do you like anything here?”

Castiel looked at the outfits in front of him, thinking it over. The jeans weren’t bad; he didn’t wear them often but he’d try them for tonight. There were a couple of options for his upper body, one of which being one of those button up shirts that the brothers seemed to favour so much with another shirt underneath. He supposed that was acceptable.

Rowena exited the room to allow him to change in peace, and when he looked at himself in the mirror, he liked the way he looked. He turned around to see himself at all angles, giving a decisive nod. This is what he’d wear to go out tonight. He looked good, he looked different; Dean would like it. He hoped so, anyway. He went to the living room again to show Rowena what it looked like when he was wearing it, and she nodded in approval.

“You look good, Cas. What do you think, Samuel?” she asked Sam, who looked up from his spot on the couch and nodded with a sleepy smile.

“Looks nice. You should try rolling your sleeves up.” Sam suggested, resting his head in Rowena’s lap when he finished talking. Castiel attempted to roll them up himself, but they kept falling back down again. He frowned, which then prompted a chuckle from Rowena.

“Come here, feathers. I’ll show you.” she instructed, holding her hands out for him. He approached her and offered his arm to her and she began to roll the sleeve up, fixing it there with a button on the upper arm. She did the same with the other, then nodded again.

“Dean is a lucky man.” she winked playfully, causing Castiel to blush. He still wasn’t used to that feeling, but an escape was provided for him when the front door opened and closed. Dean was home just in time.

“Thank you, Rowena.”

“Any time, Castiel.”

He approached the door where Dean stood and when the other looked up, he gave that low wolf whistle he had been hoping for. It was still embarrassing though, causing his cheeks to flush yet again.

“Lookin’ good, Angel.” He grinned, holding his hand out for Cas to take. He did so happily.

“Thank you, Dean. You look good as well.” He smiled back, Dean squeezing his hand gently.

“You ready to get out of here?”

“Yes, Dean.”

***

Castiel always liked car journeys with Dean, but this one was particularly enjoyable. They travelled in the early evening light, the sun giving one last hurrah before it began to set. The mixtape played quietly in the background as Dean drove, his hand resting affectionately on Cas’ knee. Occasionally, he gave it a little squeeze as a way of silently saying ‘I love you’. Cas rested his hand on top of Dean’s to return the sentiment.

The former angel gazed over at Dean from his place in the passenger seat, watching the golden glow of the setting sun pass over his face. He always got embarrassed when Cas said it but in his eyes, Dean truly was beautiful. He wasn’t the porcelain perfect visage that most would define as beautiful; his skin wasn’t smooth marble and showed signs of wear and tear but that was what Cas found most endearing. The lines around his mouth he had from years of laughter, the way his eyes would crinkle as he grinned at Cas after coming up with some stupid joke or word he knew would cause an exasperated sigh; these things gave Dean a unique kind of beauty that was just him. It could not be replicated no matter how hard anyone tried’ it was one of the many things Cas loved about his human.

They eventually came to a stop outside some kind of retro looking diner, a grin on Dean’s face as he unbuckled his seatbelt and applied the handbrake.
“Here we are, sugar. You’re gonna love this.” Dean beamed, Cas unable to resist the need to return the expression.

As they exited the car, Dean took Cas’ hand and interlocked their fingers as he led them inside. He was happy to follow, giving Dean’s hand a gentle squeeze as they stepped over the threshold of the restaurant. A waitress greeted them at the door, seating them at a table and giving what Cas swore was a wink in Dean’s direction before leaving them to look at the menu. Cas frowned as he watched her walk away but was soon distracted by Dean’s questioning gaze. He clearly hadn’t noticed. Despite being a hunter, Dean wasn’t always the most observant guy around.

“You okay, Angel?” he asked, head tipped slightly to the side. Cas simply nodded; they could talk about it later. For now, he wanted to enjoy his evening with his lover.

“Fine, Dean. What do you think we should get?” Cas asked, changing the subject. He was still unfamiliar with different kinds of food; he didn’t yet know what he liked and didn’t like and relied heavily on Dean’s advice. Luckily, he always seemed to know best.

“Well, burgers are a pretty safe bet. Here, I made something similar to this one the other day,” Dean spoke, pointing at an item on the menu. “I think you’d like that.” He added, and Castiel nodded in agreement.

The waitress returned and handed them some silverware, looking to Dean as he rhymed off their order. She paid Cas no mind, looking enraptured with Dean and if the circumstances had been different, he wouldn’t have blamed her or been bothered. His human was attractive and he didn’t mind others acknowledging that; it was when they acted upon it that he had an issue. He still wouldn’t allow it to ruin their evening though.

“You want anything else, Angel?” Dean asked, looking at Cas. He practically preened under the sentiment.

“No, Dean. I’m alright.” He answered simply, giving a proud smile as he resisted the urge to stick his chin in the air as a ‘take that!’ gesture. The waitress’ smile had faltered a bit but it didn’t show if you weren’t looking. Cas was happy with keeping that knowledge to himself.

When she left, Dean turned to Cas and raised his eyebrows. Cas tilted his head to the side in response.

“What was that look for?”

“What look?”

“After I asked if you wanted anything else. You smiled and looked all smug.” Dean elaborated, causing Castiel’s cheeks to flush with embarrassment as he avoided eye contact. When he thought about saying it aloud, it sounded stupid. Dean would think he was childish, think it was stupid to get worked up over it. He didn’t want to ruin the mood.

“It’s nothing.” Cas tried, but he knew it wouldn’t fly.

“Hey, come on…” Dean frowned slightly and Cas knew he wouldn’t let it lie. One thing he had come to accept about Dean was that he wouldn’t be able to rest if he knew there was something bothering Cas, and Cas was never good at hiding how he felt.

“Well…” He began, Dean nodding to encourage him. “She winked at you, Dean. And we’re romantic partners, so…” he eventually said, prompting a confused expression which was exchanged for a grin.

“Aw, Angel...were you jealous?” Dean questioned, taking Cas’ fingers in his hand and giving a small squeeze.

“I suppose so.” Cas shrugged sheepishly after a pause, avoiding eye contact.

“You got nothin’ to worry about, doll. I’m all yours.” Dean promised, gazing over at him with pure love and adoration. Cas could only look at Dean briefly after he said that; he thought that the affection that he was feeling at that moment would overwhelm him if he looked for any longer.

Their moment was ended by the arrival of their food, Cas’ stomach growling as his burger was set in front of him. They thanked the waitress and started eating, and around two minutes in, Dean was already dripping sauce down his chin and on his shirt. He used around five napkins when all was said and done, and part of Cas had to wonder why he had fallen for a man who ate like a three year old. The other part of him wondered why he found it so endearing.

Cas finished his own burger then reached over to Dean’s plate, plucking a couple of fries off of it and popping them into his mouth. Dean raised an eyebrow, looking at him quizzically as he finished the last bite of his burger.

“You’ve got your own.” Dean spoke, though there was only amusement behind the statement. Cas shrugged.

“Yours taste better.” He provided, prompting a soft smile from Dean who rolled his eyes fondly.

“Whatever you want, sugar. So long as you share yours with me.” He hummed, to which Cas nodded.

“Always, beloved.”

***
Cas felt full of both love and food as he sat back in his seat. Dean had left the table around five minutes ago, claiming he had to use the bathroom though Cas was currently conjuring up images of him attempting to get the sauce stains out of his shirt and cursing as he did so. It made him smile, a little huff of air coming from his nostrils as the scene formed in his head.

Dean soon returned, a couple of wet patches on his shirt which confirmed Cas’ suspicions. His human could be rather predictable at times.

“Hey, sugar. I got us something.” Dean grinned, looking rather pleased with himself. Cas raised an eyebrow as he studied Dean’s expression.

“What might that be?” Cas asked, to which Dean shook his head.

“You’ll see.” was all Dean responded with, and when it arrived, he did indeed see.

On their table, a large milkshake was placed between them. It was half pink and half yellow, complete with a swirl of whipped cream and a cherry on top along with two straws. Cas looked at the glass, then looked at Dean.

“I always wanted to try it, and i thought that since we’re here…” Dean explained, Cas giving a nod. Dean seemed so excited, he couldn’t very well say he didn’t want to share with him. He’d be lying if he said that anyway.

“It looks great, Dean. thank you.” he smiled, Dean glowing from the praise as they both leaned in to take a sip. It was good; Cas’ sip was mainly strawberry but there was a hint of banana too. He supposed that must’ve been the other flavour. Dean then plucked the cherry from the top of the swirl of cream, and offered the fruit to Cas who blushed but leaned in nonetheless and took the fruit off of the stem and into his mouth.

Dean kept the stem then put it in his own mouth, prompting a perplexed expression from Cas. He was about to question it, but Dean took the stem out of his mouth before he could ask, though the stem was now tied in a knot.

“If you can tie a cherry stem in a knot with your tongue, it means you’re a good kisser.” Dean explained with a proud smile.

“I already know you’re a good kisser though, Dean.” Cas stated, causing a sheepish shrug from Dean.

“Yeah, well…”

“I am still impressed though.” He decided to add, looking over at Dean with nothing but fondness. Dean flushed and looked away; he still wasn’t great with taking compliments. Cas knew that, as much as it may have hurt to admit it, Dean still didn’t believe them. That was something they were working on.

When they finished the milkshake and decided to call it a night, Dean paid the bill and they headed back out to the car. Once inside, Cas turned to Dean and took his hand in his own.

“Thank you for taking me out, Dean.” Cas spoke, giving Dean’s hand a small squeeze before leaning in to kiss his cheek. Dean, however, turned his head at the last minute so the kiss landed on his lips rather than his cheek. Dean looked pretty pleased with himself as he earned a now blushing angel.

“Anytime, sugar.” Dean murmured, leaning in to nuzzle his nose against Cas’ own. The gesture made Cas feel slightly giddy with affection, his heart hammering in his chest.

He had fallen for Dean in every sense of the word and he’d do it again in a heartbeat.
Shen Qingqiu starts off sure of his superior knowledge, goes through a period of not trusting Luo Binghe, then trusting but not listening, and finally starts treating Luo Binghe as an equal, accepting his agency.
What is Shen Qingqiu’s main problem in his relationship with Luo Binghe throughout the novel? He thinks that as a transmigrator, he knows better. Is that baseless? Early in the novel, that view of his is sometimes not validated - the first arc, the Skinner arc, which takes him completely by surprise, but sometimes it is validated - when he exits the Ling Xi Caves in Ch10 just in time for the demons’ attack on Cang Qiong Mountain, the appearance of Meng Mo, the Endless Abyss opening at the Immortal Alliance Conference.
It’s also noteworthy that he takes on the role of Luo Binghe’s master - a role that by default has him in the more knowledgeable and experienced position. Pre-Abyss, he’s expected to take responsibility and direct Luo Binghe and he’s even successful at it, making Luo Binghe thrive. But what Luo Binghe needs as a teenager is not the same as what he will need as an adult.
Shen Qingqiu’s notion that he knows everything makes sense - he has a unique perspective on how Luo Binghe’s mind works as a PIDW reader, and he works towards certain goals but with certain limitations provided by the System. The latter means that Shen Qingqiu internalizes the view in which his role is to facilitate climaxes in the novel - that he’s just a tool in the System’s hands.
Is he stupid for not noticing that the story was changed by his actions? In my opinion - no. Shen Qingqiu tests the boundaries of the System immediately upon arriving - giving Luo Binghe medicine in Ch2 and not getting OOC, defending him secretly from Ming Fan in Ch4 and not dying, and finally in Ch14 he asks if the Endless Abyss scenario is unavoidable. With the answer from the System that it is unavoidable, he notes Even a transmigrator like him who ought to have access to cheats, was unable to change this reality. So he ends up thinking that some plot points have to happen - his death included, because from a motivational standpoint he believes pushing Luo Binghe into the Endless Abyss is enough to make him want to take his life in revenge and because from a narrative standpoint, the villain needs to be killed.
So until the Endless Abyss, Shen Qingqiu thinking that he has all the answers doesn't bite him in the ass. But then the Endless Abyss comes (Ch27,) with Luo Binghe’s “Shizun, this disciple can explain.”, Shen Qingqiu’s “Silence!” and we get a glimpse into Luo Binghe’s thoughts - Had [Luo Binghe] done something wrong, something so wrong it couldn’t be absolved, that he didn’t even have the right to kneel and plead Shizun for forgiveness? From that moment on, Shen Qingqiu’s refusal to listen and talk to Luo Binghe becomes the source of their suffering.
When Luo Binghe comes back, Shen Qingqiu believes Luo Binghe has started conquering the world and wants to kill him, while Luo Binghe is trying to show him he can still be righteous. He doesn’t give Luo Binghe a chance to explain and instead accuses him of being behind the sowers’ attack (Ch34). When Luo Binghe asks him if he regrets pushing him into the Endless Abyss, still hoping to hear ‘yes,’ Shen Qingqiu chooses not to answer (Ch38). Then Shen Qingqiu accuses him of killing more than a hundred disciples from Huan Hua Palace, including Gongyi Xiao - this time he gives Luo Binghe an opening to say he hasn’t done it, but Luo Binghe doesn’t take it, sure that Shen Qingqiu wouldn’t believe him and thinks the worst of him (Ch43), just like when he was pushed into the Endless Abyss.
In Ch43, chasing after Water-Prison-escapee Shen Qingqiu, Luo Binghe expresses what he wants - for Shen Qingqiu to come with him. He may not do it nicely, but Shen Qingqiu disregards it completely.

“Come with me.”
Shen Qingqiu said, “Gongyi Xiao’s dead.”
Luo Binghe repeats his wish and once again Shen Qingqiu doesn’t answer, doesn’t acknowledge it.
So what does Shen Qingqiu do instead? Self-destructs. Why? Shen Qingqiu feels terrible about pushing Luo Binghe into the Endless Abyss. He mourned for three years, and he says in Ch38 Of course he regretted it, his intestines had gone green with regret. Shen Qingqiu never meant to hurt Luo Binghe more than what the System required of him, but in Ch43 he comes to the realization that his actions hurt Luo Binghe deeply. Even though he’d had no other choice, he truly was greatly responsible for Luo Binghe reaching this point today, becoming a dark young man who thought only of revenge on society. Originally, he’d wanted to stop Luo Binghe from becoming so extreme, but everything he’d done, not only had it failed to have a positive effect, it’d actually etched Luo Binghe’s hatred and resentment even deeper into his bones.
With that realization, the regret and guilt, Shen Qingqiu decides to make it up to Luo Binghe. But does he ask ‘Luo Binghe, what do you want from this master?’ No, he doesn’t - following the assumption that Luo Binghe wants him dead and seeing Xin Mo overpowering Luo Binghe, he decides to kill two birds with one stone and sacrifice his life for Luo Binghe - “For everything in the past, today I’m repaying you.” (Ch43).
And Luo Binghe? Luo Binghe started to panic. “I don’t want you to repay me. I… I just couldn’t get over my anger.” He spoke to himself. “I couldn’t get over my anger, that whenever you see me it’s like you’re seeing a ghost. That you happily smile and laugh with others, even though you were only like that with me in the past, and now you aren’t even willing to say more than the bare minimum to me; you even keep suspecting me… Luo Binghe doesn’t want any of that and doesn’t understand - he wants Shen Qingqiu to show care for him again, but instead Shen Qingqiu made himself another beloved person who has died because of him or has abandoned him.
The theme of unwanted repayment appears again shortly after that - in Shen Qingqiu’s relationship with Zhuzhi-Lang, where Zhuzhi-Lang disregards Shen Qingqiu’s agency for Shen Qingqiu’s “own good.” Shen Qingqiu obviously hates it - “The problem is, you think the things you do are good for me, but I don’t feel the same.” (Ch66), giving Zhuzhi-Lang the slip every time Zhuzhi-Lang tries to take the choice to create his own fate away from him. Despite hating it for himself, Shen Qingqiu won’t notice he’s subjecting Luo Binghe to “for your own good”ism without considering Luo Binghe’s opinions for some time still.
Because of that, when Luo Binghe finds out that Shen Qingqiu is alive, he’s not above trying to force Shen Qingqiu to listen to him - in Ch54, Luo Binghe attacks Cang Qiong Mountain to lure out Shen Qingqiu. He reluctantly agrees to go with Luo Binghe, but he’s mad at Luo Binghe for forcing him and deceiving him. So Shen Qingqiu twists the knife by telling Luo Bighe to stay out of his sight (Ch55).
He soon starts to feel bad about it, especially as he comes to understand just how incorrectly he judged Luo Binghe post-Abyss. The past atrocities turn out not to be Luo Binghe’s fault, with the revelation that it was Zhuzhi-Lang behind the sowers in Jin Lan City - “The Jin Lan City sowers. Was that part of your plan to make me leave the Cang Qiong Mountain sect?” (Ch57), and the revelation that it was Zhuzhi-Lang who killed the Huan Hua Palace disciples, including Gongyi Xiao - Zhuzhi-Lang continued, “Afterwards, I found out he was precisely that Huan Hua Palace senior disciple who entered the Dew Cave in Bai Lu Forest with Master Shen. So, I killed him in passing.” (Ch66).
With this information, Shen Qingqiu realizes he’d been wrong and once again feels guilty (Ch66). To speak the truth, he had never truly trusted Luo Binghe before, and he was unintentionally hurting him all along. Things having reached this stage… Shen Qingqiu forced a smile. “It’s better to believe than not.” From this moment on Shen Qingqiu is willing to trust Luo Binghe, to start giving him the benefit of the doubt instead of assuming the worst based on his knowledge of PIDW.
At that point however, Luo Binghe already believes that Shen Qingqiu would never willingly start a life with him away from Cang Qiong Mountain, especially if he truly shows himself to be capable of ruthlessness and cruelty. So he’s deceiving Shen Qingqiu about his real intentions - to unify the realms and destroy Cang Qiong Mountain.
When in Ch71 Luo Binghe, who just had a crowd hatefully say it’d have been better if he’d never been born at all, first asks Shen Qingqiu not to leave him, then asks him to leave with him He caught him by the wrist instead, saying: “Shizun, let’s go. Follow me!” Shen Qingqiu doesn’t do it - he thinks it’s better that Luo Binghe leaves alone “I’m telling you to go, so go! Listen to me!” Shen Qingqiu wants to pacify the cultivators without Luo Binghe right in front of their faces, but Luo Binghe doesn’t know that - he just hears Shen Qingqiu ignoring his needs again. Shen Qingqiu’s behavior displays that he still thinks he knows the best solution for Luo Binghe’s well-being.
And it turns out he’s spectacularly wrong. As he realizes in Ch79:


There had been many signs before this, but Shen Qingqiu had never noticed.
Or rather, he had never known that Luo Binghe actually felt so insecure beneath the surface to the point that he felt inferior.
First, he thought of Luo Binghe as too evil, but after that, he had thought of Luo Binghe as too bright and strong. When he looked back, there were initially signs of the Xin Mo sword beginning to corrode Luo Binghe’s rationality all the way back from Zhao Hua Temple.
Luo Binghe, who had just heard his own background, received a great shock. It was the moment when he was the most frightened, and he had reached out towards Shen Qingqiu, begging Shen Qingqiu to leave with him.
But he hadn’t taken Luo Binghe’s hand. Instead, he told Luo Binghe to leave by himself first. At that time, Luo Binghe’s mind started to become extremely unstable. What he needed wasn’t to withdraw safely, but to be with Shen Qingqiu. Even if he ended up being trapped at Zhao Hua Temple, unable to escape; even if he was attacked by everyone at the scene, it was still better than telling him to leave by himself!
For Luo Binghe, whose mind was in that sort of state, it was the same as abandonment.
So Shen Qingqiu adjusts his mindset yet again, and with all his genuine love, he goes to save Luo Binghe and show him that he’s who Shen Qingqiu cares the most about. In the conversation with Tianlang-Jun in Ch80, Shen Qingqiu admits that even if Luo Binghe has succeeded in unifying the realms, destroying Cang Qiong Mountain and killing innocent people, he won’t consider destroying Xin Mo as long as it could kill Luo Binghe.
It’s a notable change from his previous attitude, where Shen Qingqiu held crimes Luo Binghe didn’t even commit against him. This time, and even though the readers may be judging Luo Binghe for his callous actions, it’s not a concern for Shen Qingqiu. His only focus in that moment is to finally understand and give Luo Binghe what he needs.
And he does - he explains to Luo Binghe that nevermind the rest of the world - what he wants the most is for Luo Binghe to live well. Shen Qingqiu sacrifices his life again for him, and while the first time he died for Luo Binghe, he was doing it also as repayment, this time he does it out of love, choosing Luo Binghe, just like Su Xiyan chose Luo Binghe’s life over her own.
After Shen Qingqiu successfully resurrects in Ch81, instead of Luo Binghe chasing after him while he’s running away, he waits for Luo Binghe to come to him. When Luo Binghe doesn’t show up, he goes to him to ask why. This time, he’s willing to listen - he tells Yue Qingyuan “When Luo Binghe returns, I suppose I’ll see what he wants to do.” Only upon Shen Qingqiu arriving at this conclusion, treating Luo Binghe as a partner, can their relationship truly begin.
“Didn’t you say that you weren’t welcome here? Then go somewhere that will welcome you. (...) This time, no matter where you want to go, this master will accompany you.”
Shen Qingqiu, both as an ‘omniscient’ reader, transmigrator and master, was set up to disregard Luo Binghe’s agency. Even as the plot changed, he believed himself to have the answers to everything. Despite having Luo Binghe’s best interest in mind, by making assumptions instead of listening to what Luo Binghe wanted, Shen Qingqiu only contributed to Luo Binghe’s insecurities and instability. Realizing his mistake and how little he knows, by the end of the novel Shen Qingqiu finally is willing to let Luo Binghe himself decide what’s best for him - find or build a place that will be accepting of Luo Binghe as he is in his entirety - promising that whatever he decides, Shen Qingqiu is going to unconditionally stand by his side.
Report!
You know that this is wrong.

You should tell someone, anyone. But the words aren’t coming out just right and the moment never arises. So you keep quiet. You pretend like you don’t flinch every time you see your reflection and that the sound of rain, no matter how acidic, doesn’t make your stomach flip.

It’s easy for a while, until Amity comes back from her abominations trip. You don’t mean to, even though you do, but avoiding her has always felt inevitable. Because even the thought of her is a reminder of all that you’re going to lose. You catch Hooty looking at you weirdly and you already know that he’s starting to suspect something. But he’s Hooty, so instead of confronting you upfront he offers to kidnap Amity to cheer you up.

Even though you decline, several times, one day you find her sitting timidly on your bed. And it’s then that you notice she’s changed her nail color. It’s a simple thing, but it makes your mind wander to the places you’ve been trying so desperately to avoid. Why blue? What color will she change it to next? Will you even be around to see? Will there be someone else noticing her nail polish once you’re gone?

It’s absurd how quickly your thoughts have slipped through the cracks, leaking through your facade, because Amity quickly curls her finger inwards. Allowing you to pretend like nothing’s changed. So you take the small mercy that’s been given and ask her how her trip was. She knows something is wrong, she always does. But you refuse to give her room to ask, filling your time together with long-winded questions and short replies. And when you walk her out the door you realize just how much you’re hurting her already, and you can’t bear to imagine what it’ll feel like once you’re gone for good.

That thought lingers and harbors in your mind until one day Gus and Willow take you to the roof of Hexide and tell you that they’ll miss you. It should’ve been easier after that, but it just made everything feel too real. Eda and King try to spend as much time with you as possible, as if they can feel you already start to slip away. The life that you’ve built is starting to crumble and you know that it’s useless to try and piece it back together.

When Amity breaks up with you, you realize it’s the first time you’ve spoken in two weeks. And the worst thing is, you don’t even fight it. The Luz from before would’ve fought tooth and nail for the girl of her dreams, but it was always going to end up this way. She doesn’t look at you anymore, like it physically pains her to do so, and you try to pretend like you don’t miss it. The stares you get from everyone don’t bother you that much, simply preparing you for what the human realm has in store. They all act as if it was about time Amity realized she could do better than the human girl, and you can’t help but agree.

Eda makes you a fairy pie but you throw it away when she’s not looking, knowing that there was only one person in the entire demon realm you would eat it for. And she wants nothing to do with you now.

They make a breakthrough in building a portal to the human realm, and you know that your time is running out. Gus and Willow surprise you with a stuffed demon you all won together at the carnival and the three of you spend the rest of the day reminiscing in the woods. Unsurprisingly Gus sheds the most tears, and at the end of the day you all agree that it would be best if they didn’t come to the portal reveal.

And when the day comes, Hooty arrives with Amity in tow. He’s been sobbing for days but now you just see a solemn acceptance. When you say your goodbyes to him it’s with a mutual understanding that these will be the last words you’ll ever say to one another.

As you look towards the portal once more Eda and King turn in your direction. You don’t say goodbye to them. Instead, you allow them to believe that you’re coming back. And if they notice how your hug lingers, they don’t say anything.

Amity stands off to the side, and you hate how out of place she looks. Your arms wrap around her waist and the way you both just 
    fit
   together makes your heart ache. You try to remember her smell, the way she plays with her hair when she’s nervous and the fire in her eyes when she can finally break free from her parent’s will. She tells you that she’s happy for you, and to tell her when you’re back in the Boiling Isles. You find yourself nodding and giving her a kiss on the forehead, turning away before you can see that adorably cute blush that’ll make you stay on its own.

With one last look at the people you felt honored to call home, you know that it’s time to go.
Hien watched with some amusement as the Lord Commander shuffled into his room with a yawn, oblivious to his surroundings...or the half-naked king currently perched on his bed. It was evident that the elezen was going through the motions as he set his sword in its stand and started to remove his armor. Although Hien was reasonably sure that those motions didn’t include dropping his armor into a pile on the floor, not with an armor stand standing a few fulms away. The samurai let him get about halfway done before speaking up.
“Tsk, tsk,” he chided teasingly, “I’m fairly certain your housemaids will scold you for being so messy.”
The Lord Commander jumped and fumbled with the armor piece in his hands, clutching it to his chest as he stared, wide-eyed, at the King of Doma.
“H-hien? Fury, what are you doing here!?” he asked, looking rather shocked and bemused.
Hien laughed softly, getting off the bed and moving towards the elezen.
“Good to see you too, Aymeric,” Hien teased. Taking the piece of armor from his lover’s hands, he set it down and turned back to the man with a grin. “I’m here to see you—if my waiting on your bed did not make that obvious to you.”
He loved it when he could make the taller man flush; it was a gorgeous pigment on his skin and always seemed to start with those long ears of his. He reached up and pulled Aymeric in for a kiss before he could even think to stutter out an apology.
As he deepened it—licking at soft, supple lips until they opened up to him—he started to guide the elezen back towards the bed. With deft hands, he worked off the soft cotton shirt from his lover’s form, fingers brushing old scars tenderly to draw out a gasp. He smiled when he felt Aymeric start to tug at the strings of his hair ties, obviously wanting his hair unbound. Grabbing the delicate wrists of those hands, he kissed the palm of each as he shot Aymeric a heated gaze.
“Not yet,” he murmured against pale skin. With a gentle nudge, the back of Aymeric’s legs hit the edge of the bed. “Sit.”
When Aymeric did so, Hien knelt before him, fingers at the buckles of his boots. He let out a soft huff of laughter when he glanced up and saw the dark-haired elezen look down at him in awe.
“You alright there, my bluebird?” Hien asked, placing his chin on Aymeric’s knee and grinning wider.
“Aye,” the elezen said, blinking a few times, “I’m just….” He sighed and closed his eyes, rubbing them. “I’m sorry. I am part here, part back at my office, and I am so glad to see you that my brain is not functioning properly.”
Hien let out a hearty chuckle and leaned up for a quick kiss.
“Allow me to help with that,” he said against Aymeric’s lips, “...or make it worse.”
Before Aymeric could respond, the samurai pulled back and started unbuckling the knight’s boots. Sliding them off his feet once they were undone, placing them to the side. Next, he went for the belt at his waist, making quick work of it and the laces of his trousers. Hooking his fingers into the hem, he pulled them down—undergarments and all—slender hips and legs. He stood and tossed them over his shoulder, which earned him a soft ‘tsk’ from the Lord Commander. He stopped and gave the man an amused look.
“Really? Need I remind you who made the mess over by the armor stand,” Hien said, snickering when Aymeric gave him a sheepish look. He nudged his shoulder back and towards the head of the bed. “Now, lay back for me, my bluebird. I have plans for you.”
“I’ll see if I can keep up and stay awake,” Aymeric laughed, sliding back onto the bed.
Hien chuckled at that, grabbing a small vial from the nightstand drawer before joining the elezen on the bed. He settled between his legs as he leaned in for a kiss.
“Do not worry, you will not have to do much,” he promised before sitting back on his haunches. “Just relax and enjoy the experience.”
Opening the vial of oil, he poured out its contents onto his palm, making sure it was well coated before he took his lover’s half-hard length in his hand. With slow, gentle strokes, he began to work Aymeric to full hardness, pulling soft moans and whimpers from the knight. When he looked up, he saw Aymeric’s face half pressed into the pillows, flushed, and one piercing blue eye watching from under his wavy black hair. He watched as Aymeric’s teeth grazed over his own knuckles as he pressed his fist to his mouth, as if unsure whether to bite his fist to smother his moans or let them free for all to hear.
“Kami, you are breathtaking,” Hien praised, biting the side of his lip. His own arousal strained against his pants as he feasted his eyes on the gorgeous man writhing on the sheets beneath his hand.
He felt the elezen tremble at the praise before reaching out for him.
“Come here, my lion,” Aymeric said.
Hien did as asked, leaning in, and was pulled into a kiss. His lips parted for the Lord Commander’s questing tongue, groaning when Amyeric pulled in his lower lip with his teeth. This time, when he felt the elezen tug at the ribbons holding hair back, he did not stop him. Long, soft black hair cascaded down over his shoulder once the ties were free, the ends brushing across his lover’s chest. Aymeric smiled against his lips, fingers brushing through the long, dark strands.
“That’s better,” he murmured.
Hien chuckled and sat back on his haunches again, licking his abused lips. He reached down to tug at the laces of his own pants. Once undone, the hyur pulled himself free, gasping softly as the cool night air hit his sensitive, fevered skin. He snatched up the vial once more and poured more oil onto his hand. With it, he stroked himself to coat his arousal, groaning deeply at the feeling.
“Hien,” he heard Amyeric say, soft and reverent.
The king looked up to find the elezen watching him, eyes a dark blue storm of desire and love, looking at him like he wanted to devour him whole. Another groan left Hien’s lips at that look; it sent a pleasant quiver through him, pooling in his core and making his arousal twitch in his hand. He shifted closer, pulling Aymeric’s legs over his thighs and bringing their hips flush together so he could easily wrap his hand around the both of them. Rolling his hips slowly, Hien started to stroke them both, eyes never leaving Aymeric’s face. He wanted to watch every flutter of dark lashes against pale skin, every bite of his lower lips, every look of ecstasy that crossed that handsome face.
Soon he had them both moaning with the slide of his slickened hand and their arousals rubbing together. The samurai gasped when he felt Aymeric’s long fingers join his own, adding more to their pleasure. He heard the Lord Commander moan soft curses and praises as he stroked in time with Hien, bringing them both closer and closer to the edge. Hien tilted his head to the side as he watched, hazel eyes locked with blue that begged for release. It was a sweet sound to Hien’s ears and sent a tremble down his spine. Had this been any other night, he would have liked to extend their pleasure a while longer, but Hien was well aware that his love did not have the energy for a night of love-making.
Hien leaned in and kissed along Aymeric’s pointed ear, nibbling the tip and whispering sweet nothings into it.
“Fuck, Hien,” the elezen moaned, back arching off the bed.
“Maybe later,” Hien said, voice rough and husky, cut with desire for this man beneath him. “Right now, I just want you to cum for me, my beloved bluebird.”
He shifted his grip enough, so he was only stroking Aymeric’s need, pulling the elezen’s hand away and lacing it with his free one. Hien sped up his strokes, running his thumb over the head each time it was close, pulling moan after moan from Aymeric’s lips and causing his hips to thrust up into Hien’s hand.
“That’s it, just like that,” the samurai encouraged, toes curling and cock twitching as he watched the Lord Commander come wholly undone by his hand. “Cum for me.”
Aymeric did, moaning his name as he came over his chest and abs, back rising off the bed and hips jerking. Hien stroked him until he was spent and panting against the sheets.
“Fury take me,” Aymeric said, breathless. He looked up at Hien with half-lidded eyes. “That was...I needed that.”
“I know,” Hien chuckled, leaning in to kiss him tenderly, “Rest a while, and I will get you cleaned up.”
However, he didn’t get the chance to move as long fingers wrapped around his wrist and kept him there.
“What about you?” the Lord Commander asked, reaching up to brush back the hair from Hien’s face with his other hand.
“‘Tis alright, this was more for you than me,” Hien replied, smiling sweetly at his lover before kissing him again. He gasped as a sword-callused hand wrapped around his still hard length and started stroking with a firm grip. “Aymeric.”
“You do that so often,” the elezen murmured against Hien’s lips. “Even you should have more than just watching me. Pray, allow me the same. Allow me to watch you come undone.”
“Kami above,” Hien panted, head falling forward, forehead pressing against Aymeric’s as he used his arms to brace himself over him. He closed his eyes and just reveled in the feeling, hips jerking into that hand in a rhythmic pattern.
“So good for me, my lion,” Aymeric said softly, hand twisting slightly and pulling a low groan from the hyur, “My king...I think I shall take you up on that offer.”
Hien opened his eyes to give him a bemused look, not quite following.
“About fucking you later,” Aymeric clarified, looking downright smug when he received a groan for that. When Hien dropped his head onto the knight’s shoulder, he felt soft lips brush against the shell of his ear as the man continued to speak, “Shall I fuck you from behind as I say filthy things into your ear?”
“
    Oh kami...
  ” Hien groaned again, shivering at Aymeric’s words.
“Or should I show you how much I’ve practiced my knots?”
The rhythm of the samurai’s hips became erratic, and he moaned loudly at his lover’s words. Granted, the man could say just about anything right then, and he’d get a similar reaction from the doman—his voice was the finest of any wine one could procure, and Hien knew he could easily become drunk with pleasure from it alone.
“Aymeric,” he panted, hands fisting the sheets, “Please, so close….”
“What do you need, my lion?” Aymeric asked, kissing his shoulder lightly. “Tell me.”
“Bite me,” Hien replied breathlessly.
When he felt teeth sink in where shoulder met neck, he moaned, a bolt of levin shooting through him to his core—the catalyst he needed for his release. He came with a soft whimper against the elezen’s shoulder, hips jerking into his hand. He could hear his lover whisper sweet words against his ear, kissing it, hand stroking him until he was finally spent.
With shaky arms, Hien held himself up and looked down at Aymeric with an amused grin.
“Thank you; I needed that,” he chuckled softly, leaning in for a kiss.
“I know,” Aymeric responded, nuzzling his nose against Hien’s.
“
    Now
  , may I leave the bed to clean you up?” the samurai asked.
“If you must,” Aymeric sighed dramatically.
“Cheeky little…” Hien laughed, nipping the elezen’s nose before leaving the bed.
He retrieved the nearby washbasin and proceeded to clean them up. As he did so, Hien couldn’t help but smile as Aymeric started to nod off. Leaning in, he kissed his forehead.
“Sleep, I will be here when you wake,” he said softly.
“You better,” Aymeric murmured, settling down into the sheets and pulling a pillow towards him to hug, “Love you, my lion.”
“I love you too, my sweet bluebird,” Hien said, smiling softly.
He left the bed to tidy up—making sure Aymeric’s armor was stored correctly on its stand and disposing of the dirty water. Upon returning, he found the Lord Commander fast asleep, snoring softly into the pillow. Hien chuckled, sliding into the bed behind him to spoon the elezen. He placed a kiss on his shoulder blades before joining him in slumber.
If you enjoyed this fic, writing fics, or creating art, please consider joining Emet-Selch's Wholesomely Debauched and Enabling Book Club! Writer, artist, or just a consumer of both, it matters not; this is a community for people with a passion for writing and reading fanfics!
“Dammit! So close! 50 damn points!” Shepard exclaimed, ripping off her helmet. They’d spent the greater part of the day running around the Armax Arena, attempting to get the gold. Something about wanting to fight a team of Commander Shepards, and needing a gold coin to purchase that right.
“So close.” Kaidan agreed. “Maybe we should invite one of the others to join us? It seems we’ll have a better shot with more manpower.”
“Wrong, Alenko. We get bonus points for taking the handicap. Besides, today’s our day. So what do you say? One more go?”
“I dunno, Shepard, I’m pretty wiped. Relentlessly using my biotics like that burns a lot of calories. I say we call it and grab a bite. There’s always tomorrow.”
“But—“ she got that look in her eyes, that determined, stubborn gaze that meant her way was THE way. Except at the same time, her stomach let off a loud rumble.
Kaidan laughed. “There’s your answer, babe. So. Sushi? Oh, wait…”
“Kaidan! Is anyone ever going to let me live that down?” She gave him a playful punch in the shoulder.
Kaidan chuckled. “I doubt it. It’s so fun. Especially because you get so worked up about it.“
“So you’re saying if I didn’t react, you all would let up?”
Kaidan considered. “Mm, probably not. Just to spite you.” He winked.
“Fine, Major, you win. But steaks are on you! I for one could keep going, calorie-burning biotics or no.”
“My pleasure,” Kaidan said, snaking his arm around Shepard’s waist and steering her toward the locker rooms.
When they approached, Kaidan removed his arm from her waist only to find himself pinned up against the wall, Shepard’s lips crashing into his.
He stiffened for a moment, not being huge on PDA, before melting into her delightfulness.
“You know,” she murmured in his ear, “It’s pretty empty round these parts.”
“What are you suggesting?” Kaidan asked, knowing damn well what she was suggesting. He felt himself begin to harden, despite his reservations.
“Oh, just that I’m about to be removing some armor, and that I could maybe use some company while doing so…”
“You can’t be serious.” Kaidan forced himself to pull away from her, determined to shut down this tomfoolery.
“Come on, Major, don’t be a spoilsport. Where’s your sense of adventure?”
“You’re Commander Shepard. I’m Major Alenko. Together we’re the first human spectres. How would that look if someone walked in? Too risky. No matter how hard you get me, with these little antics of yours.”
She pouted, actually perked her lips up and pouted. “So you ARE hard though,” she said slyly, snaking her hand down toward his nether regions. (An exercise in futility, as he was wearing armor.)
“Ok, a compromise. Cab ride to the restaurant?”
“Shepard. Can’t we just eat and go home like normal—“
“People? No, we can’t. Because neither one of us is normal. And fighting gets my blood up. And seeing you in action, well…”
“Fine. Hail the cab. I’m going to change.” He started to walk off, then turned on his heel to give her a quick peck on the lips.
***
He had hardly situated himself inside the cab before Shepard was climbing on top of him, straddling him. She grabbed his hair by the fistful and crashed her lips into his, grinding her hips into him.
He felt his semi stiffen into a full-fledged boner as he slipped his tongue into her mouth, returning the kiss with fervor.
“Mmmmm,” she moaned into his mouth. “Kaidan.”
“I still can’t believe I agreed to this..” he murmured as Shepard ripped off her N7 hoodie, her breasts spilling out and suddenly very much in his face.
“There’s a 0% chance of someone walking in on us. Relax, Spectre Major Alenko.” She said as she guided his hand up to her left breast.
He squeezed in spite of himself, and brought his other hand up to claim the right.
He circled his thumbs around the edges of her nipples, just how she liked it. “Circling the moon,” she called it, from some fantasy book she’d read. They pebbled at his touch, and he bent his head forward, claiming the pink center with his lips.
At the same time, he felt her fumbling with his zipper. She’d already managed to unbutton his jeans, when the hell had she done that?
He lifted his hips (no easy feat with Shepard atop him) and pulled his jeans down along with his boxer briefs, releasing his rock hard cock. Shepard rolled off him for a second, wriggling out of her sweats, before climbing back on top of him.
She lined her slit up against the tip of his cock and pressed her hips down, engulfing him.
“Ahhhh,” he moaned, gasping at how tight and wet she was.
She began to ride him, slow and steady at first but quickly picking up the pace, bouncing up and down, harder and faster.
“Kaidan..” she moaned as his finger found her clit. He licked his finger then brought it back down, moving his finger back and forth on her clit, just how she liked it.
She fucked him even harder, ever faster, finally cumming all over his cock.
“You’re gonna make me cum!” Kaidan exclaimed, quickly pulling her off of him and cumming all over his own thigh.
“That was fun.” Shepard said matter-of-factly, climbing off him and slipping back into her N7 sweats.
“Yea, except now my thigh is a sticky mess and we don’t have any towels.” Kaidan gestured down at his thigh.
Shepard rolled her eyes. He was *such* a clean freak. “I know of a remedy, Major,” she said, before dipping her head down and licking up the mess. She finished the job by claiming his cock with her lips, licking and sucking her way up his shaft.
“That better, Spectre Alenko?” She asked, coming up for air.
“Yea. That was uhh pretty hot actually.” He wriggled his way back into his jeans, buttoning and zipping them up.
She leaned in for a kiss, soft and sweet.
“Thank you for humoring me.”
“Anytime, milady. Now can we please eat?”
Drowning.
That’s how she felt.
Like the water keeps rushing over her, filling her lungs and burning her nose. She can’t  breathe.
She’s rotting away, and no one knows. Sometimes she hopes they see through. Crack the wall she built up if only to stop her from falling.
She feels as if the only thing keeping her standing is sheer will, that one day it will all go away and the ocean will part, and she will be free.
But day after day it just rushes faster, choking her, and sometimes not even a blade helps her, or the water burning so hot it makes her faint when it would be so easy to just give in and tell someone.
But she can’t, her pride gets in the way. Because she can’t fall. She can't stumble. She must be perfect and not disappoint. Her life is great, she lives with the fucking Avengers, yet she is drowning and it’s getting harder to get back up every time the waves crash down.
Smile, as to not worry her friends, (even when it makes her want to cry)
Eat, they’ve made food, she can't be rude (even when it makes her stomach churn)
Laugh, there’s no reason not to (even when it makes her want to cry to just hear her stupid fucking voice)
They’re starting to notice, she can tell in the way their eyes crinkle with worry and their eyes cloud when she doesn’t eat breakfast again
Her facade is falling and she can’t stop it, it’s crumbling and there are too many pieces to count
She is trying but the tears won’t stop flowing and the knife goes too deep and maybe it wasn’t an accident at all but she can breathe, and at that moment she doesn’t regret it, even as the blood runs freely down her arm and onto the bathroom floor, she can’t bring herself to care because it is freeing and she can breathe.

Satoru Gojo leaned back into the chair he was seated in, blowing a bubble with the bubble gum in his mouth as he continued to chew loudly on the sweet. The sound of a sloppy wet towel hitting a wall for no reason mixed with a pair of wet flip flops walking on tiles could be heard coming from the white haired man. “Could you stop doing that?” Kento Nanami asked, not even looking up from the newspaper he was reading. Gojo didn’t answer, but instead continued to chew even louder and more annoyingly.

Nanami gave up, he realised there was no way to stop Satoru Gojo from being Satoru Gojo. “Where did you even get bubble gum from?” Nanami muttered to himself, because the blond haired man had made quite sure that no where at Kyoto Prefectural Jujutsu High School a piece of gum could even be found for this exact reason.

When Nanami and Gojo where still students themselves Gojo was still as annoying as he is today, but it only became worse when his best friend had left. Gojo’s technique grew as a result, but so did his annoying personality traits. One of which was boiling Nanami’s blood, one which Gojo had managed to perfect. The last and final straw was Gojo following Nanami around all day, chewing gum as loudly as possible. But every time Nanami had turned around, Gojo was nowhere to be found. So Nanami made it his mission to ban bubble gum forever.

“Yuji gave it to me after I dropped them off.” Gojo replied, mouth full of pink bubble gum as he continued to blow another bubble. “Itadori.” Nanami whispered with a sudden hatred. If it wasn’t for that pink haired boy Gojo would be quietly waiting for his students to return instead of chewing loudly while waiting for his students to return.

“Or better, I stole it from his pocket because I know you banned it.” Gojo grinned, his blindfold slightly going up as the muscles in his cheeks moved. “You stole it…” Nanami said in disbelief. He was still going to look disapprovingly at Yuji Itadori for even having gum in his pocket though, so the end result would remain the same.

Gojo blew another bubble, nearly making it pop and getting it stuck on his entire face if he hadn’t activated his technique. “Throw it away.” Nanami demanded, Gojo groaned but obeyed regardless. The tall white haired man swung his legs off the arm rest as he walked lazily towards the trash can, Nanami watching every movement close by. As Gojo made the bubble gum (which had lost all of its sweet strawberry taste already) drop on the bottom of the trash can, his other hand disappeared into his pocket, only to fish out an identical piece of gum.

Gojo carefully unwrapped if in front of Nanami’s eyes, slowly letting the wrapper fall into the bin too. Nanami continued to stare, his newspaper fully forgotten as he watched Gojo continue his careful movements. With a plop the new piece of gum disappeared in Gojo’s mouth and the chewing continued. Even louder than before, if that was even possible.

“That’s enough.” Nanami said as he got up from his couch and prepared to leave, but the way was blocked by Gojo. “No please don’t leave me all here, I’ll die of boredom!” Gojo said, mouth full of strawberry bubble gum once again. His breath reeked of artificial strawberries, only causing Nanami’s anger to grow.

“So be it.” Nanami said as he attempted to escape, Gojo blocking every possible outcome. Then there was a knock on the door and Gojo immediately stopped annoying the other man in the room. “Finally.” Nanami said, thanking whoever finally let the first year students return again. As the door got opened Nanami escaped, not even spending a glance at the first years.

On the other side of the door 6 pairs of eyes watched the other man slip away, walking away as fast as possible. “Finally! You’re back! Nanami was such a pain to be around.” Gojo said, rolling his eyes underneath the blindfold as he let the three students in. Outside thunder was released, followed by lightening only a few seconds afterwards.

“Glad we made it before the storm. I’d hate to have my hair ruined.” Nobara Kugisaki said, Yuji Itadori nodded in agreement. “It’d stink.” He added, causing a glare from the girl towards his way. “Anyway! Since it’s a storm outside it’d be too dangerous to go out, so you’re all trapped here with me!” Gojo smiled as he locked the door, hiding the key in the pocket where he still had some gum stored. The teacher was now chewing less loudly, not wanting to scare the biggest mop head in his class away.

“Did you just lock us up?” Megumi Fushiguro asked with one eyebrow raised, Gojo simply shrugged. “Perhaps. Anyway! Let’s play a board game!” Gojo chimed happily, already pulling out a box of Monopoly. “I don’t know the rules, so hopefully one of you do since I lost the manual.” Gojo smiled, gaining a groan from Fushiguro. “Who throws away the manual without reading it?” He mumbled.

Gojo had, in fact, not lost nor thrown away the manual at all. He simply placed it strategically in a completely different room so one of his students would have to explain the rules to him. No it had no valuable worth to know the rules by heart, but yes it was incredibly funny to watch them all yell at each other for remembering the rules differently.

Gojo opened the box and let his students take care of the rest while he leaned backwards again in his chair, chewing his gum once again. “Hey is that my gum?” Itadori asked when he noticed the teacher chewing, Gojo nodded and handed one of Itadori’s own pieces back. “Here, it’s on me!” Gojo smiled. Itadori simply shrugged and accepted the pocket gum. At that point, the pink haired boy was too scared to admit that he had forgotten all about that gum for months. Luckily for him, Gojo-sensei had replaced the old package with a new one a few days prior to the mission.

The four of them began playing monopoly for hours. Kugisaki and Itadori often got into their yelling competitions after Itadori did something wrong in Kugisaki’s eyes. “Stop yelling and continue.” Fushiguro groaned. “The faster we end this the sooner we can leave again.” The boy said. But outside, the weather had only grown worse.

Itadori jumped up at the loud banging noise of the thunder rumbling, ripping the sky apart. “Ha, you’re scared of some thunder? What are you? A baby?” Kugisaki made fun of him as she jumped up too, only a moment later. “Ha!” Itadori exclaimed, receiving an immediate slap back.

“The storms hitting really badly right now. Look outside.” Itadori remarked, Fushiguro turned his tired eyes outside to see the trees holding on to their roots. Thick black rain droplets were thrown against the window as thunder and lighting occasionally danced through the sky. Kugisaki looked disinterested at the natural occurrence while Itadori gloomed with great interest.

“That happens a lot. It’s not that special.” She said, waving it off. She would never acknowledge to the three boys around her that it was pretty nice to see it all and that if made her slightly scared, because the house where she used to live at often fought with such stormy weather, sometimes even loosing the battle.

Now Satoru Gojo was also interested about how bad the weather could be that managed to pull his students’ interest away from their game of Monopoly. Of course, he could head the rain heavily tapping against the window. The wind with singing a duet with a high soprano, waiting for the trees to follow with a baritone note. The clapping of the thunder to finish the entire orchestra and Itadori’s occasional ooh’s and aah’s whenever there was lightening.

But Gojo often found himself at ease under such a stormy weather. The curses that dominated their world would often lay low while it stormed, the streets were left behind and the cursed energy that usually was prominent in his vision would be a much softer tint of purple lines flowing around. Of course, the amount of curses afterwards were always more due to the negative feelings of the people, but it was nothing Satoru Gojo couldn’t deal with.

Gojo’s hand went up to his blindfold, softly taking off the piece of dark black fabric that covered his eyes 24/7. His usual blue eyes that often reflected the sky observing the scenery outside of the window, filling the teacher with a kind of relentless calmness.

“WOA, Gojo-sensei, weren’t your eyes blue?” Itadori exclaimed in confusion with a hint of wonder and astonishment. “Stop being so stupid! Of course his eyes are-” Kugisaki started, slowly pulling her eyes away from the window and towards Gojo’s face. Fushiguro frowned as he looked at the man’s face. For the few times the three students had seen the man without a blindfold they would’ve sworn that his eyes were blue. Nearly sky like, as to say. Like they were holding up the sky itself.

“His eyes are dark grey.” Fushiguro finished their thought, the two other students nodded and the same time and looked dumbfounded. “Wha?” Itadori exclaimed, another thunder bolt and lightning was released into the sky. At the same time it got reflected in Gojo’s eyes. The students weren’t sure whether it was just a reflection or something more.

“It truly looks like they’re holding up the sky!” Kugisaki exclaimed, in slight shock and wonder. Gojo smiled slightly embarrassed as he wanted to put his blindfold back on. What was he even thinking, randomly taking of his friends only consistent form of protection in front of his students? It took a while for the three of them to get used to having the honoured one as their teacher.

Over time they had accepted Gojo’s weird behaviour. The fact that he could sometimes ramble on for hours, filling the silence with his voice without a problem, only to say nothing and observe the next day, then to return to his old usual self the next. The fact that they rolled their eyes at Gojo’s stupid unfunny narcissistic jokes and unsuited comments in situations that required silence. The amount of power and cursed energy stored into his body. His nearly predator like behaviour whenever he encountered a curse and went all loose on it.

After all, they knew Satoru Gojo.

But there was one thing that no one knew about him, and that was perhaps for the better. People could accept the fact that he held immense power, having both his Six Eyes technique and the Limitless technique, but Gojo was convinced that they’d drew the line at the revelation of the side effect of one of his powers.

“No don’t. If quite… fascinating.” Fushiguro said the moment the blindfold had reached Gojo’s head. “Oh.” Was Gojo’s reaction. Itadori nodded in agreement. “It’s pretty cool! Do they change like the weather? Like when it snows they’ll be as white as your hair? Are your eyes like a weather forecast?” Itadori blurred out, causing a soft grin to appear on Gojo’s lips.

“Something like that…” Gojo finally admitted. His hand fell back into his lap, blindfold still clenched between his now relaxing fingers. “It’s quite something.” Kugisaki mumbled as she focused back on the game. “Anyway, I’m going to win and you losers will all acknowledge my victory.” She said as she threw a 6, the girl grinned widely as the two boys groaned in frustration upon the fact that she was way ahead of them.

Gojo couldn’t help but smile as he watched his students get indulged into the game. His blindfold remained off for the rest of the evening and the students watched the storm slowly clear up outside, followed suit by Gojo’s dark grey eyes returning to a softer shade of grey as the darkest clouds continued their tour across Japan. Slowly but surely, the lighter grey clouds disappeared too and the sun poked back through, revealing the bright blue sky once again.

Itadori shot one last glance at Gojo’s eyes, noticing how the usual light blue colour was back. Gojo quite liked the fact that his students weren’t weirded out by the side effect of his technique like most people were as they had noticed it when he was younger. Satoru Gojo was simply just glad that he was among people who loved and supported him for who he was, despite his weirdness and his secrets that he kept from everyone.

Kugisaki ended up winning the game, just as she predicated. Gojo was second after a great comeback and Fushiguro third, making Itadori last. Kugisaki continued to make fun of Itadori for losing the game while she had a triumph, causing both Fushiguro and Gojo to roll their eyes at the childlike behaviour. But both of them wouldn’t exchange the current dynamic at all costs.

Oh, and somewhere far, far away, Kento Nanami finally managed to finish his news paper and found Satoru Gojo’s hidden stash of bubble gum. “You’re so full of shit.” Nanami said as he threw all of the bubble gum away. He spared one last glance at his newspaper where Gojo had cut out a miniature Gojo, causing the blond to roll his eyes. “You’re full of shit too.” He said directed at the newspaper. And somewhere else, Gojo smiled at the fact that he had once again managed to annoy Nanami (with love, of course).
Chloe gathered the last of her belongings on her desk with a sigh. It was hard to believe that it was her final day at the LAPD; there were tears, laughter and snacks throughout the day as she went about her usual work load until it was time to clock out. Now her desk was completely bare. No photos of Dan and Trixie. Her desktop was devoid of any borderline naked photos of Lucifer (which he always changes on her when she wasn't looking). Nothing. Not a trace of her ever being there.
"It's been a pleasure working with you, Decker," the Lieutenant said on her way out. "You take it easy during retirement. You deserve it."
Chloe smiles but says nothing. If she did, she was only going to cry or choke up. So rather than stick around for final goodbyes, she quickly made her way to the front of the precinct where her ride was waiting.
Immediately, her heart soared when saw her boyfriend leaning up against his Corvette, looking down at his phone. She cleared her throat to get his attention. Lucifer quickly looked up and despite wearing sunglasses, she could see his mischievous twinkle in his chocolate brown eyes behind the lenses.
"That was fast. What did you do, one massive sweep with an arm to put everything into the box?" He chuckled as he took her belongings from her arms. "Allow me. These are safer in the trunk than the backseat."
"I mostly had everything already cleaned out weeks ago anyway. Those were just what was left over. And no. I didn't just sweep everything in. There's fragile things in there."
As he placed the box into the trunk of the car, Chloe looked back at the precinct one final time and sighed heavily. She made a lot of memories (good and bad) and friends here; Dan. Ella. Doug from Evidence. It was hard to believe that she was finally giving it all up to be God's consultant. In fact, it was hard for anyone to believe.
She felt a large, warm hand touch hers, fingers looping through her own and giving them a squeeze.
"Having regrets?" Lucifer whispered in a soft voice.
Chloe sighed. "No. Not really. Just thinking of all the memories I've made here. It's crazy just how much of my life revolves around police work. What am I supposed to do now with all this free time?"
"Oh I can think of a thing or two," Lucifer chuckled as Chloe rolled her eyes. "Seriously, detective. You worked hard to get where you are. And the Lieutenant was right. You deserve a break."
Chloe shot him a look. "Wait, how did you–"
"You forget I'm not human, detective. My hearing isn't like yours. I could hear every conversation you had in there. I can hear Ella's music blasting in her office. I can even hear your heart thudding at night when I do the thing that you like–"
"Oh my–okay. You know what? No more using your super hearing powers on me unless I give you permission. Got it?"
Lucifer raised an eyebrow she climbed into the passenger seat of the car. "As much as I'm all for consent, Chloe, I can't exactly turn my ears off. But I'll try. Do you think I can drive with my fingers in my ears?"
Chloe snickered. "At this point, is there anything you haven't done while you were driving–wow don't grin at me like that. I'm only giving you ideas aren't I?"
"Perhaps. I'm full of ideas today, detective. We've got forever from here on out!" He revved the engine before speeding out of the parking lot with a whoop of joy.
They found themselves in a fancy restaurant that Lucifer had reserved the entirety of themselves for as a treat to celebrate her retirement. As they enjoyed their meal, piano music played from speakers somewhere in the restaurant. Chloe couldn't help but watch Lucifer's elegant hands as he chewed his food; fingers moved across the table as if playing an invisible piano in front of him, eyes closed as he hit every note that came from the speakers around them.
"You seem happy," Chloe blurted during the change of songs.
Lucifer peeked open an eye. "That's because I am, detective. My girlfriend just retired, my car is full on gas, and I'm having dinner with the most stunningly beautiful woman in the world. What's not to be happy about?"
Chloe felt her face heat up as she took a sip of her wine. "Lucifer. I'm not a detective anymore. Call me Chloe."
He looked at her then–like really looked at her. His eyes wandered from her own, down over her body, then back up to her face again as if remembering every detail of it. But little did she know, he already knew every little detail of her body; every curve, every mole, every stretch mark that covered her skin. He's kissed those places more times than he could count and he'd keep kissing them until he couldn't anymore. Every part of her was perfect to him, even if she didn't fully agree.
He'd just have to keep kissing her until she believed him.
"Chloe," he finally said, a smile broadening on his handsome face. "Chloe Decker, my beautiful girlfriend. Here's to retirement and everything after that."
She clinked his glass against his with a giggle. "So how are we getting home when we're finished? You had alcohol. I can't let you drive like this."
"Good thing you're not a cop anymore," Lucifer winked. "Besides. I don't get drunk in your presence anymore. Remember? Invulnerability. Not to mention I'm God now so my first act as sky daddy is to remove drunkenness and hangovers."
"Oh. Well. It's nice to know where your priorities are...." Chloe made bubbles into her wine to hide her amusement.
"Uh....." Lucifer sighed heavily. "Well naturally I'm going to fix other earthly problems as well. World hunger. War. Fix whatever the hell makes cisgender hetero men feel so superior to everyone else–all that will be fixed once I'm on the throne. Not to worry dete–Chloe. All in due time."
They went quiet for a few moments, allowing the piano music to take over again as they ate. Chloe had finished her steak and salad whereas Lucifer was already on his third helping. It seemed that he was good friends with the head chef (of course he was) and he could order whatever he wanted as often as he wanted.
"Can you make it rain?"
Lucifer paused from chewing to look up at Chloe. She was staring out the massive glass window that separated them from the street outside whole holding the wine glass to her chest. She was so beautiful it made his heart ache. The way her bangs fell across her face. The way her eyes sparkled under the lights above them. Her sharp jawline that he loved planting gentle kisses on late at night when she was asleep. She was beautiful. She was his.
"I'm sorry. Can I what?" He asked after swallowing a bite of steak.
"Can you make it rain?" She repeated.
Lucifer chuckled, wiping his mouth with a napkin. "I'm sure I could under the right circumstances. Proper lighting. A tight little thong–"
"Not like that. I mean rain. From the sky. Can you do that?"
She was staring into his eyes now, and Lucifer couldn't look away no matter how hard he tried. "Yes. Yes I can. Though since I'm new to the job, I don't want to accidentally make it rain for forty days and forty nights. You know how that story went."
Chloe bit her lip. "It's just.....I love the rain. My family never moved to LA until I was five. Before that we lived in the country and rain was the most magical part of my childhood. My dad would take me outside and we'd dance and laugh as we became so drenched that it weighed us down. Since it doesn't rain much in LA, I want to go back to those moments. Remember the happiness and joy I felt as a child."
Confused, Lucifer cocked his head. "Are you not happy now? Was it something I did? Or didn't do?"
"No! God no, you're fine. You're more than fine. You're perfect. I just miss when times were simpler, you know? When you're a kid and the whole world just seems so big and full of magic?"
"I wouldn't know actually. I was never a kid...."
The look of sorrow in his eyes made Chloe reach across the table and hold one of his hands between hers. "Hey. Look at me," she smiled when he finally glanced up. "Kid or angel, the world is still big and full of magic. Isn't it? I mean....if there's any proof of that out there, I'm literally dating God. My ex's best friend is an angel. A demon babysits my 11 year old. What more proof do I need to know that the world is a mysterious and beautiful place?"
Her laughter sounded like music to his ears, sending a tingle down his spine. She couldn't hear it but sometimes when she laughed there was a whistle coming from her nose. He never had the heart to tell her because it was so endearing and she'd try to fix it if she found out, so he kept that little secret to himself for his own personal enjoyment.
"Anyway. Thank you for today, Lucifer. Helping me with my stuff and for bringing me out to dinner. This was so kind of you to do."
Lucifer didn't need a cue to meet her halfway for a kiss. He could hear her heart racing and as his lips met hers, he heard it speed up, causing him to smile through the kiss.
"What are you smirking at his time?" She asked as she pulled away with her eyebrows raised.
"Nothing, nothing." Lucifer cupped her neck with a hand, knowing full well that made her weak in the knees. "Let me kiss you some more. You taste divine...."
~~~~~~~~~~
There was a knock on her door late that night. The usual musical rap on her front step she knew all too well seeing how it was only one person who ever knocked Frank Sinatra songs on her door.
"Lucifer?" She said through a yawn. "It's like 3 in the morning. What are you doing here?"
"No time to talk. I need you out on your front lawn right now."
"Oh–" Chloe was suddenly led out to the small patch of grass by her home, barefoot and in her pajamas. "Lucifer," she hissed. "I'm not dressed!"
"Believe me, if there were no one around you'd be even more so but I work with what I'm given." He gently reached out and held her hands in his. "I have a surprise for you. And I think you'll like it. A lot actually."
Chloe groaned. "You didn't buy me another car did you?"
"What? No. No, of course not. I wouldn't reveal it to you this late at night anyway. It's not a car. Trust me."
She did trust him. After everything they've been through together, how could she not? He's saved her more times than she could count. He's come over for game night with Trixie with no hesitation. He's helped her solve cases. Put away dangerous people. He was a good man, inside and out. Heart and soul. And no matter how many times he denies it, he's still perfect to her, even if he doesn't fully agree.
She'd just have to keep kissing him until he believed her.
"Close your eyes, Chloe," his low voice told her in the dark. "And stick your hands out."
She did as she was told. There was no fear in her as she did so. She trusted him and felt safe enough that nothing was going to harm her. Not that he'd allow it anyway.
After what felt like a minute or two, Chloe sighed. "Lucifer, what are you doing? I'm barefoot and my feet are cold."
He didn't answer and she didn't open her eyes to see what he was actually doing. As she opened her mouth to ask again, she felt something hit her hand. It felt like liquid of some sort, and at first she thought it was a tear until more drops hit her skin from above.
Then the realization hit.
"Wait a minute. Is it–"
A sudden downpour hit them both from the heavens and she yelled in surprise. When she finally opened her eyes, she looked up at the sky and saw that it was, in fact, raining.
"You made it rain?!" She exclaimed with a laugh. "How? I thought you didn't want to go all Noah's Ark on LA?"
"Well....after hearing your story about your father, I dropped you off after dinner and I decided to do some practicing at Lux. Despite doing it outside, I somehow managed to make it rain inside too. Needless to say, my cleaner Harvey wasn't too pleased when he found out my penthouse was practically flooded."
Chloe laughed, pulling him in roughly for a kiss as the rain continued to pelt down on them relentlessly. His lips tasted like whisky and his hands felt strong at the small of her back as he held onto her for dear life. If only she could make this moment last forever or take a snapshot of this point in time. She never wanted to forget it.
"Lucifer. You made it rain for me," she breathed against him.
"I did," he whispered back, his breath warm on the bridge of her nose.
"But why?"
Even in the rain, his eyes twinkled and the water droplets clung to his eyelashes. "Why? Because I love you, Chloe. And I'd do it again. Don't you know that? Besides. A little rain won't hurt LA."
She covers her mouth with a hand to stifle a laugh, but ended up having it gently removed from her face by him as he draped both her arms around his neck, leaning in to kiss her in the rain once more. This was their perfect moment in time. Every part of it was perfect, and they both fully agreed.
They'd just have to keep kissing each other like nothing else mattered.
“Here’s your caramel mocha frappucino,” the barista said, handing out an iced drink.
Draco looked at the drink, shaking his head. “I ordered an iced black coffee… not whatever the hell that thing is.” He paused. “It looks like a sugar overload.”
“Oh, did you? I’m sorry. Let me get you the right one, it’ll take just a second.” The barista flashed him a warm smile before turning around.
Draco shook his head. He knew that the barista knew his order because he had been stopping at this cafe every day for the last two weeks. Since switching offices, he switched up where he usually stopped. Of course, every day, the barista tried handing him something that clearly isn’t a black coffee.
Draco found it amusing at first, but then once he realised it was intentional, he started to become irritated. Who else would purposely mess up an order every single day? It didn’t make any sense.
He thought about going to a different coffee shoppe, but this one was closest to his work… Plus, the barista was rather cute with his ginger hair and freckles.
“Have a great day!” He said, finally handing Draco his black, iced coffee. “See you tomorrow!”
The next morning, Draco decided that today he would order one of those fancy coffee drinks to throw the barista for a loop. Walking in, he went up to the counter and smiled.
“What’ll you have?” the guy asks, just like he always does.
Draco grinned. “A grande iced caramel macchiato,” he said, looking up at the menu and picking a random drink. He smirked in victory as the barista looked at him in confusion.
“Oh, uh, yeah, be right up.” Turning, he began to make a drink, and Draco stepped to the side to wait. He was pleased that he had taken the barista by surprise.
In a few seconds, the barista hands Draco a drink, trying to hold back what looks like a laugh. “One black, iced coffee.”
Draco let out a laugh. “That’s not what I ordered, you know.” He certainly hadn’t expected the barista to do that, but once again, he got him.
He grinned back at him. “I know, but I just couldn’t let you one-up me.”
“Name’s Draco,” he said, finally introducing himself.
“I’m Ron,” he introduced, beaming now that they had finally exchanged names.
“Well, Ron, thank you for the morning laugh.” He raises his coffee in a salute. “I’ll see you tomorrow.”
“Looking forward to it,” Ron murmured, his eyes watching Draco as he left the small coffee shoppe.
Tubbo crossed his legs at the edge of a crater and brought out his ukulele.

It wasn’t just a crater. In fact, it was important enough to be called  the crater. It was the only one that mattered, anyway. It was the crater where Tubbo’s ideals died. Where his home died.

Where he died.

And not just him but so many others. Again and again, sacrificing life after life for a dream. A hope. A home.

Tubbo strummed his ukulele. The anthem was fresh on his mind and soft on his lips. And he’d play it until the sun rose and the moss covered him.

He never moved on from L’Manberg.


Tommy wandered over the edge and took a seat. The crater looked much different now. Better, in a way. Nature was overtaking it and the wreckage now seemed beautiful. As if this was Mother Nature’s way of apologizing to everyone who lost their homes.

Tommy was startled out of his thoughts by footsteps coming from behind him. He stood and whipped around, instantly reaching for a sword, an axe,  anything  before he realized-

“Hello, Tommy.”

It was Tubbo. Tubbo, in his suit from Wilbur, with a ukulele at his side.

“What are you doing?” Tommy asked softly.

Tubbo looked embarrassed, moving the ukulele partially behind him before realizing it was pointless. He sighed and looked up at Tommy before motioning for him to sit. Tommy, confused, complied as Tubbo sat next to him. Tubbo began to play some familiar chords before opening his mouth to sing along.

It’s the anthem. Tommy realized with a start.

He sang, too.


Tubbo looked over to his friend, whose face was golden in the rising sun. For a moment, Tommy almost looked peaceful. With his eyes closed and his head tilted back to catch the warmth of the sun, it was harder to see the scars.

But Tubbo knew how dull his eyes would be when they opened.

“Come with me,” He whispered.

He didn’t think Tommy would hear but his eyes shot open immediately. He looked over to Tubbo and his brows furrowed.

“What?”

“Come with me,” Tubbo repeated. “To Snowchester.”

“Why?”

So I never have to see that look in your eyes again. So I’ll never think or be told that you’ve died. So you’re safe. Because we’re family.

Because I’m only home when I’m with you.

“I’ll take care of you,” Tubbo said instead.

Tommy laughed bitterly. “It’s rotten work.”

Tubbo paused, startled by the abrupt change in Tommy’s tone. “Not to me. Not if it’s you.”

This gave Tommy pause, as if he hadn’t expected Tubbo to say that. Or as if he didn’t think anyone cared enough to ever say something like that to him. The thought made Tubbo’s chest ache. He wanted to scoop Tommy up and never let him go again. Bad things always happened when they were separated.

It was like the universe was saying they should never be apart.

Tubbo looked Tommy in the eyes. “Come with me,” He pleaded.

“Okay.”
How could he let his guard down? He got tired for one second and now it was over, laying on the ground with a gaping wound in his chest struggling to breathe and feeling the real world slip away. As it all faded away, amongst the muffled screaming of Josuke and Kira, one voice came out clear as day:
“Jojo?” A nickname he hadn’t heard in years, from someone he hadn’t seen in even longer.
Jotaro smirked and let his eyes adjust to see a figure that he wouldn’t forget if he waited another hundred years. “Kakyoin. It’s so good to see you.” He pauses, trying to keep his stoic demeanor. “So this is it then, huh? Good. I’ve lived much longer than I wanted.”
Kakyoin hung his head with a sigh. “I’m so sorry, Jotaro.” The red head looked like he was going to cry. Jotaro tilted his head, confused. He goes to comfort his old friend, but squeaks when he realizes how painful it is to move. Kakyoin hears this and rushes to Jotaro’s side, sitting down and laying the other’s head in his lap.
“Why are you apologizing?” Jotaro asks once they get settled, “This is what I’ve wanted. I missed you. Now I don’t have to anymore.”
Kakyoin smiles that familiar smile. “I’ve missed you too. You talk so much more than the last time I saw you,” he jokes and Jotaro just rolls his eyes. The red head sighs again, “Jotaro, you know this isn’t the end, right?”
“Of course it is. It has to be, Kira got me. He won. I get to spend eternity with you now. What’s the problem?” Kakyoin had never heard his friend so panicked, it was definitely upsetting.
“Josuke is going to heal you any moment now.” Kakyoin explains, “I’m only here to spend the small moments I can with you. Can’t we just enjoy it?”
Jotaro stays quiet, clearly running over what he considered to be bad news.
“You won’t remember this,” Kakyoin continues, “but I will. And the next time I see you I’ll tell you all about it.”
Kakyoin’s reassurance seemed to snap Jotaro out of his daze because he finally speaks, “I love you, Noriaki.” His first name mixed with a confession that’s waited… wait, how long had it been?
“How old are you now, Jotaro?” He wasn’t ignoring the comment, of course. He just needed to know how long Jotaro had been holding onto him.
Jotaro looks confused, but answers regardless, “27.”
Ten years. “It’s been that long?” Now that Kakyoin is studying Jotaro’s face he can see it. More mature, his body is more lean. Kakyoin runs his hands through Jotaro’s once wild hair and chuckles. “I love you too, Jojo.” He leans down to finally kiss Jotaro, to show him what 10 years of built up pining does to a person, but finds it impossible. He goes straight though.
Jotaro reaches up to grab Kakyoins face, but the hand passes through. “Kakyoin, what is this? What’s happening?”
Jotaro sounds like a scared child, and Kakyoin knows he has to calm him. “It looks like Josuke is doing his job. It’s time for you to go back.” Kakyoin’s heart hurts when he sees a tear run down Jotaro’s face. He’s fading fast, and he knows it.
“Please, Noriaki-“
“Goodbye, Jojo. I’ll see you soon.” Kakyoin lets a tear stain his face as his love fades from his lap.
As promised, Jotaro didn’t remember the encounter. He just woke up with a sense of longing and a sudden anger at Josuke.
-
Kakyoin couldn’t leave good enough alone, of course not. He couldn’t wait ten more years to see Jotaro, so he started showing up in his dreams. Not every night, just as often as he could without feeling worn out.
The downside to this was that, just like that faithful day a few years ago, Jotaro never remembered these dreams. Surely the universe was playing a trick on him.
This particular night, Kakyoin could tell from the moment he saw him that something was off.
The greeting was the same it was every night, a teary Jotaro who was the spitting image of his 17 year old self uniform and all calling his name and hugging him. All the touches in this world didn’t feel right. No matter how hard Jotaro hugged him or kissed him or tussled his hair, it felt feather light. It wasn’t real.
But Kakyoin could feel heavy waves of guilt rolling off of Jotaro tonight. So, he led his love to a patch of grass where they sat down knee to knee. Jotaro doesn’t talk tonight, fiddling with his hat and that obnoxious chain that hangs off his jacket.
“You’re thinking too loud, Jojo. What’s on your mind?” Kakyoin asks, placing a light hand on the other’s shoulder. Jotaro sighs and turns to him, worry lines plaguing his perfect face.
“I found a woman, Kakyoin. I’m going to marry her.” Kakyoin feels his heart sink, “Of course you’re showing up for the first time in years to tell me not to do it, but I need company. The ocean is nice but it’s so lonely and I just think about you and-“
“Do you love her?” Kakyoin tries to keep his voice steady, but he was still a 17 year old boy and therefore still immature. Keeping his emotions in used to be a specialty of his, but Jotaro always managed to drag them out.
Jotaro sighs again, letting himself lean into Kakyoin’s shoulder. “Honestly? No. I don’t think I can. But I’m getting older, and it’s time to settle down and stop running away from you.” He looks up with a smirk, “This is the part where you tell me to stay miserable until I get to be with you again.”
Kakyoin has been lucky enough to see Jotaro mature, say more than 3 words every hour and make rational decisions as opposed to going with his impulse. He leans down and gives Jotaro a kiss that he can barely feel. “I think you should go through with it. You need someone to keep you reigned in. I’m sure she’s a lovely lady.”
They stay there for the rest of the night, with Jotaro laying against Kakyoin and Kakyoin pressing soft kisses into his hair. He watches Jotaro start to slip away, about to wake up, and just like every other night he tells him he loves him.
And Jotaro doesn’t say it back this time. Kakyoin knows he does, deep down, but it still hurts. “I’ll see you later, right Noriaki?”
“Of course, Jojo.” And then he leaves, leaving Kakyoin to grapple with a reality he somehow had never considered.
Of course Jotaro was getting married, he had to. It wasn’t fair for him not to move on, but a selfish part of Kakyoin wanted him to stay alone forever. An even worse part of him wishes Jotaro would have died that night to Kira so this wouldn’t have happened.
-
“Kakyoin!” He hadn’t expected to see Jotaro tonight, but somehow the stand user had found him. Jotaro tries to barrel him in a hug, but just like every other time it barely affects him.
“Jojo, it’s so good to see you.” He hugs Jotaro back, taking in the faint scent of his hair.
Of course, Jotaro still looked like his 17 year old self, that was his permanent state in this world. Kakyoin never asked how many years had passed, it had hurt him too much last time. And he definitely hadn’t seeked him out tonight. How had Jotaro found him?
“Kakyoin, you’ll never guess what.” He’s right, Kakyoin couldn’t guess. He hadn’t visited Jotaro since he had been told his love was getting married. So he just tilts his head in response. “I have a daughter. Isn’t that wonderful?”
A daughter. A child. It was wonderful news, surely, but just another reminder that time was passing without him. That Jotaro made a life without him. Still, he smiles despite himself and congratulates him.
“Her name is Jolyene. She’s only 5, it was actually her birthday today.” Jotaro is beaming with pride, something Kakyoin had never seen from the boy.
“Is that so? Did you get her something big?” What was this feeling Kakyoin was having? Jealousy? No. Just longing. Longing for a life that some woman gets to have with his Jotaro.
Jotaro smiles, seemingly excited to share. He digs around in his jacket pocket for something and produces a familiar garment. Long and silky, the color of snow, something Kakyoin could never forget.
“You kept this?” He reaches out and feels the scarf and is immediately overtaken by memories of the road to Egypt, of fighting Dio, of the water tower where he took his last breath. He pulls his hand back.
Jotaro nods, “Of course I did, it’s the only thing of yours they’d let me keep.” He takes a somber pause. “I think you’d like Jolyene. She’d like you at least, you’d be a better dad than me.”
Kakyoin lets out a genuine laugh, “Oh I’d definitely be a better dad than you. You hate kids! Remember that girl that followed us around India?”
“Anne was annoying,” Jotaro agrees, “but Jolyene is different. I genuinely care about her.”
Kakyoin tries not to think about raising a daughter with Jotaro. But oh he wanted to know what the child of Jotaro Kujo was like, so he asked: “Is she anything like you?”
Jotaro nods, “Too much so. And her mother doesn’t know how to reign her in, I could really use you. You always managed to keep me in control.”
Kakyoin doesn’t comment, choosing instead to take another step towards Jotaro so that they’re face to face. “I love you, Jojo.” Jotaro closes the small gap with a kiss.
“It’s hard without you, Noriaki.” He says when he pulls away. “I can’t do it without you anymore, I need you.” Kakyoin sees tears welling up in the boy’s eyes.
“None of that,” he soothes, “just enjoy now with me.” So that’s what Jotaro does, until he wakes up they spend the time in each other’s arms and on each other’s lips.
-
Jotaro was quiet tonight. They had picked a spot of the beach to sit, a favorite in Jotaro’s dream world, and Jotaro was avoiding eye contact by pretending to be more interested in the sand.
“What are you thinking, Jojo? Is everything okay?” Kakyoin is concerned of course. The other boy always was quiet, but never like this.
“I got married. Isn’t that awful?” Of course Kakyoin already knew this, but Jotaro wasn’t able to remember the time they spent together in his dreams. Kakyoin had tried to explain to him that they’ve seen each other many night before, but it never ended well so now he just played along when Jotaro delivered earth-shattering news that he’d heard before. “And now,” Jotaro continues, “I’m getting a divorce. She doesn’t think I communicate enough.”
“That’s fair.” Kakyoin chimes in. He’s joking of course, but Jotaro doesn’t seem to take it that way.
“I try! But I never know when she wants to talk. It’s her who should communicate.” Kakyoin just laughs in response and Jotaro sighs. “What’s worse, my daughter hates me because of it.”
“Oh, Jojo,” Kakyoin places a hand on the boys shoulder, “she’s a kid. She’ll forget about it, soon enough. You just have to keep being a good dad until then.” He kisses Jotaro’s cheek. He doesn’t ask anymore, they’ve had enough love confessions for him to know what Jotaro wants.
“She’s my daughter.” He points out.
Kakyoin nods, “my mistake, she could be mad forever.”  Jotaro punches his arm lightly before leaning over and kissing Kakyoin. When he pulls away, Kakyoin sees him smile for the first time that night. Kakyoin examines him and wonders for the millionth time why Jotaro chose to look like he did when they had met every time he dreamt. “You’re a good dad, Jotaro. I know you love your daughter, and she’ll realize it soon too.”
Jotaro nods his appreciation, before turning his attention to the faux ocean his mind had created. He pulls Kakyoin in and lays his head on his lap. The boy starts playing with red locks and absentmindedly explaining the intricacies of the ocean and how people take it for granted.
Staring up at Jotaro, Kakyoin wonders passively why Jotaro chose being a marine biologist. He’d never talked about interest in it until after Kakyoin’s death.
Jotaro pauses his rant to stare down at Kakyoin. “You must hate me, huh?” It takes Kakyoin off guard and before he can ask Jotaro to explain he’s already continuing. “I got married to try and forget you. I’m so sorry, Noriaki.”
Kakyoin chuckles, “Jojo, you really are too much. You’re living your life. I’d be more devastated if you never moved on, it wouldn’t be fair.”
“I didn’t love her,” Jotaro assures him.
Kakyoin wants to tell him to stop feeling guilty, he’s heard this speech a thousand times before. But, maybe he did get some pleasure from seeing that Jotaro still loves only him after all these years. So he stays quiet.
It doesn’t take long for Jotaro to start talking about his research paper again. Kakyoin thinks it has something to do with starfish, but he’s too busy taking in just being with his love to listen.-
“I have a daughter,” a confession that usually had an excited tone suddenly grim. Jotaro takes in a deep breath, “she’s been arrested, Kakyoin. She’s being held in America.”
Kakyoin tries not to laugh, Jolyene really WAS like her dad. “What did she do to get in trouble?”
“They say murder.” The world goes quiet. “But she didn’t do it, I know she didn’t. Somethings wrong.” Jotaro is frantic, who wouldn’t be. But Kakyoin rests a hand on the boy’s shoulder.
“I believe in you, if anyone can get her out it’s you.” Jotaro nods his appreciation, giving Kakyoin a light kiss.
But something is still wrong. Jotaro isn’t letting himself relax. And Kakyoin doesn’t want to ask why, so he just leads him to the water, the only place Jotaro ever seems to be truly at peace.
Jotaro takes the opportunity to sit with his feet in the water. Kakyoin kneels behind him so he can play with the other’s raven hair. When Jotaro finally does decide to speak, it carries a solemn tone.
“I have a gut feeling this is going to be my last adventure.” He motions for Kakyoin to sit beside him, going quiet once more.
“Don’t say that, Jojo. You’ll be like Mr. Joestar, still on adventures until you’re 80.” Kakyoin isn’t sure why he was reassuring Jotaro, maybe he wants to believe his old friend will live forever.
Jotaro looks at Kakyoin, his oceanic eyes piercing. “Did you have that feeling? When we went to Egypt, did you know it’d be the end?” Kakyoin thinks for a moment before nodding slowly. “Then why’d you do it? Why risk your life?” It’d been a question that Kakyoin had struggled with himself, but luckily had finally found an answer.
Kakyoin places a hand on Jotaro’s cheek and a kiss on his forehead before speaking. “Because I loved you, and if me sacrificing myself would help you,” his voice was soft, “then I’d do it a million more times.”
“I wish you hadn’t.” Jotaro responds, sounding the most vulnerable Kakyoin had ever seen. Kakyoin nods.
“I know, but then you’d be gone. Dio would have buried you right along with Avdol and Iggy.” Jotaro grabs his hand and squeezes hard, though Kakyoin barely feels it.
“After this adventure,” Jotaro sounds so scared, “will you be waiting for me?”
Kakyoin plants another kiss on him, smiling. “Always.”
“I used to hate you for sacrificing yourself for my sake.” Jotaro admits. He doesn’t seem to want anymore reassurance, so Kakyoin doesn’t give him any, choosing instead to pull him in for a hug.
“If you don’t make it out this time,” Kakyoin whispers, “I’ll be here to hold you like this. For eternity.” Jotaro melts in his arms, kissing his neck.
-
The moment Kakyoin sees him, he tackles him in a hug. And he feels it. This is real. He’s here with him. “Jotaro,” he whispers.
And Jotaro hugs him back, letting his eyes stain Kakyoin’s neck with happy tears. Finally, Kakyoin’s world is complete. He lets Hierophant add to the embrace, determined to never let his love go.
Eventually, though, Jotaro does pull away, a smile on his lips that Kakyoin hasn’t seen in so long. He looks the boy- no. This wasn’t a boy.
Jotaro was aged, gray peppered throughout his hair. He was much leaner than Kakyoin remembers. This was a man, Jotaro had become a man.
Why does his chest hurt?
“Noriaki, you’re here.” Jotaro sounds in disbelief. He pulls Kakyoin in again with a kiss.
His lips were rough with age. Jotaro had aged. Without him.
Jotaro isn’t letting go. It’s sweet, but how old was he? How long had it been?
“Jojo,” Kakyoin whispers, “how old are you?”
Jotaro laughs, “Too old. I’m 40, why?”
“23 years,” Kakyoin accidentally says out loud.
Jotaro sees the uncertainty in his young loves eyes, and decides it’s his turn to help Kakyoin for once. He takes his hand and plants a kiss on the redhead’s forehead, “and I’ve thought about you every second.”
Kakyoin tries not to smile but he can’t help it. “You’ve gone soft on me, Jojo.” He giggles, Jotaro shoves him playfully.
“Come on,” Kakyoin encourages, “let catch up.”
“Jolyene-“
Kakyoin just shakes his head, “She’ll be okay. She had a wonderful dad to teach her.”
Jotaro nods, taking Kakyoin’s hand in his own.
It was much more calloused than he remembered, but it was real. The kisses were real. Jotaro was finally real.
It was close to graduation and most people were happy about that. Minus Noctis.
His royal duties were starting to pile up meaning less time for Prompto which he hated. Plus they were preparing him for a quite frankly archaic arranged marriage.
He didn't hate Luna, he just didn't see her like that plus he wasn't straight. He didn't see any woman in that way. Plus she'd been writing letters to one one of Noctis' kingsglaive. Nyx. They'd become penpals, maybe even more than that.
Noctis hated the arranged marriage the closer it loomed over him because it stripped him of choice. The choice to pick who he wanted to be with. Plus he'd not seen her in years.
He grew to despise what he'd internally taken to calling the forced marriage plans. Everytime someone congratulated him at school or in the citadel he just gritted his teeth, forced a convincing smile and thanked them.
Prompto saw him to this so often as of late. A teacher or a random classmate congratulating Noctis on a future marriage he hated. He saw him bury his true feelings over and over about it. He wondered when it'd all come spilling out.
* * *
A week before graduation is apparently the day Noctis breaks.
It's over having to quit his part time job at the sushi joint across from the arcade. He adores it there.
He knows it's such a little thing to open break over but it's the straw that breaks the camel's back.
With the royal side putting more pressure on him. Increasing royal training like manners on repeat, dances for the future wedding, having to attend royal trips away with his dad and being nice to a bunch of stuck up nobles who look down on his friend choices.
And all the going on about the wedding, being forced to cancel on Prompto more often or struggling to make time for him due to duties or stupid marriage lessons. It gets too much.
He walks out of a lesson about cutlery. It's one he's had drummed into him since he was a child. He knows which stupid fork is for what. Why does he have to learn again? He goes home.
Noctis locks himself in his bedroom and stays there until nightfall. Not coming out for food and grabbing drinks and snacks from the armiger to sustain him.
* * *
He sneaks out at nine fifty five. Wearing all black, keeping his hood up and sticking to the shadows hoping that no one notices him.
He heads down to the parking lot, unlocks his car and gets in. He waits knowing that in a few minutes there will be guard switches. The night shift employees will start.
At nine fifty nine Noctis decides to leave trying to look as calm as possible. He'd less likely be stopped then if they did spot him.
Thankfully he's not stopped and he drives off into one direction he knows well. Prompto's house.
* * *
He parks nearby and heads to Prompto's . Calling his phone.
"Dude it's ten at night." Prompto says. "We have school tomorrow."
"I-I know. Just come here."
Prompto gets up and adjusts his mobile.
"You're lucky I wasn't asleep." he says. Noctis can tell he's smiling.
"Y-Yeah." Noctis swallows and sighs.
"You ok?" Prompto asks. Noctis gets close to tears hearing that, no one's asked him that yet.
"N-No." he chokes out.
He's sure he hears Prompto speed up on the phone line towards the door before opening it.
He stares at Noctis for a moment looking sad as he does.
"You look like you're gonna cry." Prompto says, hanging up. "Come here."
Noctis heads over and Prompto cuddles him. He does cry at that point and the blonde rubs his back before inviting him inside.
* * *
"I-I came here cause I can't go home. I-I can't do it." Noctis swipes a hand over one of his eyes.
"What can't you do?" Prompto asks, gently.
Noctis laughs. It's wet and bitter.
"Everything." he sighs. "I miss you."
Prompto gives him a comforting squeeze.
"I miss you too. Does anyone know you're here?"
Noctis shakes his head.
"No one knows I'm gone...Yet."
Prompto sighs and rubs his back.
"Want me to tell them?"
Noctis shakes his head again.
"Come with me," he says.
"Where to buddy?"
Noctis shrugs.
"Wherever the road takes us."
Runaway. He wants Prompto to run away with him.
"I-I-I...I don't know if that's a good idea Noct. Your head's a mess right now. Maybe sleep it off here."
Noctis sniffles.
"Please. I've never been more sure of something."
That please is all Prompto needs to get dressed and start packing everything he needs away.
* * *
He gets into Noctis' car. Sitting next to him as the prince drives off.
"What caused this?" Prompto asks. He's sure he knows.
"Duties piling high, not being able to see you, having to quit my job and that fucking wedding." he hisses. "It's like they want me to be miserable."
Prompto touches his arm.
"I'm sorry."  is all he can manage to say.
"It's not your fault, Prom."
* * *
They drive for hours aimlessly. Prompto unsure of where they're going and Noctis just as clueless.
He panics slightly as he sees the sign saying they're leaving Insomnia. He's never left Insomnia before he has no idea what it's like.
"W-Where we going?"
"...I-I don't know. Away." Noctis says.
* * *
Away is apparently stopping at a petrol station in a place called Hammerhead due to running out of fuel.
Noctis looks less stressed from when they were in Insomnia but still stressed.
"...You think they'll find us?" he asks.
"Eventually." Prompto replies honestly. "When they know you're gone."
A tear trickles down Noctis' cheek.
"I-I can't go back." he says. Panicking as he does.
Prompto doesn't know what to say.
Noctis paces before Prompto speaks up again.
"I-I have an idea on how to stop the wedding. Maybe."
Noctis perks up and stares at him.
"H-How?" he seems desperate.
"Marry me." Prompto says without thinking. When it hits him he turns scarlet. "Sorry sorry that was super inappropriate dude. I didn't-"
To his surprise, Noctis smiles for the first time that night and even laughs. He grabs Prompto's face and beams at him.
"You're a genius! I could kiss you right now." he blinks realising what he's just said and turns red. He goes to apologise but Prompto interrupts him.
"What's stopping you?" he asks. Someone's gonna kill him. But his crush wants to kiss him. Who is he to deny that?
Noctis smiles and kisses him, it's passionate and desperate. Prompto eagerly kisses back. He doesn't know what to do with his hands so he places them on Noctis' waist.
When Noctis pulls away he looks over the moon.
"I-I probably should have told you I like you." he says, making Prompto laugh. He figures the kiss gave that away.
"I like you too."
* * *
Hammerhead has phone signal but it's spotty. No surprises they're basically in a desert.
Noctis asks how they can get married before the arranged one even happens. Prompto tells him they could get a shotgun wedding.
"What's that?" Noctis asks.
"Super quick wedding. People usually do them though if they've got pregnant or something before marriage normally."
Noctis blinks and raises a brow.
"...Does it work for elopements too?"
"Don't see why not."
Prompto fiddles on his phone a bit, waiting for results to load while Noctis fills the car with petrol. When it finally does he internally thanks the Astrals despite not being religious.
"There's one somewhere in a place called Lestallum."  Prompto says.
Noctis swallows.
"It'll take a while. But maybe we can manage it. What time is it?"
"Just turned two am."
"...If we hurry we could be there at four, maybe five."
Prompto smiles.
"We should hurry then."
* * *
Noctis gets some notes in his wallet converted to gil and pays before the duo head out.
"This is fun." Prompto says on the road as the wind blows through his hair.
"Yeah. Feels like a road trip. I've never had one." Noctis says, with a smile on his face.
"Same. Wish we could have done this before. Minus the whole breakdown deal." Prompto says. "It's sad seeing you so worked up."
Noctis sighs and keeps his eyes on the road, flicking the radio channel to an upbeat song he knows Prompto loves.
"Yeah. Maybe when we're older we could do this again? Minus all the angst."
Prompto smiles.
"I'd love to. Twenty something's cruising down the road."
Noctis nods. He'd like that a lot.
* * *
They reach Lestallum at 4am surprisingly. Granted they didn't stop and Noctis went a tad over the speeding limit to get them there.
"Is it twenty four hour?" he asks Prompto as they park.
Prompto reloads the page on his phone and checks again.
"Yeah." he swallows nervously. "...What if the press finds out?"
"...We'll cross that bridge if we get to it. Maybe they'll keep it quiet." Noctis carefully gets out of the car and waits for Prompto.
Prompto gets out and stretches.
"Hopefully." He checks directions on his phone. "It's ten minutes away."
Noctis smiles as Prompto heads around to him.
"Lead the way." he grabs Prompto's hand and squeezes. "Sorry for dragging you into this."
"Noct. I want to do this." Prompto says. "If I didn't I would have said."
Prompto squeezes his hand and Noctis squeezes back.
"Let's go get married dude." he beams.
Noctis smiles back at him.
"Yeah."
“Do you need any help, Kagome?” Inuyasha asked his wife as they ascended the grassy hill overlooking the lake together. He was able to pick up on her labored breath that she was trying to keep hidden, but it really was no match for his heightened sense of hearing.
“No, I can make it. Just a little tired is all.”
“I can carry you. It really won’t be a problem.”
“I’ve been on bedrest for a solid week. I just want to do this on my own.”
“At least let me carry her.”
“I’ve got this, Inuyasha. Trust me.” So he did. But he stayed close, ensuring neither she nor the little bundle that Kagome carried in her arms would come to any harm. Together they climbed the rest of the hill, the sight at the top drawing a gasp from Kagome.
“It’s beautiful,” she exhaled in wonder. Before them was a towering tree, it’s lush branches forming shadows over the green grass that covered the hill. The sun reflected off the crystal clear water of the lake below, creating a breathtaking scene that even Inuyasha stopped to appreciate. In fact, he could hardly keep the soft grin off his lips. It hadn’t even left his face at all this whole past week because someone new had entered his life. Someone he had never thought he would ever meet.
Inuyasha was now the father of the beautiful little girl that Kagome held close in her arms.  Their  daughter. Five years ago if you had told him that he would one day have not just one, but two women in his life that were his actual family, he would have scoffed and whacked you on the head. Hanyou don’t have children. At least that’s what they thought.
But the day he smelled a life growing inside Kagome, he knew that they had overcome the impossible yet again. They had been together for years under the assumption that they wouldn’t be able to conceive a child. Especially not between a hanyou and a miko. They thought their powers would contradict each other. Yet Inuyasha had walked in the door of Sango and Miroku’s hut carrying a barrel of rice they had earned from the exorcism they were just returning from. As soon as he smelled Kagome inside, he halted where he stood, causing Miroku to bump into him from behind, and the barrel fell from his arms and crashed to the floor, the contents spilling out.
Kagome and Sango had both looked over in surprised agitation and jumped up to clean the mess.
“Inuyasha!” Kagome had said in an annoyed fashion. “What's gotten into you?” But she stopped as soon as she saw the look of complete and utter shock on his face.
“What’s wrong?” was all she could ask as he immediately pulled her into a tight embrace, enveloping her into the safety of his arms.
“Inuyasha?” she asked. He knew she sounded embarrassed but he had forgotten anyone else was even in the room with them.
“Kagome,” he began, pulling her in even tighter. “You’re...you're pregnant.”
He heard her sharp gasp and immediately smelled her tears.
“A-are you sure?” her tiny voice let out, as if she was afraid there was a chance he could be wrong.
“I can smell it. It was the same when Sango got pregnant with the twins then later with Hisui.” He pulled away from her just enough to look at her, desperate to see the emotion on her glowing face. And she was beaming up at him, tears beginning to pour in streaks down her face.
“I can’t believe it,” she said as she shook her head. “Us...we...we’re having a baby.”
“Yeah,” was the only response he could muster as he felt a sting in his own throat. He gulped it down, not wanting to seem soft.
“Congratulations, you two,” he heard Sango say. He looked over and saw the other couple in the room, Miroku’s arm around his wife’s waist as they watched the scene before them. “Looks like our little family is getting even bigger.”
Kagome let out a tinkling laugh that filled Inuyasha’s already overjoyed heart and he didn’t even try to hide the smile that she had given back to him over the years. He couldn’t hold down his own tears anymore as he pulled his wife back into his embrace. How he would ever let her go after, he didn’t know and didn’t plan to for at least the next few hours.
Yes, Inuyasha would never forget that day. But even that joy couldn’t compare to the day that he held his own daughter in his arms. He had refused to leave Kagome while she gave birth, despite Kaede, Sango, and Rin’s initial objections due to the impropriety of having a man present while a woman was in labor. But he and Kagome had never been a normal couple and he was not about to leave her when she needed him the most. Even if she had screamed out several sit commands while she pushed. For once he hadn’t minded. It was kind of his fault that she was in that much pain after all.
That was a week ago and already he was adapting to his new life as a father. He stayed up every night so Kagome could sleep, holding Moroha and rocking her back into a slumber whenever she became fussy. And for whatever reason, Moroha responded to him so well. Anytime she cried, all it took was a few seconds in her father’s arms and she would immediately calm down and return to being the happy baby she naturally was. Kagome would often well up with tears whenever this happened and to be honest, so had he a few times.
His sense of smell was both a blessing and a curse. He could tell the second Moroha needed her linens changed, but the smell alone nearly knocked him out every time. Still, he was determined to take responsibility and it had taken him a few tries, but he now considered himself an expert at changing the cloth Kagome referred to as a “die-per.” It was a small price to pay for this happiness he never thought he would be able to call his own.
“You still have the flowers?” Kagome asked him, bringing his attention back to the present.
“Yeah,” he replied, showing her the bouquet of wild lilies that he had gathered this morning. They were his mother’s favorite after all.
Together, they approached the tree and the grave that lay at its roots. Inuyasha cleared away the dead flowers that he had left a few weeks prior and replaced them with the fresh ones while Kagome sat on her knees before the tombstone, Moroha still quietly sleeping in her arms. Inuyasha joined her at her side once he had finished placing their offerings.
Mother, I have someone important I want you to meet  , he thought.
“She would be so happy if she could see the life you have now, Inuyasha,” Kagome reassured him. And he knew she was so right. He remembered the times his mother had cried for him, terrified of the life that he would lead as a hanyou. He could remember her final words to him as she lay in her deathbed, a hand on his cheek to wipe away his tears.
You deserve so much love, Inuyasha. Never forget that…
It had taken him almost 200 years to believe it.
“It’s probably for the best that she can’t see me now. I’d be terrified if you and her ever joined forces. You would have been an unstoppable pain in my ass,” he teased. The air was filled with the tinkling sound of her laughter and it instantly made Inuyasha’s heart feel more at ease.
“Do you really think she’d like me?” He gave her a lopsided grin.
“Dummy, of course she would. She’d probably be more amazed that you put up with me at all.”
“Hm, that’s true. You were already a handful on your own. Now I guess I have to put up with two children,” she teased. Normally, he would scoff and pretend to be grumpy when she teased him like that, but the picture of her glowing smile radiating up at him while she was holding his child left him completely speechless. He found all he could do in that moment was kiss her, pressing his lips softly to hers and her eyes immediately drifted closed as she reciprocated his feelings.
He ran one hand through her raven hair and the other he placed on Moroha’s head. There really wasn’t any way he could be happier than in this moment, surrounded by the women that he loved. He felt a gentle breeze caress through his hair and pulled away from Kagome. They held each other’s gaze as they felt the wind spiral around them.
“I think Izayoi approves,” Kagome said, her cheeks flushed with color. He could only nod in response, afraid his voice would break from the emotion filling his chest.
“Will you hold her for a minute?” Kagome asked him.
“Sure,” he replied, happily taking Moroha from her and being extra careful not to wake her. He watched his wife as she closed her eyes and put her hands together, a vision of beauty as she prayed.
Is this what you and father felt, Mother? When I think I can’t get any happier, I just look at them and I can’t help but fall in love all over again,  he thought. He looked down at the tiny bundle in his arms and ran his thumb across her chubby cheek, still completely in awe that he had made this beautiful baby with Kagome. A  shihanyou  baby. He didn’t think that was even possible, yet he and Kagome had already defied time and space to be together so what was one more impossibility they had overcome?
I can’t promise that life will always be easy, but I can promise I’ll protect you and your mother with my life. He had already made this vow to her many times in both the past week and even well before that throughout Kagome’s pregnancy. He knew a time would come when it would be put to the test, but knew he would never falter. They were his strength and he would do anything for their safety.
He saw Kagome open her eyes and lower her hands back into her lap, a soft smile gracing her lips.
“Whatcha pray for?” he asked her, genuinely curious.
“I...I thanked her. For blessing me with her son. And I promised I would always stay by your side,” a blush forming on her cheeks as she refused to meet his eye, keeping her gaze trained instead on her hands in her lap. “And that I would try to make you and our daughter as happy as I could.” His eyes widened at this confession. Even after all this time, Kagome could still shock him when she got all mushy.
“S-stupid, you already have,” he replied back, aware that his own face was now flushed. She looked back up at him, that lovely smile donning her face again.
“Really?”
“Obviously…”
And with that, no more words were needed as she scooted closer to him so she could lay her head on his shoulder and he rested his atop hers as well. It was a position they often found themselves in. Inuyasha, for one, loved it as it showed her complete trust in him and that he was a source of comfort for her, the same way she was for him.
A cheerful gurgle sounded out from the bundle in Inuyasha’s arms, a sign that Moroha was now awake and craved attention, which Inuyasha was more than happy to give. He offered her a clawed finger and she immediately wrapped her tiny hand around it, showing off claws of her own. Brown eyes that held their mother’s sparkle met his amber ones and he knew he would never be lonely again.
He had found home at last.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Unbeknownst to the couple and their new baby, two beings watched over them, one a beautiful human woman in an elaborate kimono and the other a powerful male, hair as white as starlight. After all the years of doubt, their son, whom they had loved and treasured, was now finally able to not just accept himself, but could share his heart with those he deemed worthy. They were so proud of Inuyasha and knew that one day he and his wife would join them in the afterlife where they would be met with open arms. But first they still had a whole lifetime of happiness laid before them. Until that day, they would watch over them and guide them as they lived each day, always by the other’s side. Always together.
It almost surprised you how easily the totality of your life’s possessions fits into boxes.
The entirety of your childhood bedroom, admittedly forgoing your rather impressive collection of stuffed animals, fits more or less into 12 boxes - along with a couple of suitcases that you use to transport your clothes, and your backpack stuffed to the brim with notebooks, your laptop, and a lonely pair of socks you forgot to put in with the rest of your apparel.
The heaviest boxes are those containing your plentiful collection of books: a mix of well-loved and re-read novels, and the textbooks you accumulated in your first year of university. The lightest box is the one you’d packed last, stuffing odds and ends into that you’d forgotten to put into other boxes - including a last minute addition of your favourite stuffed teddy bear from childhood, named Oscar, who you couldn’t bear to leave behind (no pun intended.)
All in all, it only takes the movers you hired around 45 minutes to unpack the contents of the small box truck and lug it up to your new apartment: a quaint two-bedroom on the third floor of a building not too far from your university’s campus. You thank them when they leave, offering them each a cold bottle of sports drink you’d made a point of setting aside in the fridge before they arrived - they accept both the beverages and your words of thanks gratefully.
After only an hour, the move that you’ve been anticipating for the better part of the summer is finally over.
You’re then left with the challenge of unpacking.
The apartment is already mostly furnished by your new roommate, Sasha, who has been living there for a year already. When her previous roommate moved out at the end of the school year prior, she’d made a post on your university’s Facebook group advertising a room for rent. Though you didn’t know her particularly well, you were coming off a year of living with a terrible roommate in a cramped dorm room with abysmal campus food, and jumped at the prospect of better living conditions.
You met for coffee one afternoon before the semester ended late in the spring, toured the apartment quickly, and had already made plans to move in at the end of the summer by the time you’d made it back to your residence.
Sasha seemed nice enough: outgoing, relaxed, and with a serious appetite judging by how quickly she scarfed down not one but two pieces of cake in the cafe where you met up just down the road from the apartment. You’d only exchanged a few texts in the weeks leading up to your move-in, to coordinate getting a set of keys and various other logistical details, but she seemed nice - leagues better than your last roommate - and you were looking forward to getting to know her better.
The move went as smoothly as it possibly could; the boxes were packed ahead of time; the movers were highly rated, punctual, and professional; and everything was neatly labelled so that when it came time to start unpacking it would be easy to do. You're a notorious planner, so you’d accounted for every possible misstep and planned contingencies in the case they occurred.
One thing you hadn’t planned for, however, was the heat.
It made sense that the one singular thing that you had absolutely no control over would be the thing to go wrong; the weekend you planned your move, your university town was being hit with the worst heat wave it had seen in thirty years.
And of course, your A/C is broken.
“The landlord said he’ll send someone over to look at it on Monday,” Sasha says, sweeping a hand across her perspiring brow as she stands near the front door.
The movers had just left, your furniture and boxes all piled high in your new bedroom, and Sasha was just about to head to work for the day - having informed you on first meeting that she works part-time through the summer at a bakery a few blocks away with her boyfriend, Niccolo.
It’s only Friday, which means you’ll have to suffer through another excruciating four days of heat before you have any hope of reprieve.
“How nice of him to come fix it after the worst of the heatwave has passed,” you grumble to yourself, pulling the material of your t-shirt away from the sticky skin of your abdomen.
Sasha laughs a little at your bitter response. “The bakery has A/C - you should come by later if you need to cool off!” she says with a smile, which you endeavour to reciprocate in spite of your disgruntlement. With a final wave of her hand she ducks out the door, leaving you to the heat and your boxes.
You pad across the apartment, back into your bedroom, tugging your shirt off as you go.
It’s simply too hot for clothes.
You survey the boxes around the room warily, and with a long world-weary sigh you set to work unpacking.
Twelve boxes had been easy enough to move, but were a hell of a lot harder to unpack when the air felt as thick as concrete.
You make good progress throughout the day, and when four of the twelve boxes have been completely unpacked you take a much needed break to chug the last sports drink in the fridge and sit on your new balcony to cool off.
You’d stripped down to the absolute barest amount of clothes human-decency allowed while you worked: a simple pair of athletic shorts and a sports bra. But it still feels like too much fabric given the oppressive heat hanging in the air.
You watch the people passing by in the streets below from your seat on your apartment’s balcony, scraping your bare toes across the concrete beneath your feet - even in the covered shade the ground is still hot to the touch.
As you sit out in the practically non-existent afternoon breeze, you find your attention particularly focused on the people entering and exiting the little convenience store on the corner across the street. You watch as people duck into the sliding doors of the store, emerging minutes later with plastic bags dangling from their hands. Some people emerge with popsicles, others with cold drinks - most seeming to turn to the convenience store to help them survive the veritable hellscape that wasn’t set to pass for at least another few days.
You make a note to run over to the shop yourself and grab some more drinks before the day is over, knowing you’ve completely depleted your stock.
You don’t linger long outside, realizing that thanks to the stagnant air there’s little difference in temperature between your bedroom and your balcony, heading back inside to return to the task of unpacking.
The fifth box you begin unloading is full of books - you take your time slotting your collection of titles neatly into the bookshelf you’ve set up beside your desk, organizing them alphabetically by author’s last name.
You’re halfway through authors whose names begin with the letter N when your phone starts ringing. You look around your new bedroom from your place on the floor - sitting cross legged among short stacks of books still waiting to be shelved - spotting your cellphone on the other side of the room on the edge of your bedside table.
You nearly trip over a pile of books (authors with last names beginning with R) in your haste to retrieve the device.
“Hello?” you ask, a little winded, when you finally manage to answer the call.
“Hey!” Sasha’s voice greets you from the other end of the phone. Her tone is chipper but subdued, and you distantly wonder if she’s making the call in secret while she’s still on-the-job. “My friend Connie left his phone charger at the apartment the other day, do you mind if he swings by to grab it?”
“Of course, I’m just unpacking. He can come by whenever!” You nod your head, though you realize a moment later she can’t see you.
“Okay!” Sasha chirps happily. “Oh! He has his own key, also - I probably should have told you that before you moved in.”
You pause, unsure of how you feel about some stranger having a key to your apartment, but if Sasha has already entrusted it to him you suppose you don’t have much ground to complain.
“Okay cool, that’s fine. I’ll just be in my room.”
You hear someone call Sasha’s name irritatedly in the background of her side of the call and she squeaks out a parting before the line clicks dead - you laugh lightly as you look down at the Call Ended screen on your phone.
Since you’re already up, you take it as an opportunity to pad out to the kitchen and get yourself a glass of water. As you let the tap fill up the glass in your hand, you note again that you really need to run to the convenience store to get more drinks. You take a long gulp of your disappointingly tepid water as you shuffle over to the living room.
You set your glass of water onto a coaster and flop down onto the couch - turning your head to watch a bead of condensation roll down the side of your glass and pool on the coffee table below.
Everything feels heavy as you lay reclined on the surprisingly comfy sofa: the air, your limbs, your eyelids.
Your eyes flutter closed for a moment, and before you know it you’ve fallen asleep.
When they open again, there’s a stranger’s concerned face hovering over you.
“Ah!”
“AHHH!”
The stranger echoes your own shout of surprise as you roll off the couch onto the floor, your hip colliding painfully with the blunt edge of the coffee table.
You scramble up to your feet and find yourself face-to-face with a guy around your age with his hair cropped close to his head in a buzz cut.
His tongue is purple as he yells: “I’m sorry! I thought you died!”
“I was sleeping!” you yell back, “who the hell are you?”
“I’m Connie! Sasha told me she’d tell you I was coming over, I’m so sorry!” he apologizes profusely once more, his hand raised in what you can only assume is a stance intended to make him look as unintimidating as possible.
You blink, remembering your phone call with Sasha earlier in the day. Your mind is hazy from the heat and the sleep and the fright you’d just experienced, but you recall it after a moment.
“Oh, right. She did tell me you were coming over. Sorry, I must have dozed off,” you say, relaxing slightly and feeling the tension in your shoulders dissipate ever so slightly.
Connie mirrors this deflation, head drooping a little in relief. He shoots you an easy smile. “It’s hot as hell in here, I don’t blame you. Sasha wasn’t kidding when she said your air-con was busted!”
At the mention of the heat, it seems that you suddenly both become aware of how underdressed you are - you both look away, your arms crossing over your barely-covered chest.
You only look back at him when you hear slurping sounds from across from you.
“Is that a slushie?” you ask curiously, noticing the drink in his hands that you must have missed in all the excitement.
“Uh, yeah. I just got it from the convenience store across the street,” Connie says, holding it up a little for you to see.
“Huh, nice.” You can’t remember the last time you had a slushie - it had to be a good couple of years - maybe even since you were a kid.
“Well, it was nice to meet ya! Sorry again for the scare!” Connie waves from the door, the charger that he’d come to retrieve clutched in his hand that wasn’t holding his drink.
You laugh a little, pushing your hair back from your face. “No worries.”
After your unexpected visitor leaves, you go back to unpacking - but you can’t seem to tear your thoughts away from the slushie Connie had been sipping. After a while of lusting after an icy beverage of your own, you push yourself up from your seat on the floor - resolved to do something about it.
You take a brief, delightfully cold, shower and then throw on a flimsy sundress and a pair of sneakers.
You head out with your new set of keys in hand.
The A/C in the convenience store is so strong that you shudder when the sliding doors shut behind you, the perspiration on your skin cooling quickly under the burst of unexpectedly (but very welcome) cold air.
You head right to the fridges along one side of the store, grabbing a few more bottles of brightly coloured sports drink and some green tea, and then you continue towards the slushie machines lining the walls on the opposite side of the store.
There are four flavours for you to choose from: grape, cherry, blue raspberry and orange. You fill the largest size cup available with blue raspberry, watching as the icy blue slush pools in the waiting cup below the dispenser.
One the drink has been filled and you've popped on a domed plastic lid, you tote your purchases over to the checkout counter, and get in line behind an old man who seems to be arguing with the shop attendant over lottery tickets. You try to ignore it, but can’t quite tune it out as you wait only a few paces behind the scene.
The drinks in your arms are cold as you hug them to your chest, and you wish you’d grabbed a basket as you squirm against the chill seeping through the thin cotton of your dress. You should have put a bra on before leaving your apartment - but the very notion of putting one on fresh out of the shower had sounded so torturous you simply couldn't bring yourself to do it.
Eventually the cranky customer ahead of you in line shuffles out the door - tickets in his hand and muttering under his breath about the injustice of lottery odds.
“Sorry about that,” the young man behind the counter sighs when you finally step up.
“I’m sorry you had to deal with that,” you laugh lightly, dropping your purchases onto the surface in front of you but keeping your slushie in hand.
He begins scanning your items, tawny eyes flickering up to you as you take a sip of your drink.
“It’s pretty gross out there today, huh?” he asks, making polite small talk.
“Absolutely disgusting,” you agree, chewing on the end of your straw as you glance out through the windows lining the front of the shop. “I just moved into an apartment across the street and our air-con is broken.”
“Brutal,” he winces sympathetically.
You sigh with a nod. “It is, so I’m grateful for an excuse to hang out in the cold - even if it means seeing you get bullied by a pensioner.”
“Well, Mr. Tompkins comes in every afternoon around this time if you’re hoping to catch a repeat viewing,” the young man quips, and you laugh lightly.
Your eyes scan the front of his blue vest where his name tag is pinned. Jean.
“I might take you up on that,” you say, eyes flickering back up to his, “at least until Monday when the A/C is fixed.”
He smiles, reading you off your order total. Your brow furrows in confusion.
“I think you forgot this,” you say holding the slushie up, the total too low to have included it.
He shakes his head, smirking a little. “Don’t worry about it - consider it a house warming gift.”
“My house is already pretty warm,” you reply dryly, handing him over some cash.
“Fine, consider it a gesture of goodwill to help prevent you from getting heat stroke.” Jean drops the cash into the drawer of the register before handing you your purchases in a plastic bag.
“What a good samaritan,” you snort, before softening appreciatively. “Thank you. You might have just earned yourself a return customer.”
He grins, a brow quirked curiously. “So, see you tomorrow around the same time?”
“If I don’t die of heat exhaustion,” you muse, holding up a finger in warning, “and I’m paying for my slushie tomorrow.”
“If you say so.”
You don’t pay for your slushie the next day.
Or the day after that.
You do however get a rather spectacular viewing of an argument between Mr. Tompkins and Jean over the price of a carton of milk while you sipped an orange slushie - Mr. Tompkins having some choice words about the effects of price inflation - and then another about how Mr. Tompkins swore there was usually a senior discount at the convenience store, and Jean assured him that there never had been and never would be one.
You fall into this routine: you show up, pour yourself a large slushie from the self serve dispensers lining the far wall of the store, stand behind Mr. Tompkins as he argues with Jean for anywhere from 5 to 10 minutes, and then you step up to bicker about whether or not you should pay for your beverage. Jean always wins.
It’s pretty dead in the store that Sunday, just an old lady browsing the aisles, so you don’t feel bad about staying and chatting for a while after you pay for your bag of pretzels and two bottles of tea - and once again lose the argument about paying for your sweet, frosty drink.
“Does Mr. Tompkins really come in and pick a fight with you every day?” you ask, leaning against the counter as you sip on your slushie. You had chosen cherry that day.
“Hasn’t missed a day that I can remember since I started working here Freshman year,” Jean nods, eyes flickering over your face as you swirl the straw through your drink.
“Oh, are you in uni?” you ask curiously, looking up and catching his eyes on you.
“Yeah, going into senior year,” he nods, looking away. His cheeks go a little pink.
It’s cute.
“You?”
“Yeah, going into second year,” you reply. There’s only one university in your town so it isn’t hard to guess that you go to the same one. “What are you taking?”
“Business,” he replies, scratching absentmindedly at his ear.
“Capitalism is a plague,” you sniff indignantly.
“Capitalism gave you that slushie,” Jean reminds you pointedly, a smirk tugging the corner of his lip upwards.
“You didn’t charge me for it, so technically this is a radical act of anti-capitalist rebellion,” you reply.
“The slushie cost 2.99 - it’s not like you assassinated Jeff Bezos.”
You stick your red-stained tongue out at him.
He laughs.
“So what are you taking?” Jean asks, tilting his head to the side.
“Dietetics,” you say, smiling.
“You consume a lot of sugary drinks for someone studying nutrition,” Jean snorts.
“And you sure give away a lot of those sugary drinks for someone studying a free market based on the exchange of goods and services for profit,” you bite back.
“I only give them away to you,” he says with a light chuckle.
You blink, processing the admission. You seem to realize at the same time exactly what he’s said and the both of you look away, suddenly unable to meet the other’s gaze
“I can’t believe classes start up again in two weeks,” Jean complains, swiftly changing the subject as he raises his arms over his head in a stretch. Your eyes catch on the way that the white t-shirt under his convenience store vest rides up, revealing a patch of skin at the bottom of his abdomen. You tear your eyes away once more, taking a long sip of your icy drink to douse the heat you feel kindling in the pit of your stomach.
The little old lady who’d been browsing leisurely around the store chooses that moment to shuffle up to the counter.
“Hi Jeannie,” she coos as she begins slowly unloading her purchases onto the counter from the basket in her hands.
“Hi Mrs. Jones, how are you doing today?” Jean asks, smiling warmly at her over the counter.
“Oh, same as always,” the elderly woman croons with a chuckle. “Roger sent me out to pick up some bits and bobs - I think he was just trying to get me outta the house again.”
“I’m sure Mr. Jones wouldn’t do that - not to as sweet of a wife as you,” Jean chirps, exuding a sort of effortless charm as he interacts with the woman - clearly a regular customer.
You smile as you watch the exchange, stepping back towards the exit. You pause, waiting for him to glance up at you. When his eyes flicker up to meet yours, you raise your hand and wave, which he reciprocates while ringing Mrs. Jones’ purchases through. She’s still prattling on as you slip through the sliding door back into the heat outside.
Jean does seem like the type old ladies would fawn over.
You’re still smiling as you make your way back into your apartment, hardly even noticing the sweltering heat anymore as you shuffle through the door.
You leave your convenience store bag on the kitchen counter and cross the room towards the balcony to crack open the door and let a bit of breeze in - not that there’s much reprieve in doing so, the air outside is just as hot as the air in your home.
You pause in the doorway, peering across the street towards the convenience store as your thoughts flitter back to the boy behind the counter.
At that exact moment, the doors to the store slide open and Mrs. Jones dawdles out with a plastic bag in her hand. You watch as she gets a few paces away before the door slides open again, Jean darting out after her with another bag in his grip, his blue vest flapping behind him .
They exchange a few words, Jean handing the plastic shopping bag to her which she takes gratefully - clearly she’d forgotten it in the store and he’d rushed out to return it to her. You watch as the elderly woman reaches up to pat Jean’s cheeks appreciatively, he has to dip down so she can reach him.
You catch yourself smiling to yourself as the two part ways, ducking back into your apartment out of sight.
You swear the red slushie tastes even sweeter after that.
Jean isn’t working the next day when you go into the convenience store, and you can’t help but feel a little disappointed. Mr. Tompkins is there though - and he spars with the man behind the counter about how sales tax is a scam for a good nine minutes before the clerk shoos him out of the store.
You pay $2.99 for your slushie. You got grape that day.
Connie is at your apartment when you return home, sprawled across the sofa like he lives there - which you’re beginning to think he might as well.
“Hey, new roomie! Good to see you’re still kickin’!”
“Barely,” you laugh as Sasha shuffles out from the kitchen. “Still no A/C?” you ask turning to her, misery heavy in your tone. Your maintenance man had been working on the cooling unit for the better part of the afternoon before you went for your daily visit to the convenience store, but now he was nowhere to be seen and your home was still unbearably warm.
“The guy said they have to order a part but that it should be here by Wednesday,” she says, equally downtrodden, and both of you share a sort of commiserating look.
You’re in this hell together, after all.
“You guys have plans for the night?” you ask, dropping your tote bag on one of the stools at the island in the kitchen, unpacking your drinks onto the counter.
“We’re going to see a movie with some friends! Wanna come?” Sasha asks.
“What movie?” you inquire, yanking on the handle to the fridge and luxuriating in the cool air that spills from inside.
“The new zombie one! 'Redemption of the Undead - Part Five’!” Connie says excitedly, popping up over the back of the sofa to grin wildly at you.
You wince - you’ve always been a bit of a baby when it comes to scary movies.
“I’m not much of a horror gal - real life is scary enough,” you say, shaking your head a little.
“Awwww come on! You can meet the rest of the gang!” Sasha says, “plus you can get in on our bet to see how long it takes before Ymir and Historia start sucking face!”
“Who?” you ask, confused as you don’t recognize the names.
“Our two friends! They’re… y’know…” Connie flips his wrist.
“Ah,” you say, nodding in understanding. “Well, as fun as that sounds, I’m still pretty wiped from the move. I’ll probably just stay home and get a good night’s sleep.”
Connie and Sasha nod, not pushing the offer, and you shuffle off towards your room as the two of them fall back into conversation.
You pause in your doorway, grape slushie in hand, debating whether or not to ask Sasha and Connie if they know anything about Convenience Store Jean, before thinking better of it.
Yeah, you may all go to the same school, but you hadn’t met either of them before you moved in, so it stands to reason that they probably don’t know him either. You shake your head a little to yourself, slipping into your room for another quiet night, languishing in the heat.
As the start of classes draws ever nearer, your friends from school start to come back to town.
A few days after moving into your own apartment, you spend the day with your friend Hitch - who you’d become fast friends with the year prior after suffering through an introductory level biology class together - helping her move into her own (thankfully air-conditioned) apartment.
The two of you are standing in Hitch’s new kitchen, unpacking a very Hitch-appropriate set of pink dishes into her empty cupboards, while you listen to her recount her various summer sexploits in painstaking detail.
She’d just finished telling a particularly spicy story about a lifeguard who worked at a beach near her family home, who had been all too happy to give her a bit of mouth to mouth, when you put the last pink bowl onto it’s new shelf and close the cabinet door.
You turn to her, an eyebrow raised. “So, what about Marlowe?”
You watch as Hitch freezes, a mug dotted with a pastel flower design in her hand, unwilling to meet your gaze. She immediately gets cagey at the mention of the boy, spluttering out something evasive and non-committal. The two of them had been partnered up the year prior for a group project in one of their classes, and had remained friends even in spite of their drastic differences in personality. You strongly suspect there are some unspoken feelings between the two of them that neither of them have yet had the courage to act on.
You smile a little to yourself but don’t press it when she clearly side-steps the subject.
“So, what about you? Any juicy boy news?” Hitch asks, nudging a drawer closed with her hip after half-assedly dumping her silverware into it. You bite back a comment about her terrible system of organization, mulling instead over her words.
“Not really,” you trail off, nibbling on the edge of your lip as you fiddle with a spatula in your hands.
Hitch catches the ambivalence in your words right away. Like a hunter stalking its prey, she pounces on the moment of exposed vulnerability without any hesitation.
She sidles up alongside you, leaning close to your face, her bright eyes sharp and prying.
“Doesn’t sound like it,” she purrs, pressing the tip of her pointer finger to the crease that had formed in your brow, her nose practically touching yours.
“Okay, okay!” you bat her hand off your face, sliding away from her to put a bit of space between your bodies. “There’s this guy… who works at the convenience store across from my new place.”
“The convenience store?” she asks flatly, clearly unimpressed with the decidedly unsexy profession.
“Yeah, he’s really… nice.”
“Nice?” she parrots back monotonously.
“Yeah he always chats with me.” You continue to chew on the edge of your lip as you think about Jean and the strange relationship the two of you have cultivated over the past week or so.
“Honey, I hate to break it to you but that’s called customer service,” Hitch says, her tone gentle as though softening a blow.
You roll your eyes and throw a nearby roll of paper towel at her. It hits her head dully and bounces off, making her squeal. You can only laugh in response.
“Is he hot?” Hitch finally asks, having grappled a second roll of paper towels out of your hand after she saw you reaching for another.
“Extremely,” you sigh, though you sound a little miserable as you say it. It’s undeniably true, and has caused you more than a little bit of agony over the past few days.
“Well, then all hope is not yet lost.”
The two of you continue unpacking for the better part of the afternoon, though you do take a break to order some food through a delivery app. You sit together on her kitchen floor eating and gossiping about your friends and classmates that you’d been keeping up with over the summer as the afternoon sun sinks lower on the horizon outside her windows.
You get a text from Sasha late in the afternoon when the sun has almost completely disappeared from view in the sky, asking if you want to join her and her friends at a frat party that night. She knows you’re hanging out with Hitch, and tells you to invite your friend along too if she wants to come.
You’re not really a fan of frat parties, having very quickly come to that conclusion in your freshman year, but you know that it’s probably not going to be too crazy seeing as not everyone is back on campus yet. You mull it over for a moment after receiving the invitation, before eventually extending the offer to Hitch.
“What frat is it?” Hitch asks curiously as she unpacks a box of blu-rays on her living room floor.
“Uh, Alpha Omicron Tau?” you reply uncertainly, scrolling back in your conversation with Sasha just to confirm.
“Annie’s boyfriend’s best friend is in AOT - you know, Eren?”
Annie was Hitch’s roommate freshman year, and though the two of them had been an absolute nightmare to deal with for the first few months of living together, they ended up unlikely friends. You eventually formed a friendship with Annie as well, by proxy thanks to Hitch, and you had also met her boyfriend Armin - whose smiley personality and gentle demeanour is as shockingly different to Annie’s as you could have possibly imagined.
“Oh, the one who looks like he hates the world?” You have a vague recollection of a surly guy you’d met through Armin the year prior. He was a little unpleasant to be around, but his quiet dark-haired girlfriend seemed to be cool.
“That’s the one,” Hitch snorts.
Hitch eventually agrees to the party - deciding that the two of you deserve an evening to let loose after all of the hard work you’d put in that day. You don’t point out that you spent the majority of the afternoon laying on her floor watching TikToks together, and that the better part of her belongings are still in boxes.
The two of you spend the rest of the evening getting ready - you borrow some clothes from Hitch to avoid making a trip back to your apartment - and you split a few bottles of wine between the two of you before taking an Uber to the party.
It’s busier than you would have thought as the two of you approach the house on Greek Row - the street just off campus where all of the frat and sorority houses were situated. The music pulses loudly into the hot summer night, and there are plenty of people lingering outside the entrance to the house as you make your way in.
“Let’s find Sasha so I can introduce you!” you say, raising your voice a little to be heard over the music, tugging Hitch along behind you through the crowd.
After a bit of searching, you find Sasha, her boyfriend Niccolo, and Connie all seated around a red cup covered coffee table with two other girls.
“Hey new roomie!” Connie cheers at your arrival - still having yet to drop the nickname. You notice he's wearing a shirt with the frat's insignia on it - clearly Sasha's connection to the party in the first place. “Glad you made it!”
You smile, tugging Hitch up alongside you.
“This is my friend Hitch!” you say, making their introduction. Everyone greets her warmly.
“These are our friends Ymir and Historia!” Sasha says, pointing out the two other girls who were joining them - a dark haired girl with sharp eyes and freckles dotting across her cheeks, and a petite blonde perched atop her lap with her arms circled protectively around her thin waist.
“Nice to meet you guys!” the blonde, who you’re pretty sure is Historia, says to you both warmly.
You catch Connie flicking his wrist in your direction from behind them, in what was probably the most pitiful attempt at covertness you’d ever witnessed. You suppress the urge to roll your eyes at him and instead smile at them, returning the girl’s sentiment.
From the corner of your eye you see two other figures approach the group and Connie breaks into a grin.
“And here are a couple of my brothers!”
You turn and have to keep your jaw from falling open in shock.
“I see the resemblance,” Hitch teases, earning a bit of a laugh from everyone gathered.
Two other boys had approached the group both also sporting frat shirts - one with short dark hair and freckles on his cheeks, smiling warmly at the two of you.
And the other is Jean.
The two of you blink at each other for a moment like some sort of standoff, totally unaware of the conversation continuing around you. After a moment you both smile, laughing a little.
What are the odds?
As the group is chatting, you and Jean find yourselves standing off a little to the side next to one another. He crosses his arms over his chest, fiddling with the red cup in his hand.
“Hi,” he says quietly, keeping his voice low as to not be overheard by the rest of your friends. He smiles down at you from behind the brim of his cup, glancing at you from the corner of his eye.
“Hi,” you repeat his own word in reply, feeling the telltale warmth of a blush sting your cheeks. Your eyes flicker over to him, trailing to the t-shirt that covers his broad chest. “Weird seeing you without the vest.”
“Weird seeing you without a stained tongue,” he quips back dryly.
You stick your aforementioned tongue out in response, which earns you a laugh from him.
“So you’re Sasha’s new roommate, huh?” Jean asks, absentmindedly ruffling the hair at the nape of his neck. “Small world.”
You hum in agreement.
Sasha says something, evidently recounting the harrowing tale of your broken A/C unit to the group at large, pulling you back into the conversation to share in the woeful retelling.
You like Sasha’s friends. They’re nice, and funny. Connie, having evidently had quite a bit to drink that evening, is even more boisterous than usual and his relationship with the other members of his frat is fun to watch.
You gather more information about the boys of AOT as the evening progresses: a big blonde guy named Reiner is the frat chapter president, and you catch sight of him with his righthand man Bertolt - vice president, and very possibly the tallest guy you’ve ever seen in your life - on and off over the course of the party. You also find out that Connie, Marco, Jean, and Eren (who you haven’t yet seen but are sure is also in attendance) all pledged together first year. They’re a rather mismatched group, but you can’t help but notice that they all seem to complement each other well.
Reiner and Bertolt approach your group later in the evening, giving you and Hitch the chance to be properly introduced, however briefly. Marco is quickly called away to help Bertolt with some drunk guy stuck on the roof again - to which you had, rather incredulously, muttered ‘again?' only to find out that it was a semi-regular occurrence at the frat house’s infamous parties. You choose not to pry into it any more than that.
As Marco, Reiner and Bertolt begin to shuffle away, Reiner looks back over his shoulder towards Jean.
“Make sure to show our guests where the drinks are!” he calls to the boy beside you, who nods dutifully.
As Jean offers to lead you and Hitch through the party to where the drinks are found, Connie pops up and opts to tag along as well - and as you cross the crowded house, he and Hitch fall eagerly into a conversation about third-wheeling because Connie didn’t want to be stuck alone with the two duos of Niccolo and Sasha, and Ymir and Historia.
The four of you step into the busy kitchen and make your way to a counter covered in bottles of practically every type of liquor imaginable, all while Connie and Hitch are still loudly complaining about the indignity of being forced to spend time with people in love.
Connie had just made some comment about how annoying it is listening to people talk about how much they like someone when Hitch nods eagerly in agreement, a finger reaching out to point at you accusatorially.
“Tell me about it! She’s got a big crush on some guy who works at a convenience store, and I had to listen to her talk about it alllll afternoon!”
Your eyes widen immediately at the comment. First of all, because she’d been the one to pry the conversation out of you in the first place, and secondly because that “some guy” happened to be standing only a few feet away. You find yourself grateful that Connie seems to be too drunk to put the pieces together, and Jean doesn’t seem to have heard the comment at all.
“Hitch!” you hiss at your friend through your teeth, reaching out and clutching her arm tightly - willing her to sense the ‘shut the actual fuck up’ vibes you were sending in her direction.
“Yeah, yeah I know: he’s cute or whatever!” Hitch says dismissively, shaking her arm out of your grasp. You don’t dare to cast another glance towards Jean, who you know must have been close enough to hear that comment.
Connie snorts, jutting his thumb out towards Jean. “Yeah well he’s obsessed with some hot girl who keeps coming to his work to buy slushies!”
Both you and Jean freeze.
A few things happen then in rapid succession: Hitch sees Annie across the party and runs off to greet her; Connie gets distracted by people doing keg stands and forces his way over to participate - yelling something about how he doesn’t want anyone to beat his record; and finally, Jean’s large hand circles your wrist easily - tugging you towards the doorway.
He guides you along behind him through the halls of the crowded frat house, pausing every so often to glance back and make sure you’re okay, make sure you’re still there, make sure you’re still real - you aren’t really sure. Eventually the more crowded space of the main living area turns into a labyrinthine series of dimly lit and sparsely occupied halls, and soon you find yourself being pulled into a room with the door shut behind you.
Your pulse is pounding distantly in your mind as you survey the room, like the music playing somewhere far away in the house, only the dull thrum of bass meeting you so far from its source. You’re in a bedroom, you realize that much quickly - with two beds pushed on either side of the room, one made and one unmade. There are various trinkets you’d expect to see in a bedroom - textbooks, pictures and posters on the wall. There’s a shirt crumpled in a heap on the floor and a backpack hanging from one of the chairs pushed under one of the twin desks set side by side along one wall. You know Jean shares a room with Marco, and it’s not hard to gather that this is where you presently found yourself.
“Did your friend mean it?” Jean asks after a moment of you looking around curiously. You peer over to see him standing almost comically far from you on the other side of the room.
“Mean what?” you ask him uncertainly, tilting your head slightly.
He shoots you an exasperated look, as though frustrated he has to spell it out for you.
“You know, that you… think I’m cute or whatever.” He suddenly seems exceedingly bashful - all of that confidence he’d had when he dragged you along behind him to his bedroom seeming to have abandoned him when he needed it most.
“Dunno,” you murmur, toeing idly at the beige carpet underfoot, “when Connie was talking about the hot girl with the slushies… was that me?”
Jean sucks in a sharp little breath of air, looking away as he purses his lips thoughtfully.
“I mean, you were technically hot. We’re in a heat wave and your air-cond-“
You shoot him an unamused look, and he cuts himself off before he makes it any worse for himself.
Jean sighs.
“And what if he was? Talking about you, I mean.” He seems to muster up a bit of courage, holding you in his stare. “What if I told him about you? What then?”
He takes a hesitant step towards you, and then another - slowly gaining confidence until he has you practically pinned against the door.
A moment passes as you acclimate to the weight of his words and to the staticky hum in your ears at his sudden nearness. You’re not even sure if you’re capable of stringing together any coherent sequence of words, but you force something out anyway.
“Well, I guess I’d have no choice but to admit that you’re the cute convenience store guy.”
Jean breaks into a crooked grin above you.
Something flutters in the pit of your stomach at the sight - a flicker like a flame, only this time you don’t have a slushie in your hand to douse the kindling hazard.
“I mean, it’s not like I was talking about Mr. Tompkins,” you mutter, your lips pursing into a little pout.
“I sure hope not, because that would make this pretty awkward,” Jean sighs before dipping down to crash his mouth to yours.
You’re taken aback for a moment, hands flying to grasp the tops of his arms. You aren’t sure if you’re going to push him away or pull him closer, but one gentle brush of his fingers against your jaw makes up your mind for you as you melt into him instinctively. He cups your cheeks in his large hands, tilting your face up to meet his as your lips part against his own.
You know this is probably not a good idea. You know that you have a house full of your friends just a floor away, likely wondering where the two of you have disappeared to. But even knowing that, you kiss Jean like you have all the time in the world; moving at your own pace, savouring it like the weight of your hasty decision couldn’t rapidly creep up on you at any moment. You lean into it, you reach for it blindly, clinging to him like he’s the only thought you’ve ever had.
The way his lips mould to your own, alternating between parting and suckling; licking and biting; giving and yielding. You allow yourself to get lost in that, until the voice of reason in the back of your mind has be drowned out by the thrum of your own pulse.
You’ve had your fair share to drink that night, but you know that the way your head swims, the heat that pumps steadily in your veins and paints your skin in a flush that you can feel crawling up your neck, that’s all Jean’s doing.
“Fuck, hold on to me,” Jean mutters, finally pulling his lips from yours.
Two strong hands slide down your hips to your thighs, hiking them (and you by extension) up around his waist. He holds you up with one hand, the other bracing himself against the door. Your own arms reach up to loop around his neck, holding him even closer to you than he had been a moment prior, your chest pressing flat against his from your newfound elevation.
You hold a little tighter to him than you had been a moment prior - instinctively seeking his mouth again with your own, chasing the warmth and the wetness. He laughs a bit at your eagerness, kissing you again, though this one is slightly more chaste.
You sigh as he moves to trail his lips along the line of your jaw, sliding eventually down to your neck. He leans down to mouth against your collarbone and you crane your neck, arching your back to give him better access to the sensitive skin of your décolletage. He places a kiss there, and then another, and another - tracing a warm line back up to the base of your neck where he finishes the sequence with a gentle suck to your pulse point.
You keen at the feeling, a whiny unintelligible sound peeling from the back of your throat. Your hips shift forward as your wrap your legs a little tighter around his waist, unconsciously seeking friction. In response, you feel Jean drag his teeth against the skin of your neck, biting down lightly as a groan rips through his own chest.
“You have no idea how long I’ve wanted to do this,” Jean mutters the words directly into your stinging skin, fervid and reverent. The hand he’d been using to support himself on the door trails gently over the skin of your shoulder, sliding his fingers under the thin straps of the slinky dress you’d borrowed from Hitch for the evening.
“How long?” you gasp out, breathy and exhilarated.
Jean pauses, peering up at you through his long lashes as he flicks his tongue over a bite he’d just left against your clavicle. His long, lithe fingers continue their journey downward, tracing lightly over the visible peak of your nipple beneath the material of your dress.
“Since the day you walked into the store in that little sundress, the air-con so strong these were peeking through,” he pinches lightly at the bud he’d been idly tracing, earning a surprised squeak from you. “Fuck you were gorgeous.”
“I was?” you ask breathlessly, and he nods.
“You are.”
You seek his mouth again, pressing your lips together to stifle the moan that he ekes out of your throat as he grinds his hips up against yours. He pulls you away from the wall, your arms winding tighter around his neck as both of his own hands press against the curve of your ass. He carries you over to the bed, laying you down with a surprising degree of gentleness.
You stare up at him as you lay flat against the cushy surface of his mattress, chest rising and falling rapidly as your eyes trace the lines of his handsome face. His own eyes trail down your body, settling at the tops of your thighs where your dress has ridden up, exposing a peek of the panties you wear beneath.
“Can I?” Jean asks quietly, hooking his thumbs under the hem of your dress as he peers down at you. You nod eagerly, helping him tug the garment up over your head before tossing it somewhere onto the floor behind him.
His own t-shirt soon follows, revealing the muscular planes of his chest from underneath and the sparse line of hair that trails from his navel down below the waistband of his jeans.
That’s as far as the two of you get before you’re eagerly reconnecting your mouths, having gone too long without the feeling of his lips on yours - though the newly exposed flesh of your bodies brings an added level of excitement as you feel his warm skin meet yours.
His hands find your thighs again, drawing them up around his waist as his fingers dig into the plush thickness of them. Your ankles cross behind his back as he grinds his hips down into yours, making you gasp against his lips. It feels entirely different than it had when he had you pinned against the wall - now, with the entirety of his weight on top of you, with only the thin material of your panties between his touch and your skin, it’s like something has ignited inside you.
You suddenly feel hotter than you had at any point in the past week, heatwave and broken A/C be damned.
But this is a nice kind of hot, building in the pit of your stomach like you’re burning from the inside out - a slow simmer that turns scorching and all-consuming with only a couple grazes of his hands along your skin.
“Want you so bad, it's been hell,” he murmurs into your mouth as his fingers slide up the inside of your thighs towards your core. His touch ghosts over the damp patch that has formed at the centre of your panties, the fabric clinging to the skin beneath it.
You whimper against his lips, and he pulls back a little, settling on his haunches so he can watch the movement of his own fingers between your legs. His eyes are dark and ravenous as he observes the way your thighs twitch with every careful graze of his fingertips along your slit.
“Watching your tongue turning all those different colours and wanting to taste it.”
His fingers press a little firmer against the fabric, tracing along your covered cunt until he finds the raised bud of your clit, rolling it under his thumb. Your hips shift into his touch, desperate for more contact, more pressure, more friction.
“Watching the way you bite your straw when you’re thinking.”
You teeth dig into your lip as Jean traces a firm figure eight with his thumb, tearing a moan from your throat.
“Please,” you whisper, breathy and pleading.
He’s quick to appease you, looping his fingers under the band of your panties and tugging them down your thighs, finally ridding you of the final layer of clothing between his touch and your skin.
“Perfect,” he sighs as he admires you bare beneath him, firm hands pinning your thighs back so he can appraise your dripping, aching core.
His fingers snake down between your legs once more, orbiting your clit a few times more before swiping down to coat his fingers in the slick that had been rapidly accumulating along your slit. A single finger traces around your core which has you clenching impatiently around nothing, whining at the insufficient contact. He chuckles at your eagerness, but it’s barely more than a breath of air huffed through his parted, kiss-slick lips.
Suddenly two long fingers slide into your heat, crooking up inside you, and the sensation sends you reeling.
“Fuck,” you both hiss at the same time as you clench around his digits.
You want more.
More, more, more.
You feel gluttonous at your first proper feel of any part of him inside of you - and you’re suddenly unsure if you’ll ever be sated by your fill of him.
“Kiss me, please,” you keen, desperate and sweet, and Jean almost moans as he eagerly obliges, catching your lips in another searing kiss as his fingers curl inside of you again.
Your hips cant up with every stroke of his fingers into your cunt, chasing the fullness and the bright spots that spark behind your heavy eyelids every time his long digits brush against a particular spot inside of you that you could never hope to find on your own.
Jean slowly but methodically takes you apart with his fingers until you’re whimpering and babbling unintelligibly against his lips - a brush of his thumb against your momentarily neglected clit it all it takes for the flames that had been licking you to swallow you whole, a silent scream tearing from your throat as you cum.
Jean’s fingers don’t pause their careful ministrations, working you past your peak until you’re trembling and mewling for him to stop.
“S’too much, too much,” you whisper, voice weak and quivering, shaking your head from side to side as dampness collects along your lash line at the oversensitivity.
Jean kisses the corner of your mouth with a chuckle, withdrawing only at your insistence. He leans back, bringing his hand up to his mouth where he wraps his lips around his still glistening fingers.
You watch, enraptured, as his tongue eagerly laps around his knuckles to clean every last trace of you from his skin. The sight is sinful and lewd - and has that same fire that had only just subsided in the pit of your gut fanning alight once more.
The hand not presently between his lips travels to the button of his jeans, undoing it.
He pops his fingers from his mouth, staring at you intetly.
“Is this okay?” he asks you carefully, hesitantly. “We don’t have to do any more if you don’t want to.”
“Want to,” you hardly even sound like yourself now as you rasp out your broken reply. “Want you.”
He groans, palming his clothed erection through his jeans.
He doesn’t even bother shucking his pants completely, too frantic and incensed by the earnest, needy way you replied to him, tugging his jeans and his underwear down to his thighs impatiently.
His cock bobs free and you take a moment to appreciate it. He’s long - though you’d surmised as much from the impressive bulge he’d been sporting since you were grinding on each other against his door. His dick is slightly curved, the head pink and glistening with beading precum as he gives it a few cursory strokes once he draws it completely from his briefs.
He leans over you and quickly retrieves a condom from his bedside table, his scent and his warmth suddenly overtaking you as he reaches across your body. You watch intently as he rips into the foil package with his teeth, rolling the rubber deftly down his impressive length.
He catches your eyes watching him and smirks a little, dipping forward to kiss you again while grabbing a pillow from behind your head. He tucks it under your hips, a large, domineering hand on either side of your waist as he angles you the way he wants you.
You feel the thick head of his cock run through your slick folds, nudging against the your still-swollen clit and you keen a little - sensitive from the orgasm you’d only recently come down from.
But you want him.
He clearly feels the same desperation that you do, because suddenly, without much further preamble, he slides inside the welcoming walls of your cunt.
If you thought the depths his fingers could reach were impressive, it was nothing compared to this.
Jean’s forehead drops to your shoulder, cursing as you envelop him, clenching down instinctively against the sudden intrusion.
“Feel so good,” he moans, his words practically slurring in pleasure as his hips jerk forward shallowly - like he’s trying to hold back but can’t.
“Jean, move, please,” you beg as you try to shift yourself down his length, but his hands on your hips keep you pinned down in place.
“Hold on, give me a minute,” he says, tone pleading as his grip on your waist tightens slightly. He sounds as wrecked as you do already.
He shifts after a quiet moment of panting breaths and racing pulses, rolling his hips against yours with more haste this time, and your fingers twist into the sheets underneath you at the sensation of him properly filling you up. He seems to gain confidence after the first few thrusts, building into a steady rhythm that has you choking on his name at the back of your throat.
Jean uses his grasp on your hips to pull you down to meet him as he fucks into you desperately. Your hands reach for his, wrapping tight around his wrists as he holds fast to you. Every fibre of your being feels like it’s on fire again, the heat that you’d thought had subsided reigniting with even more ferocity than the first time.
You can’t help but think you’d happily allow yourself to be incinerated away into nothingness beneath him if it felt as good as this.
His grip remains tight on the curve of your waist, but his roughness only serves to further fuel your pleasure, each harsh meeting of his hips against yours bringing you closer to the brink of release once again.
Your chest bounces with each thrust. Jean fucks you down into the mattress with such a fervour that you can hardly catch your breath. Your nails bite into the skin of his arms, desperately trying to ground yourself as pleasure singes through your veins, his name slipping from your lips quietly on every stroke.
He reaches his end before you see another - a carnal moan ripping from his chest as you feel his cock pulse inside of you. You suck in a sharp breath, the feeling of him finishing within you unexpectedly causing your walls to flutter, clamping down around him.
“Ah, fuck,” Jean hisses, pulling out from inside you as the feeling grows too much in the wake of his orgasm, smearing some of your own arousal down the skin of your thigh.
He makes quick work of pulling off and disposing of the condom in the trashcan beside his nightstand. Once he’s done so, he leans back on his haunches and brushes his hair back from his face, a few strands sticking to the sweat dampened skin of his forehead while he catches his breath.
You feel empty without him inside you now, the second orgasm that you’d felt building only moments prior ebbing away beyond your reach, but you can’t deny that you feel distinctly satisfied as he flops down beside you in his bed. Your chest heaves with every inhale as you try to calm yourself down - or at the very least get your heart rate to return to a pace that wouldn’t get you admitted to a cardiac intensive care unit.
Jean shifts slightly from his place beside you at the head of his bed, turning his chin down to look at you lying next to him. Just as his lips part to speak, there’s an unexpected knock at the door.
You jolt in surprise and instinctively reach for the sheet twisted under your bare legs, yanking it up to cover your chest. Jean shifts, sitting up in the bed and angling himself between you and the door to shield you behind his broad back - though it remains closed.
“Uhhh, Kirstein?” a somewhat reluctant voice calls out from the other side of the door. "If you’re in there, the breaker flipped and there’s no power in the kitchen again. Bert’s still trying to get that dumbass from Sigma off the roof so you’re the only one tall enough to reach the box.”
Jean sighs deeply, a resigned sound. “Yeah, I’ll be down in a sec!” he calls back gruffly, thinly veiling the annoyance in his tone as he reaches for his t-shirt that had been unceremoniously discarded on the floor.
“Sorry for interrupting!” the voice calls sheepishly while Jean pushes his arms through the sleeves of his his shirt. You almost snort at the sincere remorse in the boy’s words.
You watch as Jean hastily redresses, knowing you should do the same. Hitch is probably wondering where the hell you went, since you hadn’t gotten the chance to tell her about Jean.
Jean turns to you as he stands at the end of the bed, now fully dressed - stuffing his hands into the pockets of his jeans.
“Uh, the bathroom’s through there if you wanna clean up a bit,” he says, nodding towards a door on the other side of the room. “Sorry if it’s a mess, Connie’s room is on the other side and we share it, just make sure you lock both doors.”
You nod in understanding, rising from his bed on unsteady legs. You almost stumble a bit, though you catch yourself at the last moment, but Jean takes a step towards you anyway.
It’s a little bit awkward.
You don’t know what else you expected, sleeping with a guy at a party who you barely knew.
And who you’d now be forced to see on a semi-regular basis thanks to your mutual connections.
Yeah, you really hadn’t thought this one through.
Jean quietly excuses himself, slipping through his bedroom door which you lock again behind him. You gather your clothing from around the floor, perching on the edge of his bed to quickly tug them back on - resolved to find Hitch and get the hell out of there as fast as humanly possible.
This doesn’t prove to be a particularly difficult task: when you return to the party downstairs you quickly locate Hitch entirely too drunk for her own good - which is almost impressive considering you hadn’t even been gone that long.
You send a text to Sasha to let her know you’re leaving and that you’ll see her back at home the next day, and then maneuver Hitch out the nearest exit - eager to take your leave.
You soon find yourself walking down the road on greek row, Hitch’s cellphone in hand as you order an Uber to come and pick you up.
It’s Hitch’s cellphone and not your own for two important reasons: the first being that since she’s too drunk to make the walk back to her place, she can be the one to pay for the cab. The second being that you confiscated the device when she made an attempt to drunk dial Marlowe on your way out of the frat house - leaving the two of you to squabble over it as you make your way down the cracked pavement of the sidewalk.
“Hitch, it’s almost 2 in the morning - the poor guy is probably sleeping,” you say exasperatedly, trying uselessly to reason with her. You finalize the Uber request so it will pick you up on the corner down the road from the Alpha Omicron Tau house as Hitch makes another attempt to wrestle the phone from your hands.
“Annie would let me call him!” Hitch jeers back defensively as she trots along behind you, though her steps are staggered.
“Annie would leave your drunk ass on the curb,” you say flatly in response, pausing your stride to look at her pointedly, stuffing her phone safely into your purse.
Hitch pouts, knowing you’re right but still crossing her arms over her chest indignantly. Suddenly her eyes narrow - head tilting as a comedically blatant expression of realization dawns on her.
“You look like you had sex.”
You start walking again, unconcerned as to whether or not she’s following you.
“I did have sex,” you reply flippantly.
Hitch audibly guffaws, sputtering incomprehensibly for a moment before finally forcing out a coherent: “with WHO?”
“Jean,” you say simply, still walking down the sidewalk.
“What about convenience store guy?” Hitch protests in outcry, suddenly up in arms in defence of your otherwise unnamed crush. You finally pause your steps, sighing, and turn to her.
“He IS the convenience store guy, genius.”
Hitch’s bleary eyes go wide as she processes this information.
“That tall guy? From the party?” she asks, seeking clarification. “That’s him?"
“Uh huh,” you say with a nod, tone slow and movement exaggerated as though speaking to a child.
You watch her as she mulls this over, practically seeing the gears turn in her alcohol sodden brain.
Finally her lips purse, and she nods a little - as though in support of your decision.
“You really weren’t kidding when you said he’s cute, huh?”
You spend the night at Hitch’s apartment, having fallen asleep in her bed shortly after she locked herself in the bathroom with her cellphone to call Marlowe.
You wake up side by side, reaching over and ending the 6 hour long phone call that lit up the screen of her cellphone beside her on her pillow - with only soft snores coming from the other end of the line. You laughed lightly after you hit the red end call button, shaking your head at your friend’s obliviousness to her own feelings - and to those of the boy who had answered her call at three in the morning and stayed on the phone with her all night.
You spend the day helping Hitch nurse her hangover and doing a bit more of her unpacking - though not without making sure to remind her that you still have your own unpacking you could be doing at home every time she flops down onto her sofa to complain about her headache.
By the time you get home that evening, you shuffle in the door of your apartment and feel an immediate rush of cold air.
It seems that in the two days you’d been away, your A/C had been fixed.
You call out for Sasha, but quickly realize she’s not home - you wonder if she’s working or if she ended up spending the night at Niccolo’s and hadn’t made it home yet, and make a note to text and ask her.
You head into your bedroom, luxuriating in the deliciously cool atmosphere in your apartment, and flop on top of your bed, exhausted.
As you lay flat on your back staring up at your ceiling, you can’t help but find your thoughts drifting to the convenience store across the street.
Truthfully, a lot of your thoughts that day had been dedicated to the subject - or rather the boy in the blue vest who worked behind the counter.
A quick glance at the clock on your bedside table tells you that Jean’s shift has probably already ended for the day.
You gnaw on the corner of your lip as you mull this realization over.
Even if it hadn’t, would you go?
You’ve had almost a full 24 hours to process just how awful your decision making skills had been the night before, and have come to a few conclusions:
1 - Hooking up with your new roommate’s friend was unlikely to end well, and was asking for a mess.
2 - Hooking up with a guy who was supplying you with free slushies was borderline prostitution.
3 - In spite of points 1 and 2, you thoroughly enjoyed yourself the night before, and you have absolutely no idea what you were supposed to do about it or what it meant.
These three points continue to loop through your mind on repeat.
You’d been making daily trips to the convenience store since you’d moved in, and you know that after a day or two of not showing up that Jean would be likely to put the pieces together himself.
You know you need to come up with some sort of plan to address the anxiety you feel knotting in the pit of your stomach, but instead you choose to ignore it for a little while longer - resolving to deal with it the next day.
By the time the next day rolls around - which feels all too soon considering you're no closer to coming up with a plan - you pace around your room for a bit as you once again contemplate whether or not to go across the street.
It’s right around the same time that you’d usually show up, and you know Mr. Tompkins is probably already there giving Jean hell.
You should go.
You know you should go.
But you don’t.
Instead you opt to unpack a box of your school papers, setting up your desk. It takes you longer than you expected (certainly not because you were intentionally drawing it out) and by the time you finish, the sky is dark and Sasha has arrived home from work. The two of you decide to watch a movie in the living room, and you force the thought of Jean to the back of your mind again.
But you know you can't keep doing this forever.
It takes you three full days after the party before you finally muster the resolve to drag yourself to the shop across the street.
You stand outside the door to the store for a while, equivocating on whether or not you have the courage to step through it. You’re sure people think you’re up to something weird, hovering around outside the door to the convenience store like a teenager trying to find someone to buy them cigarettes, so you take out your phone and scroll through your email’s junk inbox for a while to make it look like you aren’t just loitering.
You scroll past your fifth email from some Nigerian prince who wants to sell you weight-loss tea when you finally decide against going in for a multitude of reasons - it’s a stupid idea, you’re not ready to face him, you have no idea what you’re even going to say - and so you step back towards the crosswalk to head home, head hanging in defeat.
You pause as the light above you turns green to cross the road, staring at it for a moment but not moving. You know your time to walk is running out, the person on the other side of the road having already made it halfway across the intersection in the time that you’ve been hesitating, and before you can think any better of it you’re spinning on your heel and stomping towards the convenience store again, stepping through the door.
But he’s not there.
The air-conditioning is as cold as you remember it being, only it somehow feels a little bit more frigid and unwelcoming now as your eyes sweep the store. The kindly looking woman behind the counter greets you warmly, though eying you a little warily as you stay firmly planted in the entry-way. You mumble something about forgetting your wallet and duck back out through the door into the heat of the summer evening.
In spite of leaving the convenience store empty handed, you’re carrying something heavy in your chest.
You head back across the street to your apartment, slumping through the door lethargically.
Of the 12 boxes you’d moved in with, you only have one left to unpack - some photos and decorations you’d brought along with you to make your new place feel a bit more like home. You unpack it slowly, taking time to arrange the photos and trinkets in just the right places.
Even in spite of the painstaking care you devote to the task, you soon find the final box emptied.
You sit on your bedroom floor, peering around your new room - full to every corner with pieces of yourself, your friends, and your life. You smile a little to yourself, though still feel suspiciously blue.
After breaking down the final box and adding it to the pile of cardboard recycling you’ll need to take to the garbage the next day, you pause.
What now?
You’ve finally exhausted your primary source of distraction that you’ve been relying on to keep your mind off of things for the past few days.
Well, thing.
You flop atop your bed with a miserable groan, and reach across your sheets to clutch Oscar the Bear to your chest.
“I think I might’ve really gone and done it this time, Osc,” you mutter quietly into the plush fur between his ears.
“I’m home!” A chipper voice suddenly calls out from the other side of your closed door - the muted sound of keys jingling as they’re dropped and shoes being kicked off reaching you shortly after.
You sit straight up in your bed, Oscar tumbling off the edge to the floor, frightened by Sasha’s unexpected arrival.
“Connie and Jean are here too!”
Oh.
Good.
You panic a little, hopping out of bed and pacing the length of your floor as you grapple for what to do. You wring your hands nervously as you try to come up with some sort of plan.
Should you act like you’re not home? No, your shoes are at the door and your keys on the counter - Sasha has to know you’re already there.
Do you pretend to be asleep?
You’re just contemplating feigning slumber when a knock at your door startles you, a little squeak slipping from your lips. You slap your hand over your mouth.
“We’re ordering pizza! Do you want in?” Sasha’s voice calls cheerfully through the door - having seemingly missed your sound of surprise.
You clear your throat a little, trying to keep your voice steady and unsuspicious as you reply: “Yeah, I’ll be out in just a sec!”
You can hear the trio’s voices conversing from the living room as you lean your forehead against your door, mustering every shred of resolve you have to force yourself out into the main area of the apartment. You take a shaky breath, yanking open your door and stepping out.
“Hey!” Sasha says happily when she catches sight of you - she’s in the kitchen rifling through the cupboard where she keeps her snacks. “They’re just going through the menu over there!”
Your eyes turn to the living room where two sets of eyes are waiting to meet your own.
Connie grins, waving enthusiastically. Jean smiles a bit too - though it looks a little pained.
“Come look!” Connie beckons you over, holding up the takeout flyer for a little pizza place down the road from your apartment.
You pad towards the couch, leaning over the back of it to scan over the menu in his hands while the four of you decide amongst yourselves what to order.
It’s a bit awkward between you and Jean, neither of you really acknowledging the other though you can feel his eyes on the side of your face as you read the menu - but it seems that you’re both trying to play it cool and not let on that anything has transpired between the two of you around the other two people in the room.
Once the order is decided upon and called into the restaurant, an argument breaks out over who should be the one to go and pick it up. Connie and Sasha eagerly volunteer, which surprises you until you find out that the nice Italian man who runs the shop always gives them extra breadsticks.
Jean is rather unwilling to let Sasha go to retrieve the order, which turns into a spirited spat.
“She’ll eat half the pizza before she even makes it back!” Jean argues, pointing accusingly at Sasha as he looks at Connie - who has somehow been deemed adjudicator in the matter.
“Will not!” Sasha counters, but no one in the room quite believes her - not even you, and you’ve barely known her for a week.
“If you go, you’re not allowed to eat a single piece of pizza on the walk home,” Jean says warningly, and Sasha gasps in dismay.
“What? How can you expect me to make the whole walk home and not eat any of it?” she defends herself ardently as though he’s asking her to work a miracle, and not make a five minute walk home without eating a slice of pizza. She puts her hands up in a concessional kind of way, tone softening as she tries to strike a compromise. “How about no more than three slices?”
“One,” Jean counters.
“TWO and TWO BREADSTICKS.”
“Fine, but if there isn’t any marinara dipping sauce left by the time you get home again I’m making you walk your ass back and get more,” Jean rolls his eyes as he concedes, though you suspect it’s mainly because the argument has gone on for so long that the pizza will soon be ready to be picked up.
“Deal,” Sasha says happily, grabbing eagerly his hand and shaking it like they’ve sealed a business deal - he rips it from her grasp with a laugh, shoving her by the shoulder.
Sasha and Connie begin pulling on their shoes when you all seem to come to the same realization at the same moment.
“Oh, are you cool hanging out here with Jean?” Sasha asks you, looking up as she slides her foot into her sneaker.
Your heart feels like it’s been dropped off the top floor of the Empire State Building, plummeting down all 102 floors of it towards the asphalt below.
What the hell are you even supposed to say to that? No? How weird would that look?
Your lips part, but no sound comes out.
“This way you guys can get to know each other since you didn’t really get to talk much when you left the party early the other night!” Sasha adds, and it’s so absurd that it’s almost funny.
Almost.
She wasn’t wrong in saying that the two of you didn’t talk much at the party, but it’s precisely because you had been “getting to know each other.”
In the biblical sense of the word.
You simply settle for a nod, forcing a smile that you hope doesn’t look as anxiety ridden as you currently feel. Evidently it doesn’t - either that, or Sasha is so preoccupied with the thought of pizza that she doesn’t care to investigate - because soon her and Connie are slipping out the door with one final wave back and the promise to return soon.
The door swings shut with a gentle thud behind them, leaving you and Jean standing alone in the apartment which suddenly seems much too small for the two of you.
You keep your eyes fixed on the back of the closed door for a moment, your breath stuck painfully in the back of your too-tight throat.
“Do you want a beer?” you ask quietly without looking to him.
“Yeah, that’d be great,” he grunts out a reply and you shuffle towards the kitchen.
You hide with your burning face tucked behind the door of the fridge for far longer than you need to, eventually forcing yourself out again. You feel Jean’s eyes on you as you cross the kitchen to the drawer with the bottle opener - popping the tops off both bottles you’d retrieved from the refrigerator.
You have no choice but to look at him as you hand him his drink.
“Thanks,” he says, warm eyes boring into yours as he reaches for the outstretched beverage.
His long fingers - the very ones that had been consuming far too many of your waking thoughts over the past few days - brush against yours as he takes the cold beer from your hand.
You suppress a shiver.
“Wanna go sit on the balcony?” you ask him quietly, nodding you head towards the other side of the living room. He agrees, and the two of you make your way towards the sliding doors.
“It’s warm out,” Jean remarks idly as the two of you step out into the balmy night.
“Not as bad as it has been, thank god,” you say with a little sigh, taking a long swig from your drink - if for no other reason than to give yourself something to focus on that wasn’t him.
The two of you sit side by side on the concrete ground of the balcony, your knees brushing against his as you sit cross-legged, his own posture mirroring yours.
“You haven’t been in to get your slushie the past few days,” he finally says after a few moments of quiet. “Are you avoiding me?”
You choke a little on the mouthful of beer you’d been in the process of swallowing.
“No,” you reply, too quickly to be sincere. “I was… worried I was cutting into Mr. Tompkins’ argument time.”
“Is that so?” he asks, head tilting. If his tone isn’t enough to tell you he doesn’t believe you, the playful glint in his eye as he pauses with the lip of his bottle poised at his mouth sure is.
You hum a little, focusing your eyes on the convenience store on the other side of the road. You take a moment to appreciate the way that the fluorescent light from inside the shop filters out into the street, washing the pavement just beyond its walls in a soft light and casting shadows into the street as the occasional car drives past.
You have been avoiding him. You both know it.
“I think you might be lying,” he doesn’t hesitate to call you out on the truth, and his forthrightness surprises you a little.
You knew the conversation would end up here eventually, but it didn’t help you feel any more prepared for it.
“You’re right,” you sigh, setting your half-drained bottle down on the ground beside you. You place your hands flat on the ground behind your hips, leaning back against them and letting your head loll against your shoulder to meet his stare. “I finally looked into the nutrition of those things. Turns out drinking 24 fluid ounces of pure sugar every day is pretty bad for you, who knew?”
He only snorts in response, draining the last mouthful of his beer.
You watch as his eyes shift a little, flickering down to your lips as he sets his own emptied bottle aside. Your tongue peeks out to moisten them without thinking, and you watch as his gaze follows the motion.
“What - so now that your air-con is fixed you don’t need me to get your fill anymore?”
He inches closer to you than he had been a moment prior.
“Don’t sound so sad, what we had was special while it lasted,” you muse, though you’re undeniably affected by the dwindling distance between your bodies. “You even put your job on the line for me and everything - you must have cost Big Convenience a whole nine dollars not charging me for those slushies.”
“It was worth it, if you ask me,” he laughs a little as he says it, and he’s so close now that you feel the burst of air hit your parted lips.
“Really?” you ask quietly, still feigning as though you’re not wholly and helplessly tormented by the way you can almost taste the beer he’d just drained on his lips.
“Every penny,” he breathes, eyes scanning your face for just a moment before finally leaning down to press his mouth to yours.
The brush of his lips against yours is hesitant - measured almost - as though he’s not certain if he should be doing it at all. This moment of doubt quickly melts away, like ice on a hot sidewalk - dissolving into a puddle and then evaporating into nothing but raw want.
Your hands reach quickly to grip the material of his t-shirt, pulling him closer. His own hands rest on the ground beside your thighs as he dips down to meet you from his towering height.
You should have known that this is how things would end up.
Though you can’t say you’re disappointed in the slightest.
Jean’s tongue swipes along your lips, which part eagerly at the call - allowing him to steal the breath straight from your lungs.
Your arms reach up to loop around his craning neck, and with an unexpected dexterity he picks you up by the waist, pulling you into his lap to straddle him. Your bare knees scrape uncomfortably against the rough concrete below them, but you hardly notice as his hands find the curve of your ass - large palms moulding to your flesh through the denim of your shorts.
It’s hot, only amplified by the warmth of his body pressing into yours. You feel the slight perspiration at his nape as you curl your fingers through the ends of his hair, tugging gently to pull his head back - separating his lips from yours and earning you a groan that originates somewhere deep in his chest.
The material of your tank top clings to your body as you move your lips across his lightly stubbled jaw - you can taste salt on his skin as your lips brush the column of his throat, but you like it.
He only allows you to run the sharp point of your canine across his pulse once before he’s impatiently catching your mouth with his again - his hands gripping you a little tighter from their position on your ass.
You continue like this for a while - teasing and tasting and seeing which noises you can pull from the other with a graze or a nip or a particularly pointed suck. Eventually you can no longer tell if the beer you can taste in your mouth is from his or from yours - and frankly, you couldn’t care less.
It goes without saying that this can’t continue on forever.
The making out and the… whatever else was going on between the two of you.
You brace your hands on his shoulders, fingertips pressing into the firm muscle you can feel beneath them as if to ground yourself.
You pull away a fraction of a millimeter, his hot breath still breaking across your lips on every exhale.
“For what it’s worth,” you mumble into his mouth, and he pulls away just a little bit more to hear you clearly. “I would still like to get my fill from you every once in a while… if the offer stands.”
His eyes, lidded but attentive, watch you carefully as he processes your words.
“We’re open seven AM to midnight every day,” he teases, tilting his head to bump his nose against yours gently. “You know where to find me.”
You huff, hiding your suddenly flushing face in the equally warm crook of his neck. You draw in a breath that smells like laundry detergent and lemongrass and you wonder idly what kind of soap he uses.
“I wasn’t talking about the slushies,” you mutter after another moment of quiet.
He laughs, a warm breath of air ghosting across the shell of your ear as he leans his head towards you.
“Neither was I.” He presses a fleeting kiss to your temple - barely more than a brush of his lips against your skin, but surprisingly tender.
Your fingers tighten in the material of his t-shirt and you smile.
“So,” Connie draws out the monosyllabic word with a stilted sort of nonchalance as the four of you sit around the coffee table of your apartment’s living room some time later, sharing the pizza that he and Sasha had returned with not long prior. His eyes flicker between you and Jean as he says it, a slice of pizza poised halfway to his mouth. “Do you guys want us to like, pretend we didn’t see you two making out on the balcony while we were walking home, or wha-OW!”
Jean immediately reaches over and smacks Connie on the back of his buzzed head in response to his unfinished question. You can’t help but notice the taller boy’s cheeks have flushed a sweet shade of pink in spite of his annoyance, but he avoids your gaze.
Connie ruffles the side of his head that was just so unceremoniously accosted. “I was just asking because I was trying to have some tact, thanks!”
“Yeah, real tactful,” Sasha snorts from beside you through a mouthful of food.
“Says the girl who almost choked on a breadstick when we saw them swapping spit,” Connie mutters lowly, taking a large, resentful bite of his pizza.
It’s quiet for a moment as you all chew over the food in your mouths and the comment Connie had just made.
You’re the first to giggle - the sound slipping through your lips before you can stop it. You immediately press the piece of paper towel you’re using as a napkin to your mouth in an attempt to cover the sound, but it does little good.
The rest are soon joining in.
This seems to shatter the heaviness that had momentarily settled over the four of you - everyone relaxing a little as the laughter peters out.
You and Jean’s eyes meet as Sasha leans forward to grab another breadstick from the pile on the table in front of you. There’s a rosy hue flooding the apples of his cheeks that you’re certain is just as apparent in your own, his tawny eyes crinkled at the corners in a smile.
You’re not used to this; jumping into something so risky, so impulsive, headlong and without forethought. It’s unlike you - and goes against what you normally stand for: stability, predictability, certainty. But as Connie launches into a terrifying (though almost inspirational) story about how he once watched Sasha devour two entire large pizzas on her own - which the girl beside you makes no effort to refute - you can’t help but feel like things are gonna work out okay even in spite of your complete lack of a plan.
After the pizza is finished and the mess mostly tidied up (AKA moved from the coffee table to the kitchen counter to be dealt with later) the four of your settle in to watch a movie, dimming the lights in the living room as Connie scrolls through whatever streaming service he’d elected to browse for the evening - whose membership you were likely stealing from Niccolo.
“Oh, god. Not a horror movie,” you groan, burying your face in your hands as you see Connie’s attention linger on some terrible looking movie about a little ghost girl that you know will inevitably leave you with nightmares.
“Come on, new roomie! It’s not that bad! I’ve seen this one a million times,” Connie says with a laugh, hitting play - and you have no choice but to go along with it.
Connie is seated on the floor - propped up on a bunch of throw pillows and blankets he’d dragged off of the sofa to burrow into. Sasha was seated in the armchair just behind him, having already moved on to her second course of the evening: the largest bag of gummy bears you’d ever seen in your life. Jean on the other hand was seated at the opposite end of the sofa from yourself, an entire cushion’s length between you.
Unspokenly you seem to have agreed to maintain a safe distance - things are still new, after all.
As the movie plays you relax into your seat a little, though you do keep a pillow clutched to your chest should you need a place to burrow your face and hide from whatever frightening scene lights up the screen.
Throughout to film, you draw 
  your legs up into your seat with you, though eventually you find them stretching out towards the other end of the sofa and the boy who’s seated there - never close enough to touch, but nearer than they had been when the movie started.
During a particularly scary scene, you jump in your seat - even Sasha squawks from her own seat across the room, and Connie laughs maniacally as a result. Your face is burrowed into the pillow in your lap, your cheeks burning and your pulse pounding in your ears.
But it’s not because of the movie.
It’s because suddenly there’s a warm hand settled on your thigh.
You pull your face slowly out from the pillow, your eyes flickering over to see Jean smirking. His eyes are still glued to the TV, but his hand is undeniably resting just above your knee, his thumb idly sweeping across the smooth skin beneath it.
You go to push him off in annoyance, thinking he’s making fun of you for being such a baby when it comes to horror movies - but before you can do so, his hand grabs hold of yours and twines your fingers together.
He shyly looks at you from the corner of his eye, almost as if to ask if it’s ok.
You purse your lips, turning your own attention back to the movie in front of you, but you’re undeniably trying to fight off a smile.
An even scarier scene comes on not long after Jean took your hand, and you’ve got his fingers in a veritable vice grip as the eerie music plays - tension building for what you’re sure is about to be an even worse fright than the last. Even Connie is hiding behind Sasha’s legs - who’s shielding her own face with a slice of leftover pizza.
Suddenly there’s a loud thunk, and a garbled hissing noise.
Then complete silence.
A girl on the screen in front of you screams - high pitched and shrill - but none of you are paying much attention to the movie anymore.
Slowly, everyone’s eyes turn up towards the air-conditioning unit overhead.
It had stopped.
“Oh you have got to be kidding me.”

The goodbyes to Gran Torino and Tsukauchi were tense, Shouta was radiating hatred and discomfort by each inch of his body, and Hizashi was sure to cut the conversation short before someone said something they might regret later.
He wanted to ask Shouta if he would rather come back to the teacher’s dorm, because he didn’t think the other was in a prime disposition to teach, but the moment the black haired hero sat down and put his seatbelt on, he requested, more than snarled at Hizashi, without even sparing a stare to his direction, to hurry  the fuck up to U.A. already, because they missed enough classes.
Hizashi sighed, ready to say something, but he bit his lip as he started to drive.
The last hour of his life had to be the most intense and surreal experience he had to live yet, and as a pro-hero, he had lived quite an amount of unpleasant and intense scenarios.
But nothing could top this.
Shirakumo.
 Oboro.
 Alive, or something akin to that, wrapped in that foggy villain. Their friend, the third part of the ‘ Three Dumbingos of Class A.’  
What a fucking reunion.
Hizashi cursed under his breath, and he gripped the steering wheel so hard he was aware he could break it in half just by the force of his fingers alone.

Next to him, Shouta had gone so quiet Hizashi couldn’t even tell if he was breathing, but he was burying his face into his hand again, his eyes closed, probably resting them after pushing them so harshly.
This had happened before, it wasn’t anything new that could handle, nothing that he hadn’t lived before.
Hizashi liked to remind himself.
Shouta would shut down, heavily, after he was encountered with something that made him hurt, upset or emotional, as if moving himself further away from everyone else would make his turmoil easy. It had worked, for years, but also during all those years, he had Hizashi, and occasionally Kayama and Iida, making sure he never strayed far enough to become out of reach.
The last time Shouta did that, pushing everyone outside of his life until he became a shell of a man, was right after the death of Shirakumo. Hizashi had to witness with deep grief how his friend not only slipped away from him in every passing day, but also how he was withering away by overworking, blaming himself and not sleeping, in a never ending cycle of self-hatred, sadness and remorse.
Nothing Hizashi did seemed to work. Shouta would make up excuses for the several invitations of plans, he would refuse to speak to Hizashi no matter how many times the blonde asked him, and only ate the food he brought him when he was on the brink of exhaustion.
The hardest part was to see Shouta leave like he did the day of their graduation. Hizashi understood, of course he did, knowing that the sorrow was seeping into Shouta’s bones in a way, in a depth, that none of them could grasp to understand. But that didn’t mean it didn’t hurt less, it crushed him, making him almost unable to celebrate, to be glad of his own success knowing his best friend, the person he knew was going to be a constant companion in his hero career disappeared like he did.
Of course, several years had passed after that. And if Yamada Hizashi had a virtue, even if Aizawa Shouta would call it a curse, was that he was  very  persistent. He made sure to check on the other as much as he could, even if he black haired hero took  days  to reply to a simple  ‘Yo! Shouta!’  with a dry  ‘what’.
But he always replied, he always did.
Eventually, Shouta accepted Kayama’s request and joined U.A. at the same time Hizashi started to teach there, and it was easy to keep tabs on him if they were in the same building for a significant amount of their time.
Sometimes, in the wee hours of the morning when Hizashi returned home from his radio program, he mulled over the idea that their relationship was not the same. That it would never be the same. Shirakumo’s death left an imprint on Shouta that was never going to heal, leaving the other wrapped in a constant melancholic and heavy feeling, and always like he was a step forward, or a step away, from everyone around him.
To be fair, Hizashi was not the same either. Losing Shirakumo shifted something in the two of them that never got straight again, not even fifteen years after his death.

While waiting in a red light, Shouta sighed shakily and his head rolled to the front, his face deeply buried into both of his hands. Looking at him through the rearview mirror, Hizashi felt a tug in his chest, and hurried to move his hand to Shouta’s shoulder, even if he didn’t know how reassuring it was, because his whole arm, his entire body, was shivering, and his grip couldn’t be as strong as he wished it to be.
He expected Shouta to brush his hand away, to bite some harsh words at him for invading his space, claiming that he didn’t need coddling, that he wasn’t a child. But all Hizashi heard was a muffled sob. The pain in his chest deepened.
If Hizashi was completely honest, the last time he had Shouta cry in public like he did earlier, was the day of Shirakumo’s death, screams ripping his throat, the tears mixing with the blood of his injury. He never cried like that again, even during the days that followed. His tears seemed as neverending as his grief but he stopped being an expressive crier. It seemed like Hizashi took the baton, because during the funeral, he cried as if he wanted the whole world to see, to hear, to  feel  his sadness. Shouta cried in silence, quiet as a mouse, with the tears falling from his eyes like a downpour.
In fact, not even when Shouta hurt himself, in the ways  Shouta hurt himself , always life threatening, scar worthy kind of wounds, Shouta would never cry out.
So Hizashi couldn’t help to be surprised at the display Shouta showed in the prison before. It was, for him, just a confirmation on how deep the wound ran. How it reopened again, maybe even deeper and bigger than before, twisting Shouta’s insides, memories.
He didn’t want Shouta to go back to that place again, out of reach.

When Hizashi’s sports car reached the U.A.'s grounds, and he parked in front of the teacher’s dorm, Shouta wasn’t even aware. He kept crying, his breathing heaving, his face buried deeply into his hands.
“Shouta.” Hizashi tried, but next to him, the black haired didn’t even stir. He waited for a few seconds, but with the other unresponsive, he quickly moved to plan B. Undoing his seat belt first, and then his speaker, leaving it in one of the back seats as he shifted so he was facing him. “Shouta, I’m going to get closer, and then I am going to touch you, okay?” He waited for one second, then three and then five, and after ten, he just closed their distance, as awkwardly as it was inside his car, one of his arms circling around Shouta’s waist, his other hands burying into the messy locks of his hair, pushing him into a hug.
The crying didn’t stop, neither did the heaving, Hizashi could almost feel Shouta’s ribs against his jacket with each panicked breath. He took his time, his voice impossibly soft, trying to remember all the things that used to work when Shouta was like this.
It was often, in their high school years, particularly during their first year together. Shouta would overthink  anything  , even the littlest thing, and his mind would send his body in a panic mood, shutting him down, leaving him in a mess of tears and hyperventilation. Shirakumo was good at handling Shouta in what Hizashi liked to call his  emo moods , but he seemed to freeze when Shouta had his panic attacks. So Hizashi made a bow to learn about them and help him through them.
It had been a while since the last time he was in this exact position, with Shouta in his arms, shivering, panicking, and crying. Shouta felt sturdy and strong in his embrace, nothing like the tiny, scrawny lad that he used to be.
But then, it was over as soon as it started, and Shouta gasped suddenly horrified at what he perceived as a lack of control, pushing Hizashi’s chest so hard that he almost hit his head with the window. “What the fuck is that about, Shouta?”
“I’m leaving.” The black haired muttered, hurrying to undo his seatbelt, the tips of his fingers shivering in the aftermath of his panic.
“No you’re fucking not.” Hizashi growled, his voice higher than it was seconds before, but still nothing close to how it was when his quirk was activated.
“Yamada, leave me the fuck alone.” Shouta muttered again, finally liberating himself from the seatbelt and hurrying to get the door handle, thankfully, Hizashi had remembered to keep those closed.
Of course, it was  Yamada  when Shouta had felt like he had been too vulnerable, too exposed for too long, once again trying to find the balance he had lost in increasing the distance between him and everyone else, instead of leaning into a friendly, and helping hand.
“No, Shouta. Not this time. Not fucking again.” He grabbed Shouta’s wrist in an iron grip, tugging him closer to him. “I know you’re upset, and this is fucked up and I am sorry.” But I am hurt too. He wanted to say, the words burning into his throat. He was my friend too. And he could feel the tears burning in the corner of his eyes, and he was sure Shouta could see them too, even through his tinted glasses. “But you’re not going to shrivel and run away and disappear like you did fifteen years ago, okay? Not this fucking time, we fucking sort this out together.”
In front of him, Shouta was speechless, his eyes uncharacteristically wide, staring deeply into Hizashi’s green eyes. He flushed then, feeling embarrassed but also exposed, knowing that Hizashi was preventing him from hurting himself again, from going into a self-destruction spiral again, but the wounds were definitely reopened, and it hurt even to breathe through them.
After staring at each other for several seconds more, Hizashi  knew  that Shouta wasn’t going to try to run away, so he let go of his wrist, his hand falling limp next to his.
“I wish…” Shouta started, stopping himself to take a shivering breath, the tears already falling from his eyes again. “It was much better to think that he was dead.” He explained, and the despair was evident in his voice, that it triggered Hizashi’s own tears.
Hizashi opened his mouth to speak, but Shouta continued after a dark chuckle. “A fucking villain… They turned him into…” His eyebrows frowned together, and the tears rolled down his checks to his chin, falling into his hero costume. Hizashi’s hand moved on top of Shouta’s ones, squeezing it tightly. “It was supposed to be the three of us against the world. Forever. In a shite place with low windows, with you driving me bloody insane with your loud 80s pop songs while having to make sure Oboro didn’t accept any single hero request that reached us.” That made Hizashi chuckle this time, but tears were slowly rolling down shiny leather fabric. “I would have stayed there, in the background, watching you two reach the top of the pro heroes chart. Present Mic and Loud Cloud, along that shabby underground hero Eraserhead bloke.”
That was the worst part, wasn’t it. The  what ifs . The things left unsaid, the plans never made, the conversations never held, the love never shared. Losing Shirakumo as abruptly as they did carved a breach into the two of them that they tried to fill, during all these years with severe variability of results. Knowing that things were never going to be the same, but carrying out, as best as they could, with their childhood dream. They became heroes, didn’t they. Just not in the way they wanted, they expected. That fact alone was going to be a burden that the two of them would have to carry forever. Find out that the three member of their teenage friendship trio turned into a villain was just adding an extra weight to an already heavy emotional baggage. And it was a lot to take in.
The silence fell on them like a heavy snowstorm in winter, covering everything inside Hizashi’s car, making time idle for several moments.
Shouta’s hand shifted in Hizashi’s grip, entwining their fingers together. Shouta’s calloused and scarred fingers sent a wave of comfort down his spine that he didn’t know he needed, but that he basked onto. “You weren’t that shabby before.” He finally said, in a whisper, wiggling their fingers together. “You were rather adorable, if you ask me.” Hizashi remarked, and it made Shouta laugh. A small victory.
“You’re fucking insufferable.” Shouta said with a grunt, but there was a ghost of a smile in his lips. The tears hadn’t stopped, but the heavy atmosphere was better, as if someone had opened a window in a room that had been locked up for too long.
“Shouta! I’m a delight!” Hizashi’s volume increased, not quite yet into  Present Mic levels, but loud enough to make Shouta’s tongue click and frown, making the smirk in the blonde’s face deepen.
As uncomfortable as it was, they stayed in the car for some time after. Hizashi managed to convince Shouta to call it a day, at least for classes, and the two of them redacted a simple message to Nedzu explaining that although they were back, they had to sort through some work that would make them unable to come back to teach during the day.
They talked some more, they cried some more, but most of the time, they just sat there, with their hands interlocked, wrapped in the type of silence you share with someone who knew too deeply about you, who knew that sometimes words were the last thing you needed.

When finally they made their way into the teacher’s dorm, calling it a day, Hizashi didn’t miss how tightly Shouta was holding onto his goggles while he disappeared inside of his room.
Emily &amp; Lourdes
Howard had graduated from Richmond Highschool roughly a month ago. And he figured his interactions with people from the school were likely over. He’d applied to college in another state and hadn’t seen or heard of anyone going to the same school as him.
Yet, here he was, on a normal day. Trying to buy groceries from the local store for the week. When he saw two people, he hadn’t talked to in over 4 months since everything had gone crazy. Sure, he had online classes with them, but he still didn’t talk to the two girls.
Emily and Lourdes were two sisters who’d gone to school with Howard since 6th grade when he’d moved. They were both rather shy, and somewhat nerdy. Emily wore glasses and often kept her hair in a ponytail. Whereas Lourdes had frizzy hair and had no need for glasses.
The two had waved to him when he walked in, and he’d done the same. Now with most of the weekly groceries purchased he made his way to the front check out. Not expecting much other than a small catch up with the two he chose Lourdes’s line.
A elderly lady in front of him offered a small smile as she checked out her small amount of groceries. And once she was done, Howard made his way to the checkout section where Lourdes was scanning his groceries.
“Hey, it’s been a while, hasn’t it?” He greeted, and she gave a small laugh towards him, nodding as she did so. “Yea, we haven’t seen each other since graduation.” He nodded back to her and gave a small smile.
“Yea, it’s been weird with everyone going off on their own. I haven’t seen anyone from school since graduation. I’ve been a bit of a recluse I guess?” She once again laughed at him and nodded, “We’ve been the same, of course I’ve seen a few people come in here but not many.”
“Oh, I imagine you’ve seen a few people, must be a little nice though?” She nodded; it had been rather nice to keep in touch with peers, but she’d missed him a bit. Mainly from times when they had the same bus route and were able to talk on their way home.
“Hey, I was wondering if you’d be willing to take a step back into the break room for a few minutes? Me and Emily have got something to give you. We totally forgot to give this too you before school ended.” He nodded, Emily and Lourdes had handed out a small basket of gifts and treats to friends after graduation. Similar to that of a going away gift, it’d been nice.
Howard had unfortunately left before receiving his, he figured the they’d forgotten about if and just thrown it away. Lourdes walked over to Emily and told her to come with her, the stores manger looking over at the two and nodding. Understanding that they’d been unbusy and that now was a good time to take a break.
The rather busty woman took over for Lourdes and Emily. They both walked over to Howard and pulled him away towards the break room that was at the front right of the store. As he walked behind him, his mind wondered. Thinking of all the times he’d thought about asking one of them out.
They both seemed too popular or too focused at the time to ever consider having a relationship with either of them. Soon, the three were in the small breakroom, Emily locking the door behind her as she entered last.
Howard looked at the two quizzingly and wondered what was going on. They both smiled and Emily nodded for Lourdes to continue? He wasn’t sure what she gestured for, but he assumed they’d planned something.
“So, me and Emily have been talking about a lot lately. Mainly how we never had any real relationships during high school.  And we’re still not looking for ones now but, we-we’ve wanted to lose our virginity for a while.” The girl looked down, trying to hide her blush that was forming.
“And we thought that since you're here-that’d it be a chance to do so?” She asked, rushing the last part, afraid of what he’d say to the two of them. It was such a weird question that they worried he’d flat out refuse either of them.
“What? Um-um, sure? If both of you want to… I’ve never had any real relationship either and while I’d like to have one. I can’t refuse you two either.” They all nodded in agreement and looked at one another. It was going to be weird, at least at the start it was going to be weird.
The three looks at one another for a few moments deciding what is best. Howard soon speaks up and looks at the two, finding that he would likely have to take the lead for the two quiet girls. “Why don’t we strip first?” He suggests, and the two-nod finding the course of action to be reasonable.
Emily is the first to do so, she’s roughly 5.3 with dirty blonde hair, brown eyes and a rather chubby face. Her tits are an average C size and she’s rather pudgy. Lourdes on the other hand is roughly 5.5 with similar dirty blonde hair, brown eyes, larger C cup almost D cup breast, and somewhat similar frame.
Neither are overly fit, but they aren’t ugly or overweight by any means.
The two striped off their uniforms, leaving each other in only their underwear which consist of plain looking colorful bras and panties. They’re both mismatching. Emily’s has on a pair of black panties and a teal bra where Lourdes has on a white bra and pink panties. Howard on the other hand just stands in a pair of black boxers.
He’s roughly 6.4 with blue eyes, and is also fairly chubby, however, he is rather muscular for his size, and weighs roughly 250 pounds. His cock stands inside of his pants, as he looks at the two girls. Never, had he expected to be in their situation.
Howard walks over to Lourdes first, laying his hands on her waist, he smiles and nods to her. “May I take this off?” He asked, and she nodded to him, a small smile gracing her face as well. “You may.” She says rather seductively.
Howards hand slowly moved upwards to the cotton bra that she had on, pulling at the front clasp easily. Soon it falls to the ground, revealing to the room her breast, they have large pink nipples and are a pale white. Howard’s hand moves over to her breast, feeling her left one and then her right one. She moans slightly as he does so. Finding the touch to be unfamiliar to her.
Howard smiles slightly at having made her moan in pleasure. Soon though he turns to Emily and smiles at her. “May I take yours off as well?” He asked, and soon she nodded, agreeing that she’d like for him to see hers as well.
His hand moves over towards her black bra and his arms reach around to undo the back strap. Finding it somewhat more difficult, Howard takes a few more seconds than originally intended to remove her bra. The soft cotton bra soon falls to the ground revealing her smaller C cup breast to the room. They’re slightly more tanned and have smaller darker nipples. Howard smiles slightly as his hands move to caress them as well.
Howards hands take her left and right in his hands and he diligently plays with them, feeling each as he looks for Emily’s reaction. Her face contorts as he rubs her nipples and then his left hand leaves her breast. Moving over to take Lourdes’s right into her hand, gaining a moan from both of them as they look at one another.
Soon his mouth moves to take in Emily's left breast, and slowly he sucks on the small brown colored nipple, gaining a larger moan from the girl. “Yes! ~” She nearly yells as he sucks harder on her exposed nipple, once she calms down, he moves over, and begins to suck on Lourdes’s right boob as he moves his hands to her left and Emily’s own left. He sucks on her boob as well gaining a smaller moan from the curly haired girl as well.
Both of their hands soon begin to travel downwards. Wanting to go further with the brunette in front of them. He soon stops, understanding that they want to move onward. “You two sure about this?” They both nod and he lets go a small sigh accepting what is about to happen.
They’re hands land on his waist and slowly pull down his boxers revealing his hard 6-inch shaft. They both smile at one another as Lourdes moves first, wrapping her hand around his shaft and moving it slightly. “Ohh” He moans slightly as Emily moves to his balls, fondling them gently.
“Wanna do this together?” Lourdes asks as she looks to her sister’s brown eyes. She nodded, and the two moved to sit either side of the chair Howard was sitting in. Their chests were at crotch level with him.
Lourdes is the first to move her head, taking his length into her mouth slowly, her tongue licks at his shaft, coating it in her warm saliva. Emily’s hand gripping his hardened length, observing the shaft. It had a good bit of girth to it, and was warm? She’d never expected it to feel so warm and hard. Her mind raced with excitement as she looked it over.
Lourdes’s mouth encompassed the tip, sliding further downward. It tasted salt and filled her mouth more than she thought it would. Part of it tickled the back of her throat as she took in a solid four/four and a half inch of rod.
Emily, finding that her hand was no longer able to be on his cock, moves downward, her face stuffed between his crotch and Lourdes’s head. Lourdes is above her working on Howard’s cock and Emily moves to the front of the chair.
She moves her mouth closer and licks his right testiculs He moans loudly as she does so, and then she takes them both into her mouth. Noting the weird salty taste, she gets to work. Toying with and coating each ball with salvia. Making sure they were both well taken care of.
Lourdes’s mouth was wet, and warm, comforting yet exotic. “That feels amazing.” He breathed out, too drunk on hormones to care. She smiled inwardly as she began to move back and forth. The sensation lighting his mind on fire. The wetness of it all intoxicating and the way her mouth contracted on it felt amazing. Her lips were very soft against his flesh.
Her head began to bob up and down for a few seconds. Coating the shaft in saliva as she looked up at him. His blues once again met her brown’s begging her to continue. “Please, you both feel so good.” He begged, and they continued. Lourdes’s bobbing her head up and down, and Emily toying with his hefty balls.
“Could you-Could you two maybe give me a tit job? I’d-I’d really like that…” They both looked at one another, taking it into thought for a moment, taking in the words he’d said. Trying to decide if they wanted to do that and they kinda did. They wanted to pleasure him in any way they could. “Yea, su-sure.” “Why not?” They both shrugged and Emily moved back to the other side of the chair.
With both their chest adjacent to him, cupping his shaft with their C cup breast. The sensation from it was very different from his or even their hands and mouths. They were soft, all-encompassing almost. Taking in all 6 inches of his length as they began to rub up and down his length.
“Wow.” He murmured, enjoying the sensation, having their tits around him shot new levels of pleasure through him, and then Emily’s mouth fell onto his dick, and more pleasure washed over him.
“I can’t- I’m gonna!” He yelled out rather quietly, trying to hold back for her sake. He couldn’t do so though; they were too much for him to bear and they felt it rush onto their tits. It was liquidly yet, rather thick as well, almost unpleasant to a point.
“Hhha… I'm so sorry.” He said, feeling bad for having coated both of them with his cum. Emily's breast and face both had large amounts of cum on them and Lourdes’s tits were no better. However, they both smiled at one another and moved closer, kissing and licking the cum off of one another. Gaining moans from each other.
Emily and Lourdes moved to each other's tits. Sucking on them as they did so, and Howard couldn’t believe the sight, his dick once again hardening at the view. “Ohh” One moaned as the other asked for “More!.”
Howard’s hands moved to both of their waist, wanting to continue with them as they slowly pulled back from one another with blushing cheeks. “Can you two take off-take off your panties?” They both nodded to him and stood up.
Leaning against the wall with their ass’s spread for him they pulled down their panties. Revealing both of their sacred holes to him. Emily had small lips and a very small anus. However, her clit was more pronounced. Whereas Lourdes had fairly large lips that had caused a camel toe in her panties. Her butt was bigger than Emily’s though and her clit was somewhat smaller.
“Can I-Do you mind if I eat both of you out?” He looked up to them, pleading almost to be allowed to do so. And they both nodded, they wanted him to do that, and begged for it to happen to any god that would listen.
“Please” Emily asked first, and she was rewarded. He moved closer, peppering kisses as he went up. Nibbling the sides of her thighs as he made his way to his prize. Finally, as she let out a small yelp he pushed his tongue forward.
Pressing it against her folds, and taking in her scent, and taste. It was sweet yet somewhat tangy. It was wonderful…
His tongue moved slowly, methodically as he lapped at her juices. Taking in her taste, and the feel for how she reacted. Her breath hitched as he ran over her clit. And then his eyes met her and she melted. She’d never been able to give herself so much pleasure.
Lourdes soon moved over to the two, insisting that Howard lean on the floor as she moved to sit in his lap. Emily’s pussy continued to be eaten as Lourdes moved to kiss her. Wanting to enjoy her sister as much as he was.
“Do you mind if I go a little harder?” He asked, in between breaths, feeling her pussy squeeze his lips with pleasure was sending him even further into lust. “YES.” She roughly yelped out as he continued to slowly lick at her entrance. His right hand came up to assist as his left continued to steady the girl who lay against the hard concrete. Finally, he stopped playing with her, stopped holding back and testing the waters.
Howard pushed his tongue out further, roughly 4 inches in length and pushed upwards into her vagina as his thumb played and rubbed her clit. Sending the girl into a yelp as more pleasure washed over her. “What! What did you do, where did you learn that!” She yelled as he lapped at her juices and sucked as best, he could.
“Hmm mph!” he replied, too far pushed into her to make any real response. He swirled around her pussy, licking everything he could. Finally, as his tongue pushed even further into her, Aubrey cam, cam harder than she thought possible. “YES, YES, please don’t stop… I’m cumming!” She yelled out as her body convulsed around his tongue.
She slumped against the cinder block wall breathing heavily as she continued to ride out her orgasm. Pushing more and more liquid to her vaginal. Asking to be filled.
“That was-that was great Emily.” She blushed greatly, moving off of his face as she stopped kissing her sister. Lourdes moved to where Emily had been sitting on his face, and Emily moved back to his shaft. Sucking on it lightly as Lourdes sat down.
Pressing his tongue against her folds, and taking in her scent, and taste. It was sweet yet somewhat tangy. It was wonderful…
His tongue moved slowly, methodically as he lapped at her juices. Taking in her taste, and the feel for how she reacted. Her breath hitched as he ran over her clit. And then his eyes met her and she melted. She’d never been able to give herself so much pleasure.
“You’re beautiful.” He breathed out as he pulled back from her pussy. She blushed, having never had anyone look at her down there, she couldn’t help but blush at the praise coming from him. “Thanks.” She murmured back, he continued to look on, studying her for a few more seconds before he once again spoke.
“Can I lick your-Can I lick your butthole?” He asked, shy of the repercussions of his words, he instinctually looked down, away from her body. However, she responded quietly, wanting him to go forward with her. “Please, I want you to lick me down there. I’ve always liked the thought of being fucked there.” He nodded to himself and ever so slowly his lips lowered down from her pussy, past her plump lips and towards her anus.
Emily was shocked to hear such a thing from her sister, but admittedly was rather turned on by the thought of watching him drill into her other hole. She began to lick and suck harder on his cock, wanting him to fuck her and her sister so, so badly.
His lips came to rest on her hole, toying with it ever so gently. She gasped at the contact, never having touched the hole.
“You're wetter?” He asked, noticing the wetness that’d begun to flow from her pussy.
“Yea… I’m really horny right now.” She giggled at herself, trying to lighten the mood as best she could. He only hummed in acknowledgement as he continued to lick her, feeling her folds as he went. Her clit was small, and round. But from the moan she’d given a few seconds ago, it seemed rather easy to excite.
His left hand soon moved away from her right thigh where it’d been resting, steadying her in case she jolted back from pleasure. It slowly made its way down to her lips. Playing with them as well, pushing lightly as if to ask for permission to enter.
She was so hot, her body felt like it was on fire just from him touching her pussy. “Ahh” she moaned as he touched her clit. Then Howard moved his right hand, her mind racing as she could only think. ‘Is he going to-’ She was cut short by his index finger.
He pressed his index against her butt hole, it was far too tight for her to take him in its current state, but he hoped she would let him… It was likely only a hope, a dream but he wanted to have her ready if she did want that.
His face finally moved back to nether regions, he could smell her want, her need for him. She moaned more so than before, gaining a wild gasp from the girl as he licked her.
Licking further in, pressing against it more so. She moaned harder this time, “OHH’.
She half yelled to him, he smiled inwardly as he continued to lick her somewhat sweaty hole. She puckered as he continued to lick, and her body moved on its own. Pressing against him and moving towards him. Trying to get him deeper into it.
He continued to eat her out, noticing how much it contracted on his tongue and how her pussy continued to push harder onto his right hand that had been rubbing her clit as well. “More, please, more.” She begged for him to continue but as she thrusted into him with greater want. His tongue began to wonder, moving downwards towards her butt.
His tongue moved across it quickly, and she moaned once more, not expecting him to pay attention to it again. He’d been so focused on his pussy that she forgot he might play with her other sacred area.
His tongue dug in at least two inches, lapping at her anus and circling around her tight folds. His right hand raised to pleasure her clit, while his left continued to coax her anus into letting his index enter further.
Finally, as he pressed his tongue as far as it could into her, she moaned harder than ever before. “I’m-I’m cumming!” She lightly yelled to him as her pussy convulsed on his right hand, and water ran from her pussy, coating itself in preparation.
They’re breaths were heavy, and Loudres’s body was lightly thrashing as it continued to feel wave after wave of orgasm. But soon they all recouped, taking time to catch their breaths, and him cleaned up, wiping off his mouth.
“Do you have a condom?” Emily asked suddenly, needing him now, but not without protection, she wasn’t ready....
“Yea, it’s in my wallet.” He reached down to his jeans and pulled open the trifold leather wallet and pulled out a small white plastic object. Tearing it open, revealed a round brown colored circular object.
With his shaft at full mast as it stood only inches away from Emily’s sacred flower. Her eyes darted between it and him, between the look on his face and the thing that would connect them. And, she knew she wanted him, knew he was the one who could have her.
“Alright, I’m gonna stick it in if that's okay?” She nodded, and slowly moved her hand downward, positioning her hand on his dick as she guided him in. The two stood, her back against the wall and him leaning against her slightly.
Slowly his length began to sink in, her face contorted slightly, adjusting to the new presences as it moved closer inwards. Pushing her flesh apart little by little. She was being filled, filled for the first time. She’d never taken anything bigger than her two fingers and his meat was far bigger than they were.
“Are you okay, you’re not hurt are you?” She shook her head, she was okay, he was only 3 inches in and there was so much more to go. Lourdes stood close behind Howard, her hands drifting to her won pussy once again, waiting to be filled. “Come on fuck her” She whispered to him, wanting her turn to come so badly.
He once again resumed pushing in, and he hit a burrier about 4 inches in. He could feel it, just slightly, frill yet, the look on her face told him otherwise. “Are you sure, are you ready?” She nodded, whole heartedly, she wanted him.
And so, he pushed in, breaking her sacred flower. Taking her virginity was worrisome for him, he expected blood like what health class had said… Like if she was on her period or something. Yet, that didn’t happen. Only a small bit trickled down and her face only slightly contoured.
“I’m alright, just give me a second.” She’d seen the look in his eyes, worried if she had to guess.
“O-okay.” And so, he gave her time to adjust to his length, and she eventually gave a nod as he looked at her.
Howard began to push further in, gripping onto her hips for leverage as she fully sheathed him. Taking all of his length the two let out a sigh.
“Can I move?” He asked, wanting to make sure she’d be okay. “Yea, please do,” He began, small slight strokes taking only a few inches in and out of her, feeling her squeeze him for the first time. The way she was so, so warm around him. How his shaft slid effortlessly against her. And the way she breathed against him as he moved slowly against her.
“You can go faster.” she breathed out, trying to control what little she had, wanting more than anything to feel all of him come in and out of her.
He picked up the pace, moving in and out quickly, taking all of his shaft out and then quickly thrusting back inside. She felt amazing, she gripped tightly around him as he continued to make love to her.
She gasped as he first began to truly move. “Yes! Please, more. Just like that, just like that!” She whimpered into his ear. “You’re doing great Emily, please just cum for me baby.” She nodded, her curls flopping against her frame as she did so. Her C cup breast bouncing as he’d connected with her pussy. Clenching down as he made contact, she couldn’t help herself as she grasped for his shoulders. Hoping to pull him even closer to her.
“You feel so good baby, I love how wet you are, and your breast they’re so, so beautiful. Please, kiss me, let me feel your lips baby.” She nodded, she wanted to feel his tongue forcing its way into her mouth, feel him take control and to make her feel like she was his.
“I’m gonna pick you up baby alright.” She let go a small whimper. “Yes, please, pick me up and fuck me so good. Let me feel everything.” He did just as she asked and pulled her up into his lap, slamming her down onto his dick with every bounce. Her pussy on the verge of convulsion as he slammed harder into her. Her ass filled his hands as he kissed her, sucking on her luscious lips for all he could.
“I’m gonna cum, Emily, baby, I can’t hold it anymore. Cum with me, I can feel you, your pussys getting close. Cum for me baby.” She nodded, her eyes watering as she hung tighter to him. She wanted to cum, she wanted to feel him and cum so, so bady.
“I’m cumming, Howard I’m cumming.” Her pussy squeezed him so unbelievable tightly, clamping down, trying to force out as much seed as possible. And he came, came harder than he ever had before.
Lourdes’s own breath caught in her throat as she watched the two reach orgasm, and mind going numb by the sight and her pussy coating itself even more as he came deep inside her sister. She wanted him to do the same to her, wanted him to fuck her so, so good.
She slumped against the cinder block wall breathing heavily as she continued to ride out her orgasm. Pushing more and more liquid to her vaginal. Asking to be filled.
“Please, I need you, I need you so, so bad.” She breathed out, begging him to please take her, make her a woman. Be with her.
Howards, dick was hard, harder than it's ever been and just hearing her say that… That she wanted him, wanted him alone to be with her. He complied and grabbed his wallet off the floor. “I’ve got another condom.” She nodded, thankful that he’d been prepared. She’d never meant for it to go this far, but she wanted now, more than ever.
“Be careful with me, alright?” He nodded, he would, he’d do anything for her.
“I will, I promise.” She nodded, and he tore open the small packet. Pulling the plastic ring out, he sighed, and began to slip it over his dick.  Lourdes moved over to the small table and sat on top of it, her legs being held back by her hands as she was presented to him.
Howard pulled back, and slid his dick down near her entrance, looking at her for guidance. She nodded one final time and he pushed forward. Slowly his length began to sink in, her face contorted slightly, adjusting to the new presences as it moved closer inwards. Pushing her flesh apart little by little. She was being filled, filled for the first time. She’d never taken anything bigger than her two fingers and his meat was far bigger than they were.
“Are you okay, you’re not hurt, are you?” She shook her head, she was okay, he was only 2.5 inches in and there was so much more to go.
slightly, frill yet, the look on her face told him otherwise. “Are you sure, are you ready?” She nodded, whole heartedly, she wanted him. Emily watched on from one of the chairs, rubbing her clit as he entered her sister. Cum leaked from her well fucked pussy, but she wanted to cum again after seeing what she’d already been through.
And so, he pushed in, breaking her scared flower. Taking her virginity was worrisome for him, he expected blood like before. Yet, that didn’t happen.
“I’m alright, just give me a second.” She’d seen the look in his eyes, worried if she had to guess.
“O-okay.” And so, he gave her time to adjust to his length, and she eventually gave a nod as he looked at her.
Howard began to push further in, gripping onto her hips for leverage as she fully sheathed him. Taking all of his length the two let out a sigh.
“Can I move?” He asked, wanting to make sure she’d be okay. “Yea, please do,” He began, small slight strokes taking only a few inches in and out of her, feeling her squeeze him for the first time. The way she was so, so warm around him. How his shaft slid effortly against her. And the way she breathed against him as he moved slowly against her.
“More.” She moaned as he slowly moved in and out, the feeling, texture, and heat that radiated from him brought out her deepest desires. And she brought out his, the wetness, and constant squeezing made it hard not to just let go.
He sped up, pushing harder into her and she moaned as he did so. Hitting her deepest parts and then pulling back out quickly only to ram her once again.
He gasped as he first began to truly move. “Yes! More. Just like that, just like that!” She whimpered into his ear. Her bangs flopping against her frame as she did so. Her large C cup breast bouncing as he’d connected with her pussy. Clenching down as he made contact she couldn’t help herself as she grasped for his shoulders. Hoping to pull him even closer to her.
“You feel so good Lourdes, I love how wet you are, and your breasts, they’re so, so beautiful. Please, kiss me, let me feel your lips, two baby.” She nodded, she wanted to feel his tongue forcing its way into her mouth, feel him take control and to make her feel like she was his.
“Can we change position?” He asked, wanting to feel her in a new way, she nodded, wanting to experience more with him. She nodded, wanting to feel something new, something greater with him.
“I’m gonna pick you up baby alright.” She let go a small whimper. “Yes, please, pick me up and fuck me so good. Let me feel everything that Emily felt.” He did just as she asked and pulled her up leaning against the cinder block wall, slamming her down onto his dick with every bounce. Her pussy on the verge of convulsion as he slammed harder into her. Her ass filled his hands as he kissed her, sucking on her hardened nipples for all he could.
“I’m gonna cum, Lourdes, I can’t hold it anymore. Cum with me, I can feel you, your pussys getting close. Cum for me honey.” She nodded, her eyes watering as she hung tighter to him. She wanted to cum, she wanted to feel him and cum so, so badly.
“I’m cumming, Howard I’m cumming.” Her pussy squeezed him so unbelievable tightly, clamping down, trying to force out as much seed as possible. And he came, came harder than he ever had before.
The two sighed as they looked at one another and nodded. They’d just-
They’d just had sex for their first time with each other and they hardly knew one another. But she wanted more, more from him and more of this.
“Could-could you go another round… That was really amazing.” He breathed heavily but gave a shaky nod, he could go another time, but it’d take everything out of him to do so. But for her, he would do anything.
Then her mind betrayed her, betrayed her in the worst way possible. She looked at him and sighed, and her mouth spoke before her brain could stop it. “You… you licked my butthole-do you want to… Try anal?” She asked, her voice small, scared of rejection as his face only brightened with red.
“Are you… are you sure?” She nodded, she wanted to do this even if it could hurt.  “I have some hand lotion in my work bag…” She added, before he could worry too much more, thinking of everything that could go wrong.
She smirked as she pulled her bag over to her and pulled out the bottle of lotion from one of the pockets that a water bottle would usually sits. Howard's eyes widened as she arched over the table. Her butt and pussy on full display, and the lotion being handed to him as she pressed her butt even further open.
Howard took the lotion and popped the top open. Squeezing a sizable amount into his hand he began to rub down her anus. His index finger sliding in and out of the tight hole, coating it in a white semi liquid lotion to add lubricant to her hole.
“Sorry if it’s cold.” She nodded; it wasn’t too bad. After such a hot passionate session, she was thankful for the coldness to be truthful…
Emily wanted to cum so bad in the moment, watching as her sister’s ass was lubed up, she couldn't believe it, her well-mannered sister was going to be fucked in the ass. It turned her on, so,so much. She continued to rub her clit harder and harder.
“Okay- I ahh, I don’t have a condom? Do you have one?” He asked, as he stood behind her, with her ass presented so closely to him, he hoped she had a condom. Hoped she'd still be willing to do it.
“Noo… I don’t have one, but we could do it without one?” She asked, and he stammered for a moment trying to take in what she was saying. He nodded, he wanted her so, so bad and nothing was going to stop him now. If she was willing to do it without one, then he’d be willing as well. Don’t do this, especially with someone you don't know.
Howard moved closer to her, pressing the tip of his cock close to her entrance. He once again picked up the bottle of location and squirted some into his hand. With what he assumed to be enough he coated his dick in the white substance. It wasn’t super pleasurable, but he hoped it would help her.
With his cock now ready, Howard placed it against her entrance, Lourdes looked over her shoulder, her blues meeting his blues and nodded. Signaling that it was okay, he began to push inwards.
It was harder than he thought, she was really tight. Tighter than he had originally expected, just as part of the tip went in, she contracted around him. Groaning at just the tip he slowed and looked at her. “Are you alright?”
“Yea, just go really slowly, you’re the first thing I’ve ever taken back there.” He nodded, even though he wasn’t huge by any means. A 6-inch cock would still be enough to cause a lot of discomfort if it was shoved into her unaccustomed hole.
Howard slowly pushed in, both hands laying on her butt as he did so. She continued to groan, so unused to the feeling of someone entering her. It felt like being torn apart, and she wasn’t fond of it, but hoped it would feel better as they went on.
Soon 4inchs were sheathed in her, and he stopped to look at her. She was breathing heavily, her face had reddened and he worried she’d ask him to stop. “Keep going.” She reaffirmed and with a small nodded to her doe like eyes he continued.
He pushed further into her tight hole; it was crushingly tight, unbelievably so tight that he felt he wouldn’t be able to pull out if she asked. Finally, as he gave one last small push, coaxing her to open up by giving her words of comfort. “Come on, you can do it Lourdes, take it slow, breathe.” And she did, taking in slow breaths as he finally bottomed out in her.
Soon, with her relaxing only slightly, and being bottomed out, he moved his shaft back out of her. Her tightness loosened as he did so. Pushing against him as he pulled out. She was still tight but less so now that he was pulling back.
Then as his tip came near the exit, he pushed back in, slowly but surely. Watching as she breathed heavily. “Oh fuck!” She cursed to herself as he reentered her. It was weird, she’d loosened some and it felt better, at least for her, he assumed.
“You feel so good Lourdes.” He told her, and she moaned a small “You do two.” He once again bottomed out on her, and they continued like that, with her slumped over the table as he slowly fucked her ass. She was so, so tight and it took everything for him not to cum. But, he managed, the lude helped out greatly.
Soon though, Lourdes felt comfortable enough to tell him. “You can go faster.” And with a small nod in her direction, he began to push in and out quicker, bottoming out and then pulling out quickly after, her cheeks jiggled as they did so.
His hips hit them lightly as he pushed in and out. “Yes!” She moaned as he slammed into her, it felt amazing to have him fucking her. His dick hitting so deep inside her rectum. She loved it, loved the feeling of being filled in the ass.
Her cheeks jiggled, moving up and down and waves flooded over them as he landed each time. He was mesmerized by her; she was truly beautiful and he didn’t know what to say to her. “Fuck, this feels so great Lourdes. You’re beautiful, stunning in every way.” He muttered to her.
Lourdes was so, so tight around him, and his hands continued to massage and message her cheeks. Her tits bounded up and down, clapping as they hit her pudgy skin. His left hand moved up, and caressed her tits, feeling them as they bounced.
Soon though both had to cum, he felt so, so amazing. And her butt was so tight no one could resist the urge to cum. He was the first to do so, thrashing wildly in pleasure as his dick heated inside her. “I’m-I’m cumming, you feel so great Lourdes.”
She soon came after him, the heat of his dick, and the way it convulsed inside of her pushing her over the edge. She came harder than before, and she moaned. “I’m cumming too, you feel amazing two Howard!” “I’m cumminga as-as well!” Yelled Emily from her seat, unable to control herself anymore. Her body squirted harder than it ever had before, coating the floor in her girl cum.
The three panted as he slowly pulled from her anus, cum and lotion leaking out as he did so. The two both lay against the table for a second, trying to regain their breath. And finally, they managed to get enough air to speak.
“You were-””That was-””How did we-” They stammered at one another. “No, you go first.” He nodded and breathed in once more before looking at her. “Thank you, that was great. ”Yea, that was amazing'' They said, and panted as they did so.
“You were great two, I never expected to do this… Especially with my former classmates.” They both laughed, he hadn’t either in all truthfulness, they’d just wanted him to talk about the goodbye gift.  But then, this had happened, and he didn’t know what to do.
“Well-Well that was something, we should probably get back to work.” He nodded, understanding that the moment was over, and that they had to get back to work.
"Actually, nowadays, it looks like Zhongli wants to kill himself."
Childe, who was standing by the door of the Wangsheng Funeral Parlor, looked at Hutao wide-eyed. The ferrylady who was currently bandaging Zhongli's bloody chest was also looking at her in surprise and squinting as if telling her to stop talking.
Zhongli just smiled.
"That's why he keeps coming back from your so-called sparing covered in blood!"
The Wangsheng Funeral Parlor building suddenly fell silent at that statement.
Hutao tilted her head, "Did I say something wrong?"
"Director," the ferrylady interrupted. “You can't joke about death like that. Isn't that so, Mr. Childe?"
Childe forced himself to laugh. “Of course. Zhongli-xiansheng is not the type to die easily!”

…

“Actually, you couldn't even die in the first place, right? You are an adepti.”
The ginger asked when they were alone in the common room of the Wangsheng Funeral Parlor, glancing at Zhongli who was sitting on the sofa, shirtless, bandage still covering his chest.
“Well, I wonder…”
Childe's gaze turned into a glare, staring at the former archon who was casually sipping his tea. “When you think about it… lately, you don't look serious when you fight me. There are times when you can use your shield, but you don't use it. It's as if you let me win by not using your full strength.”
There was no response from Zhongli until Childe asked him, "You really want to die, huh?"
"I'm not as agile as I used to be, I can't prepare my shield at the right time," 
    No. That was not the answer Childe wanted from Zhongli.
   “My shield’s durability is also not as strong as it used to be, it now breaks easily. This is the side effect of giving up gnosis-”
What?
"What do you mean?" Now Childe interrupted, looking at Zhongli straight in the eyes. "So you really can die?"
Zhongli just smiled.
Signora said she didn’t really understand (and didn’t want to know) the side effects of losing gnosis, but what she said made sense.
“Losing gnosis has been proven to weaken an archon’s body. If we try to compare it with the human body...  losing gnosis is like losing a certain bone or kidney, perhaps? You won’t die instantly from it, but you need to rest for a moment, letting your body adapt to the loss of one body function. If you don’t do that, your body will work harder and will eventually collapse. Maybe it can kill you from exhaustion too? Ha ha."
Childe looked at the gnosis in Signora’s hand. 
    Kidney or bone, huh...?
"So he can die even though he's an adepti?"
“I don’t know that much, Idiot. Adeptus has a stronger body than humans. But if the body is already weakened and exhausted from losing gnosis, dying could happen. Perhaps. Don’t quote me.”
So… Zhongli’s body is exhausted because it’s unable to adapt to the loss of gnosis, then it weakened because it’s not allowed to rest. It made sense. yes. Made sense.
What didn’t make sense is…
"Then why does he accept my fighting invitations every day?"
...why didn't Zhongli let himself rest?
"Isn't that good?" Signora smirked. "This is your chance to kill him."
For a moment, Childe wanted to steal the gnosis in Signora's hands and returned it to Zhongli.
He wanted to fight Zhongli. But he didn't want to let Zhongli unable to rest because of him.
He didn't want Zhongli to die that easily.
“Oh, Mister Childe… sorry, Mister Zhongli couldn't accept your invitation to spar. He was badly injured…”
Childe’s expression was bitter. "Why? What happened?"
The Ferrylady replied with a doubtful smile, “Ah… some witnesses saw him getting into a fight against the treasure hoarders who robbed one of the houses this morning.”
Childe's confusion was immediately uttered by Hutao who appeared out of nowhere excitedly, “See! What did I say! Zhongli usually prefers to watch from afar and report to milelith, but this time he got involved in fighting instead! He’s really looking for death! I told you, he’s getting suicidal!
The Ferrylady shooed Hutao away, and Childe didn't say anything.
He left the building instead after asking the two women to look after Zhongli.
"Why do you think someone would want to commit suicide?"
It wasn't something that should be said at lunchtime, Childe clearly knew that, and so that’s why he asked such a thing when Paimon wasn't at the traveler's side. The traveler stared at him in confusion, as expected. He has met many people on his adventures, though, and he always listened and helped them solve their problems, so he couldn’t underestimate Childe's question.
...especially since the Fatui asked it with a serious expression.
"...depression?"
“Yeah, depression… What makes someone depressed?"
"I don't know. Everyone has different problems, different reasons for having depression.”
“What makes someone, who has lived a long time and has had power all his life, feel depressed?”
Traveler glanced at him briefly, then lowered his head before sighing. He didn't even need to ask who’s this ‘live-a-long-time-and-has-had-power-all-his-life’ person.
"Maybe because he's feeling empty? He's lived a long time, has seen and been through a lot, there's nothing left to make them feel the good and bad in life," he added, "And if he's lived longer than his friends, then he's seen many of his friends die. Or they turned into enemies. The point is, nothing in life can make him happy anymore.”
"But he has power and control. It should make them happy."
“Power doesn't always make you happy, it will only add to your burden of responsibilities. There will be social jealousy, and so on. As a person who has many subordinates, you can understand, right?”
Oh, that feeling of having to maintain his reputation and how the other Fatui Agents looked at him with eyes full of jealousy? Then how they laughed behind their backs when Childe’s reputation has fallen?
Yes, Childe understood that very well.
"But when that person has descended from his throne, doesn’t that mean he’s already free from all burdens and he’s now able to make new friends?"
The traveler shrugged.
“That depends, I guess. Friends can disappear, but memories of them just don't seem to. I, too…” he took a deep breath, as if to hold himself and not break down. “…Even though I can make a hundred, a thousand, even a million new friends, I can't just forget about my sister. She's very important to me… if she dies, even though I already have millions of new friends, I'm sure I won't be able to get up that easily. She will not be easily replaced, I have too much time and memories I spent with her. So… if that person has many friends who mean a lot to them, maybe… he felt it would be best to just 
    follow
   them to heaven.”
"Then I just need to be his special new friend, right?"
Traveler sighed at Childe's wide smile.
That person was really naïve.
That positivity, can it change someone who’s been depressed for thousands of years?
When Childe returned to the Wangsheng Funeral Parlor the next day, he found Zhongli sitting by the window of the second floor, playing with birds.
His position was so dangerous that Childe immediately ran to him while shouting “Don't jump!!” because he remembered the words of Signora, traveler, and Hutao.
Zhongli didn't jump. 
    Not yet
  , perhaps. He even laughed at the sudden appearance of Childe shouting like that. But Childe realized one thing--
Zhongli's smile didn't reach his eyes. They were empty--there's no light in them.
For the first time, Childe realized that those people were right--
    Zhongli wanted to die
  .
They're right. Zhongli has had so many friends who had died or sealed--by himself--in the thousand years of his life. But… 
    Childe just had to take their place, right?
“Xiansheng, I’ll be your special friend. I will try to make you happy and enjoy life. Don't think about dying!”
Zhongli looked confused, but then he just laughed.
Of course, his laughter this time also didn't reach his eyes.
Fighting every day was not good for Zhongli's body, nor was it a good activity to be his special friend. The ferrylady said, if you want to be friends with someone else, Childe must cater to that person--give them things they like, take them to places they like, talk about topics they like, listen to their stories, praise them--in short, everything Childe should do should be about them, not '
    I
  '. Zhongli didn't seem too interested in sparring, it would also make his body weakened even more, so Childe didn't ask him to fight anymore.
Instead, he 'served' Zhongli. He took Zhongli to the theater, accompanied him shopping around Liyue Harbor, took him to eat at Liuili Pavilion, and so on. He knew Zhongli liked all of it.
But his efforts seemed fruitless.
Even though Childe had taken Zhongli to a place he liked by day, at night Zhongli would go around the hills near Liyue Harbor for a patrol, he said, and come home with new wounds on his body. The reasons for those wounds were varied, from slipping on a hill to getting beaten up by Hilichurl. Once, Childe managed to pull Zhongli out of danger at night, but Zhongli looked for danger at day instead; he ordered unsliced octopus for lunch, and after which he threw up and had to lie down all day.
Childe no longer cared whether Zhongli could die or not, because whatever the answer, it was clear that Zhongli wanted to die by weakening his own body.
(Vomiting is already a sign that he’s getting weaker anyway.)
Childe didn't understand.
"Even though I've taken him to where he likes, doing activities he likes every day, how come he doesn't think of me as his dearest friend yet? There's no way he's still depressed after I brought him to places and did activities he likes! He's always smiling when he's with me too!”
Childe closed his remarks with a slam on the table, carried away by his own emotions when he recounted the source of the problem that had kept him from sleeping well for the past few days. He kept wondering which part went wrong, what he should do tomorrow to make Zhongli happy, all of them were mixed with annoyance and worriness that Zhongli wasn't getting better. This was the first time Childe had thought of other people this much, that he had to go to the pharmacy to buy sedatives and low-dose sleeping pills to make it easier for him to sleep at night.
“…depression, huh…” Baizhu responded after a while. He didn't think the question 'why did you get so sleep deprived?' was actually answered with that munch information. “I don't know the details, but… you should know that depression can't be identified with sadness alone. It is more than that. Depression makes you lose interest in what you used to love.”
Childe blinked. “W… what?”
“You said you took him to where he likes, doing things he likes… but does he still find pleasure in those activities?”

…

Things started spinning in Childe's head. He tried to become friends by taking Zhongli to where he liked, giving him the things he liked, but Zhongli no longer get pleasure from those things?
...gosh, is it too late to want to be special?
“Doctor… what should I do?”
Baizhu could see the Fatui's face changing color, turning pale, but he couldn't do anything for now.
"It’s difficult, Sir. I have to check on them first.”
Of course Zhongli didn't want to.
"I'm not sick, Childe," Zhongli replied to Childe's offer for the umpteenth time. It seemed that Childe had been asking Zhongli the same thing for the past two weeks.
"You're sick." Although Childe had been getting sleepy and unfocused lately because he couldn't sleep, he knew that Zhongli was lying. "You're depressed."
Zhongli didn't look at him, he stood on the balcony with the night breeze blowing his strand of hair. "...and then?"
"I don't want you to die!" somehow, perhaps because he was too tired, Childe shouted so suddenly, unrelated to their conversation. At least it made Zhongli stare at him, and he noticed the dark circles under Childe's eyes.
“You need rest, Childe. You're busy with Fatui's business, but you still try to accompany me every day… you're getting too tired. It's better if you don't come with me tomorrow, alright? Let's 
    end 
  this."
It inflicted something inside Childe.
And then all hell broke loose.
"Let's end this, you say? I should be the one who say that! I'm tired--I'm fucking tired! All my efforts this month were in vain! I'm tired! I just want to stop, you know that!? I just want to 
    end 
  it all if I can!”
Childe looked like he's on the verge of crying. He just let out all his emotions. He didn't care anymore, he felt like throwing a tantrum, wanting to cry, wanting to...
But all those feelings vanished when Zhongli looked at him with a surprised look and a smile on his face.
It’s a big smile.
It’s a smile that reached his eyes.
The light in Zhongli’s eyes returned.
"You want it too?"
Childe was still stunned by the look on Zhongli's face. A genuinely happy smile. A look he'd never seen.
“...let's end it all.”

Ahh. Yes. What has Childe been doing? He wanted to pull Zhongli out of his depression by taking him to places he liked, giving him things he liked, he tried hard to make Zhongli happy…

Yet, in the end, 
    this
   is what makes Zhongli happy.
They went to Dragonspine that same night. Childe wanted to feel the cold air of Dragonspine, he said, because it reminded him of Snezhnaya. Besides, there were so many big monsters in Dragonspine, he wanted to feel satisfaction by fighting them.
Zhongli agreed. Just like Childe, his final mission might be fulfilled in the hands of those big monsters. If that didn’t work, at least Dragonspine's cold weather could help.
Throughout the journey to Dragonspine, even though there was no relationship between them, they were holding hands, guarding each other from attacks by slimes or wild boars. In fact, when they arrived at Dragonspine, they kissed, enjoying the warmth of each other's lips before the cold consumed their bodies.
“I think I love you,” is what Childe said with a red face and shivering body before smiling and letting out his blades to attack the incoming Frostarm Lawachurl.
“I love you too,” Zhongli replied in a low voice, his body shivering just like Childe's. “Thank you for choosing such a great place to spend time in tonight.”
“Of course,” Childe interrupted, his hand reaching for Zhongli's, completely ignoring the horde of Lawachurls approaching them. “It's the place for our 
    last meeting, 
  anyway.”
No one has seen them again since then.
The pearls around his neck feel suspiciously cold considering he’s been wearing them for a while now against his burning skin and the sun is shining right in his face – nowhere to hide from it in the white pontiac with the roof down.
He didn’t buy the pearls, and he didn’t buy the car.
It’s been a while since he’s worried about things like that.
The gate opens and he drives inside, under the avenue of blooming trees and around the fountain in front of the house. He parks the car carelessly, stops in the middle of the driveway – maybe he’ll get in trouble for that, but he can get right out of it very easily, and that’s a sacrifice he’s willing to make if it means he can get inside and get showered in kisses as soon as possible.
He walks inside the house, the golden hour throwing light beams on the marble floor, and he calls out for the older man immediately, taking off his shoes.
He didn’t buy those either.
It takes a while to find Louis in the big house, but after a few minutes he is there, settled on the big leather sofa with a scotch in hand.
He plops down on his lap with a pout. “Daddy,” he whines, while Louis’ arm sneaks around his waist and he smiles up at him.
“Baby honey,” the voice is smooth and sweet and Harry almost forgets he’s supposed to be mad, fights the urge to beam up at him for the pet name.
“I called you and you didn’t come,” he whines again, curling his fingers in Daddy’s expensive white button up and laying his head on his shoulder.
The man pushes his thumb against his bottom lip, pushing it back inside with a chuckle. “Sorry, baby, didn’t hear you. Whatever can I do to make it up to you?”
He perks up in his lap. “Kisses?”
The sun is shining in through the window, hurting his eyes a tiny bit, but when their lips meet he closes them, sighing contentedly into the other man’s mouth.
Whatever baby wants, baby gets.
Tommy was always so- numb.
Nothing feels special anymore, nothing feels colorful, nothing feels alive.
It was like all the color had drained from the world. The grass isn't green, the sky isn't blue, the flowers aren't as beautiful as they once were. Everything is so grey. Everything is so dull.
Just like Tommy, the color in his skin drained and his eyes lost that spark of joy they once had. He was sitting in his room, staring at a wall just like he always does. Sometimes for 30 minutes, sometimes for hours on end. Nothing felt real anymore. No genuine smile, no tears. Nothing. Just emptiness, slowly losing the ability to feel anything at all. He hated to admit it, but he missed those days filled with anger and sadness. Those days locked up in his room, crying for hours on end. Oh what he would do just to feel something again. Just one genuine smile. just one.
Tommy never knew why he felt this way. He didn’t have trauma or anything like that. It feels like his body slowly gave up on him. It slowly drained and eventually, it just shut off, like a kind of slumber.
He looked at the wall full of drawings. He stopped drawing when the slumber had started. He couldn’t do it anymore. His creativity had gone and his motivation was at an all time low. He had lost everything. Even his friends.
Tommy had been an awful friend. When they needed him the most. He shut off. Completely.
 “Tommy, are u even listening?” “h-huh what? sorry.” “Toms, it’s like u never even listen to me anymore, what the hell is up with u?” “its nothing i-” “No, it's definitely Tommy. ur-” That’s when he clicked the leave call button. His head in his hands, pulling his hair.  Eventually, Tubbo just stopped. calling. He didn’t blame him, he never even listened to him.
Tommy had never hurt himself or wanted to hurt himself. He didn’t like blood. at all. And he never saw the appeal in it, it just wasn’t for him. He wanted to feel something that could last. And that feeling wasn’t happiness, happiness never seemed to last. He wanted to be sad. sad forever. He wanted to cry his eyes out and scream until his lungs gave in. He wanted to be sad and never return to the slumber. He wanted to feel. He wanted to feel something.
------------------------------------------
He was at the dinner table. Phil and Techno across from him, Will next to him. “Toms, what’s been up with you lately? you’ve been so, out of it.” Phil said. Tommy just ignored it and looked down at his hand, fiddling with them. “Hey!, I'm talking to you Tommy.” Tommy looked up, everyone was staring at him. He felt so- exposed. He was so used to being in the background and now there were three pairs of eyes staring at him. “Tommy stop being so damn rude, I know ur a teenager but u dont have to be this damn ignorant.” Techno said, Tommys stomach feeling heavy and his lungs cramped.  stay quiet, just breathe, stay quiet, stay quiet” “Yeah, cheer up dude.” Will said mockingly while patting the boy on his back. The boy said nothing and stood up, plate in his hands. He walked away tensely, wanting to go to his room. “Yeah, thats what i thought, stop being so rude tommy, its fucking dumb.” Techno said. That's when the plate hit the ground and Tommy turned around harshly. “DUMB? REALLY? DO YOU EVEN UNDERSTAND? DO ANY OF U UNDERSTAND? EVERY DAY, FROM THE MINUTE I WAKE UP. IT'S LIKE EVERYTHING HAS TURNED GRAY. I'VE LOST EVERYTHING OKAY? MY PASSION, MY FEELINGS, MY JOY, EVEN MY FUCKING FRIENDS. I DON'T CARE IF I'M BEING RUDE. I DON'T CARE ABOUT ANYTHING ANYMORE. I DONT FUCKING CARE.” Tommy’s voice breaking at the last sentence, tears welling up in his eyes. He stood there, frozen for a few seconds, shock in the other three’s eyes. That's when he ran, through the room and out the front door.
It was raining, the sky covered with clouds although that didn’t bother him. He kept running, into the forest, not hearing the footsteps behind him. He eventually came to a stop in front of the lake.
“Tom- i-im sorry.” a soft breaking voice said. It was Will. The blonde turned around, eyes in eyes with his brother, tears welling up, that's when the first sob left his mouth. He started sobbing more and more, and he quickly stepped forward and hugged Will, keeping him tightly around him, as if he was gonna disappear any second. And he cried, for hours. In the middle of the forest, rain pouring quickly, in the arms of his brother.
Fall 1635, Haarlem
Aziraphale sighed and set the book he was reading down. Really, this assignment had been all the doldrums, and he was stuck here for at least another year keeping an eye on this little town.
If he was being honest, a huge part of his boredom may be the lack of certain demonic company. Crowley was off doing whatever it was he was doing, while Aziraphale was writing reports back to the home office about how the new trade goods were being received.
He stared at the wall and wondered if they’d really notice if he popped back to London for a bit then startled when there was a knock at the door.
Aziraphale was not expecting to see his favorite demon there. He was definitely not expecting Crowley to be standing there holding what looked like a bag of onions.
“Hey angel, was in the area and thought I’d stop by. Found a small gift for you at the market.”
Aziraphale stepped to the side, gesturing Crowley in. “Are those onions?”
Crowley deposited the small bag on the table, then pulled a larger bag from his side with a wine bottle in it. “They’re tulips!”
Aziraphale retrieved some cups for the wine as he waited for Crowley to elaborate.
“New flower, I thought you may like them.”
And Aziraphale did. Crowley had always an interest in growing things. Any plants Aziraphale owned over the years had usually been deposited by the demon on a cheerful visit. But this wasn’t a plant, not really.
“What do I do with them?”
“Sow them, of course. Coming up I thought maybe just out front would work, they don’t need too much space. Plant them now and they’ll bloom in the spring.” He paused, taking his glasses off and meeting Aziraphale’s eyes for the first time. “I could help, if you’d like?”
And that was how they ended up spending an afternoon digging through the dirt outside Aziraphale’s doors. Their hands sometimes brushed each other as they spoke. At least once Crowley caught Aziraphale’s hand and gently held it as he told him a story of his journey. They both remained bent over the tulip bulbs in the flower bed.
When Crowley left the next day, Aziraphale sent out a gentle miracle. He wasn’t sure what the flowers would look like, but he wanted to be sure that each of them bloomed.
That must have been part of the reason why so many people asked him about the unique flowers that upcoming spring. He cheerfully told them they were called tulips and could be purchased at the market.
He hadn’t expected that quite so many people would be interested in them.
He certainly hadn’t meant to cause people to start arguing over purchasing the bulbs down at the market.
A few days later he had to set a miracle to protect his own flowers from being stolen after one went missing. Still, more people were knocking on his door to ask about them. The offers were starting to get ridiculous.
He neglected to include it in his reports to Head Office. Surely they wouldn’t be interested in the humans being over-excited about a simple flower.
Some of the hubbub died down as the weather warmed and the flowers faded. Aziraphale was grateful even if he was sad to see them go. He brought one inside and preserved it with a miracle, resting it on the shelf to remind himself of a sunny day spent digging in the dirt.
Surely, he couldn’t have predicted that his flowers would cause a worse cascading of events that fall.
It was months later that Crowley sat in front of him, looking confused. “Sometimes I just do not understand humans,” the demon muttered.
“The striped variety of tulips really are quite beautiful.” Aziraphale gestured to the flower still preserved on his mantle. “I suppose you’ll be able to use this for a report at the least?”
“Oh yeah, Hell’s going to love them throwing away money for flowers that will probably moulder before they can even be planted and all the negative feelings attached. Won’t cause any problems for you will it?”
Aziraphale sipped his tea, a small grin on his face. “No, not at all. Actually, it saved me quite a bit of hassle. You see, I was sent here to put some of the more well-to-do in their place and they’ve conveniently lost significant investments. It’s done a marvelous job at offering some humility for those who greatly needed it. I’ll be coming back to London next week.”
Sapnap and George were both extremely competitive people.

Sure, they loved to tease each other and push buttons neither one of them would like pushed, but it had never been anything serious. That was, until today.

Normally, they were able to read into each other’s tone of voice or facial expressions when mocking each other – this had become a lot more straightforward ever since they had all moved in with each other. However, this time it seemed like no matter how many subtle signals George sent Sapnap’s way telling him that he wasn’t okay, Sapnap just wasn’t picking up on them.

It had started with Sapnap practically begging him to play on the MCC server so that he could brush up on his battle-box PVP skills for the next MCC. George should have known it was a bad idea, considering every time they played together they both ended up getting severely riled up whenever they lost and began bad-mouthing to compensate.

Whenever he played with Dream, it was different. His boyfriend was naturally great at every game he played, so there was no pressure when he lost. With Sapnap, they were both at a similar skill level, meaning that it came down to who wanted the win badly enough, and usually neither of them would relent.

Usually, George marvelled in the rush of adrenaline he got when playing with the other boy, it’s just he needed to be in the right mood, and today he just wasn’t.

Another thing with Sapnap was that he loved to trash talk. George does also, but not to the damaging level that his best friend does. If anyone else spoke to him the way Sapnap did when he was losing, George would probably end up in tears. Spoiler alert – he does.

“George, oh my god you’re so bad!” he cried into his mic, the words leaving a bitter taste in his mouth. Logically, he knew Sapnap was just basking in the 3 wins he had stolen from George, but the truth was he had been feeling off all day and the other boy's words were like venom twisting their way into his veins. His head was beginning to pulse, making him feel weak and dizzy from his place on his chair.

“Shut up…” he mumbled back, trying to let the other boy know his harsh words were cutting through him deep rather than being shaken off like they usually were. Sapnap barked a laugh, seemingly not picking up on George’s discomfort at the situation, which only made his head pound harder.

He ran a shaky hand through his soft locks, noticing how long his hair had gotten. His leg began to bounce rhythmically against the wooden floor of his and Dream’s bedroom; the other boy was in his study working on a plugin to allow George and Sapnap to play together but he wished his boyfriend was here with him.

He could really use a hug right now.

“Why would I shut up when you’ve literally lost 3 games in a row, next MCC you’re going down.”

Something in George’s chest cracked. He hated being off of his game, and Sapnap rubbing in his losses definitely wasn’t helping. His head was becoming fuzzy, but he forced his eyes to remain steady on the screen as he clicked ready for another round.

He leaned back in his chair and allowed his tired eyes to close, unintentionally slipping slightly into his headspace without fully being aware of what was happening.

He dragged a small fist over his eyes as he opened younger teary eyes to look back at the screen.

“Sap… please stop” his quiet voice sounded, a lot more timid than it had been before. George prayed that the other boy would finally sense the small change in his voice and drop the insults, but no such luck.

George really wanted Dream by his side now; he wanted to snuggle up with his dada and hide away from the mean words that were being hurled at him.

“Grow up George, just because you suck at the game.”

That was all it took for small droplets to pool in his eyes and drip down his pale face. Little George wasn’t good at dealing with harsh words like big George was, and it was starting to show.

All he could think about was what he had done to make Sapnap this mad?

“I’m s’rry Sap…” he tried to get out. He despised people being mad at him, never mind his best friend. He wanted to fix it, but he didn’t know how; little George felt utterly useless.

He tried to suppress a whimper, but it slipped past his lips that had been bitten raw in his worried state. He needed to get his dada, now.

Sapnap immediately picked up on the sound and softened his demeanour.

“Hey George, are you okay? You know that I was just joking, man.” The words sounded a lot gentler than they had before, making George breathe a little easier knowing the other wasn’t going to be mean to him anymore, but didn’t fully settle his mind.

He couldn’t stop the soft cries from resounding around his room. He wanted to cuddle with his dada and forget this had ever happened.

“Do you want me to get Dream?” Sapnap had never been good at comforting people, yet he knew Dream was always able to calm George down; he was his boyfriend after all.

A small hum confirmed that George did indeed want Sapnap to go get him, so with another soft apology, he got up and made his way downstairs to Dream’s study.

He wasn’t sure what to say to the other boy. Him and George had always joked around with each other, throwing insults like they were confetti, yet they always knew when to stop. He felt guilty that he hadn’t realised how upset George really was; he should have shut his mouth sooner.

He knocked loudly on the door; a guilty look planted on his face when Dream opened it up slowly to greet him.

“What have you done?” he asked him immediately, easily picking up on the shameful look Sapnap was throwing in his direction.

“I… I don’t know what happened man. One moment we were joking around on the MCC server, and the next George was really upset. He was asking for you…”

Concern flooded the other boy’s features, before he gently held Sapnap’s shoulders and moved swiftly around him, supposedly so he could go and see George.

“I’m really sorry man, I know I must have taken it too far but usually he can take joke” he spoke while he rushed after the other, desperately trying to keep up with Dream’s long legs that were running upstairs towards where George was.

“It’s okay Sapnap. I’ll… I’ll explain later.”

And with that, the other boy swiftly opened and closed his bedroom door, supposedly to give the two some privacy.

Dream knew that George had slipped from the second Sapnap had mentioned how upset the other seemed. He knew his boyfriend, and he only took things to heart like that when he was little.

It shocked him that the other had let himself slip so quickly on a call. Normally, George would make up some sort of excuse if he felt himself slipping on a call and then texted Dream so he could go and take care of him.

He wasn’t exactly sure how much Sapnap had heard, but he wasn’t going to reveal anything unless George was comfortable with their friend knowing. He knew the other boy wouldn’t judge, but George had been so comfortable in his own skin lately and he was not going to ruin that by telling Sapnap before he was ready.

He opened the door to their shared bedroom and quickly closed it behind him, glancing over to the desk where his computer was still on and displaying the Minecraft home screen. He spotted a small, shaking body curled up on the bed, face buried in his hands.

“Georgie?” he whispered, not wanting to startle him.

“Dada?” he looked up hopefully, immediately meeting his gaze and relaxing slightly at the sight of him; it warmed his heart how just his presence could make George feel so safe.

He opened his arms up and George pounced at him, a mop of brown hair nuzzling into his shoulder. He felt his shoulder dampen slightly with the tears, but he simply ran a comforting hand through his hair, rejoicing when George relaxed further.

“What happened?” he asked softly, hoping to coax an explanation from the smaller boy.

“Sap was being mean, but he said sorry. I just got upset” he mumbled into his shoulder, breaking Dream’s heart at the vulnerability in his tone.

“It’s okay baby, I got you” he moved on to the bed, so he was in a better position to comfort George, and wrapped his arms further around the boy, pushing them impossibly close.

“Dada loves you; you know that right?” he spoke, hoping to ease any worries the other may have and settle him down.

“Yeah, I love dada too!” he exclaimed, perking up at the sweet declaration. George was terribly cute without trying, and Dream felt so lucky to have him.

They lay like that for a while, Dream ravishing him in little kisses until George was laughing so hard he couldn’t breathe. He knew that he owed Sap an explanation, but he really wanted to talk to George first, preferably while he was big.

He knew that their best friend must feel awful for upsetting George, and he was desperate to lift that guilt off of his chest. But, for now he was content with making sure George, his boyfriend, was okay.

Then, they could talk.
As the final siren rang, Joe Daniher smiled and gazed up at the scoreboard happily. What a night.
He kicked 3 goals in a freeing performance, the first time he'd played Collingwood without the warm sweet breath of Darcy Moore on his neck.
Thinking back to those days, when he'd feel Darcy's body pressed against his back, and Darcy's fist thumping the ball 50 metres away.
Joe shook hands with the opposition, quickly walking up to his good friend Brodie Grundy.
"Brodie!" Joe called eagerly.
Brodie turned from where he was chatting to Trey and smiled warmly. "Hey Joe," Brodie greeted. "how's Brisbane life?"
"Oh it's really great!" Joe gushed excitedly, eyes lit up as he bounced on the balls of his feet. "It's such a beautiful city! And no one talks about footy!"
Brodie's eyes lit up with interest. "Sounds great," he said enthusiastically.
"Well they talk a different kind of footy," Joe conceded and shrugged. "Still, no one here knows I have twenty uncles who played."
"I'm so happy for you," Brodie said genuinely.
Joe hesitated then launched himself into Brodie's arms. "I miss you, brodes," Joe whispered in his friend's ear. "I miss Anzac Day."
"I miss you too," Brodie said, arms tight around Joe's body.
When they let go, just before Joe turned to walk away, he asked shyly, "Are you staying here the night?"
Brodie smiled sadly. "No, sorry," he said, "we're on the next flight out of here."
Joe brushed away a tear and smiled shakily. "We'll have to catch up properly over the off season," he said, "Also give my love to Darcy. Tell him my hair's overdue for a cut."
"I will," Brodie said, chuckling.
They parted ways, Joe bounding off with his Brisbane teammates, and Brodie strolling quickly to catch up to Trey and the rest of his dejected teammates.
She’d told him to expect her later than usual but that still didn’t ease the knot of anxiety building in his chest as the seconds, minutes, hours ticked by on the clock with Jenny not crossing the threshold into their home. She was more than capable, he knew this, but she was also impulsive and he was not entirely without reason to be worried. Giles had noticed the tell tale signs that always came when Jenny was working too hard on something : the anxious twisting of her hands when she thought no one was looking, the way she lost her ability to remember to eat more than the first snack her hands fell on, or the increasing number of nights she would kiss him goodnight as he headed to bed promising she’d join him after ‘ten more minutes’ that she would no doubt spend glued to the screen of her laptop researching; only for him to find her the next morning curled over the top of said device clutching an empty mug that he can assume once held the contents of her umpteenth cup to coffee of the day. He’d noticed all of these start to slip back in to her routine over the past few weeks but of course whenever he’d challenged her she’d bat off his concerns and assure him that everything was going to be okay. After the year they’d all had it was a phrase he found difficult to believe, but coming from Jenny’s lips it sounded like a truth he had no business doubting. And so he sat patiently and waited, eyes flicking between his book, the clock and the door.
-
Every single inch of her body felt broken and battered and from the glimpses she’d caught of herself in the windows of cars she passed on the journey home, she looked as defeated as she felt. Jenny caught herself hoping that Rupert would already be asleep so that she wouldn’t have to find a way to explain her bloodied appearance but knew that was a futile hope - he loved her as fiercely as she loved him and there’s no way she would be able to sleep without knowing he was safe either. The warm glow of the downstairs light confirmed her fear. This was gonna take some explaining. She drew in a breath to settle herself before opening the door of their apartment.
‘Jenny?’ His voice called from the kitchen as she clicked the door shut behind her.
‘Yeah babe, it’s me.’ She replied, her voice sounding hoarse and shakier than she had hoped.
‘How was your eveni…’ he trailed off as he rounded the corner, his eyes falling on Jenny’s blood soaked t-shirt before panning up to her injured face. The next thing she knew she was in his arms, her legs all but giving up from the exhaustion of the magic they’d tried to pull off. For the first time in the disaster that had been the whole night Jenny felt the lump in her throat as her tears threatened to finally spill from her eyes. She really thought it would work. Rupert guided her over over to the sofa where he sat her down gently before retreating to their bathroom no doubt in search for the first aid kit that they’d had to start keeping around. Life on a Hellmouth often called for one. Rupert returned seconds later with the kit, a bowl of warm water and a towel. He knelt in front of her on the sofa before taking one of her hands in his which he began to clean. She hadn’t realised they were cut open and covered in both dirt and dried blood. Black and purple bruises were starting to flower from her wrists up to her fore arms.  In fact the more she looked at her arms, her hands, her torso, she thought there might not be a single part of her not wounded. She found herself hoping that she took the worst of it and that Willow was not in a similar condition.
The hot water stung her palms which drew a hiss from Jenny’s mouth.
'Sorry!' Rupert flinched at her pain.
‘Sorry… Jenny is….’ He looked up at her and there was so much love and concern in his eyes it made her breath catch in her throat. ‘Is there any point in me asking what on earth happened tonight?’
‘It was nothing. Tried to do a thing. It didn’t work.’ She looked at the coffee table, then the book shelf, or just anywhere that wasn’t Rupert’s questioning expression.
‘That’s it?’ He shuffled himself up on to the edge of the coffee table behind him before gently reaching out to gently cup her jaw as he started on cleaning the many wounds she was sporting on her face. ‘You stumble home after midnight - in this town of all places - looking quite frankly like you picked a fight with a bear and you expect me to take ‘I tried to do a thing’ as an explanation?’ There was more bite in his voice than he’d intended, but few things got him as irate as Jenny putting herself in direct danger.
‘Please Rupert, leave it. I just… I don’t want you to worry.’ It sounded like a weak excuse, even to her own ears.
‘And you think I’m not worried right now?’ The bite was gone from his tone and again his eyes found hers, almost begging her to open up. Who had she been kidding, he was the one person who she couldn’t lie to. Not anymore. She interlaced her injured hand with his and uttered
‘We tried to bring Buffy back.’
It was like the air had been knocked out of his lungs. ‘You did what?’
‘Willow and I. We’ve been researching for weeks and we had all the right things and I swear it should’ve worked - it would’ve work if we hadn’t-’
He jerked his hand from hers and reached up to pluck his glasses from his face as he stood and began to pace. Oh boy, she thought. The glasses-off-the-face was Rupert’s tell that he was stressed, or upset, or (as she expected was the case now) angry.
‘What on EARTH were you thinking?’ The bite had well and truly returned to his voice with a vengance. ‘Or actually no scrap that because you clearly weren’t thinking at all. Resurrection Jenny? It’s one of the most careless and complicated things you can meddle with. I cannot believe you went through with this - and behind my back?’
He was ranting now. Pacing the room almost frantically and it was now his turn to avoid their gaze meeting.
‘I am not a child, Rupert.’ She bit back, standing from the sofa herself. ‘I knew the risks and I weighed it up-’
‘Oh did you now’ he interjected.
‘I weighed it up and decided it was worth the risk.’ she finished tersely.
That caught his attention. He stopped pacing and snapped his head to lock eyes with her from his side of the coffee table. ‘Well maybe that wasn’t your decision to make!’ He was starting to raise his voice. ‘We cannot play God, Jenny. I cannot believe you would be so irresponsible as to go through with something like this. You are powerful but you are NOT invincible and I thought you knew better than-’
‘BETTER THAN WHAT?’ It was her turn to raise her voice. ‘Go on, Rupert, do elaborate on how exactly I could know better when everyone I love is in pain and has been for months.' She raked her hands through her hair before continuing.
'How am I supposed to watch you all hurt? how am I supposed to hurt like this? How can I go on living knowing a kid - the most amazing kid - who I loved is dead in the ground because I couldn’t save her?’ Jenny was most definitely crying now. Her hands trembled with anger as she held Rupert’s eyes. She would not be lectured about this.
’When everything in this world feels wrong and broken and I might have the power to fix it by using my abilities to do some actually fucking good with my life why should I be expected to do anything less than everything I can to make it right? Use your big boy words and TELL ME’
‘You just don’t get it, do you?’ Was all he said, eyes still locked on hers and very much filled with frustration and a hint of something else that she was too furious in her own right to decipher at this moment. He crossed the room and she realised he was heading for the door. She hurried around the sofa and stopped him with her palm on his chest just as he was closing his fingers around the handle. ‘Let me go’ he almost whispered, eyes still locked on the door.
‘Rupert’ she sighed. She really did wish he’d been asleep when she got home. ‘It’s after sunset. No matter how angry we are we’re not making stupid decisions like going for a walk in Sunnydale at night, okay?’ He cast his eyes down to where her hand was still placed on his shirt before drawing in a deep breath and nodding, stepping away from both her and the door.
‘How come you get to talk me out of my reckless decisions and I don’t get the chance to talk you out of yours?’ He said, without a trace of venom and more than one note of genuine hurt.
‘That’s life, baby’ she winked at him, the tension from their argument finally starting to dissipate. ‘Listen I know we have to talk about all of this but I’m beat, can we just sleep now and talk later?’
He accepted her truce gladly and they retreated to their bedroom. Jenny was out like a light as soon as her head hit the pillow leaving Giles alone with his ever louder thoughts. His eyes traced her silhouette beside him in the dark and he thanked all his lucky stars that despite the surface damaged she seemed to have come home to him relatively unharmed. He’d heard horror stories of people who meddled in resurrections and the trials that one is put through when casting the spells themselves. It was like a physical ache in his stomach when he thought about the fact he’d probably never know how close he came to losing her tonight. And she’d put herself through it for him, for all of them, in an attempt to ease the suffering that had been caused losing Buffy. In the 6 years he’d known her, he never failed to be surprised at the lengths of her endless compassion and the things she was willing to do for the people she loved. He wanted to reach out for her, to affirm that she really was beside him, breathing and solid and not just some trick of the moonlight. But she needed to rest and he didn’t dare risk waking her for his own selfish reasons of wanting to hold her, so he settled for just watching her dream. He hoped she was dreaming of sweet things, after all they dealt with so much pain and loss in their waking lives that she deserved more than anyone to have sweet dreams - his Jenny. He was pretty sure he’d committed every detail to his long term memory when he finally drifted off into a sleep of his own.
-
He was woken early by the sun the next morning. Jenny was absent from their bed.
‘Jenny?’ He called down from the loft before realising that the door to the courtyard was slightly ajar. Not bothering to change from the t-shirt and sweats he’d slept in he made his way to their kitchen, absentmindedly pouring them each a cup of coffee before heading outside where he found her, meditating in the morning sun like the very image of a goddess from a greek myth.
She opened her eyes and greeted him with the softest smile. He thought quietly to himself that it was a smile he could worship for the rest of his days should she give him the opportunity.
‘Hey’ she breathed.
‘Morning’ he responded, handing her the coffee mug. ‘Did you, uh, sleep well?’ He stumbled, distracted as always by just being in her vicinity. Six years of loving her and the magnitude of the feeling still knocked him off balance from time to time
‘Mmmm’ she affirmed, taking a grateful sip before placing her coffee beside her crossed legs on the ground. ’Thought I’d get some recharging in this morning. Draw on the power from the earth to help heal myself. I uh, forgot how tiring it can be.’ She laughed almost self consciously. ‘Maybe you’re right, I’m not as powerful as I’d sometimes like to think.’
He sat opposite her, placing his own beverage out of the way and taking her palms in his own. ‘Use my strength, you’re still weakened from the spell.’ She nodded and they both closed their eyes, their breath falling immediately into a synchronicity that they always seemed to find in one another. She could feel the glow from the early morning sun warming the apples of her cheeks and the tip of her nose, the gentle breeze filling her lungs and dancing through the strands of her dark hair. She could hear the rustle from the trees and the quiet chirping of the birds just beginning to wake. She could also feel Rupert, willingly giving himself and his energy over to her, it was like liquid gold flowing from their joined palms through her veins and replenishing her broken body. It was almost dizzying, being able to feel his love for her in their entwined energies.
‘I’m sorry about last night’ his voice interrupted her thoughts. She opened her eyes to see him looking down at their joined hands.
‘Me too. I should’ve told you what we were planning’ she ran her thumb across the back of his hand. ‘I just wanted to help’ she added in a small voice.
‘I know, and I regret how I reacted. But...’ he lifted his eyes to meet hers. ‘I think you underestimate what you mean to me Jenny. You are the dream I never even let myself have, and yet here you are - my miracle.’ He paused to take a breath.
‘You are so precious and to see you throw yourself into the line of fire time and time again… I wouldn’t survive losing you, too.’
Jenny felt almost lost for words. ‘I’m so in love with you’ was all she could muster.
At that moment the phone rang from the kitchen.
‘I should get that’ he said, reluctantly getting to his feet.
Jenny watched him go before returning to her healing practise. He was right, she did take disproportionate risks when it came to the people she loved and she had thought beyond a doubt that this was a risk worth taking.
-
‘Hello? Oh Willow, yes yes she’s quite alright…’
-
Dawn deserved her sister, Willow deserved her best friend and above all Buffy deserved her life. But maybe Rupert was right and she’d need to weigh up how worse off they’d be if something were to happen to her. It was an unfamiliar feeling to Jenny, to place value on her own place in their lives, but it was a feeling that she thought she could make herself get used to.
-
‘My god…’ she heard Rupert say faintly into the phone.
Jenny stood from her place on the ground, a little light headed from the healing process, collected the coffee mug from beside her and wandered back into their home
‘Yes, that’s quite um, we’ll be round shortly Willow’ He spoke into the handset before replacing it in the cradle. Something about his demeaned had changed from how he was outside in the courtyard and his face looked suddenly rather pale. It made Jenny’s stomach turn.
‘That’s Willow? It’s early to be calling, is she okay?’ She asked him, a quiet panic coming across her face.
‘Yes she’s uh, she’s fine’ He stuttered.
‘Buffy’s alive. She came home.’
‘You did it.’
Jenny heard the coffee mug shatter on impact before she even realised she’d dropped it.
---
For those as antisocial as Neil and Andrew their evenings typically followed the same pattern, staying in, eating dinner and watching movies together. Now they had their own place they had become even more reclusive. Back in the dorms they used to have Kevin join in with these movie nights and once in a while all the monsters would show up, it was very rare that the whole team would crash the party but when they did Neil didn't really mind. Andrew however, much prefers this new arrangement.
Both of them are not comfortable with huge amounts of PDA and the most they would do in front of their team mates would be hold hands. Andrew and Neil are not the couple most even their closest friends and family would think be very affectionate, however they are practically joint at the hip given the opportunity. While the two are home they are rarely in different rooms for more than 10 minutes at a time. With Neil's history of disappearing acts and kidnappings Andrew feels more comfortable having Neil in his sight as much as possible, although he would never admit this to Neil in those words. He instead responds to Neil's questioning looks when Andrew follows him to the kitchen and back with "Just making sure you weren't running off anywhere junkie." Neil knows that Andrew isn't serious with these comments about running away, Neil wouldn't do that again by choice and Andrew knows this. Neil gets that this is Andrew's way of feeling more secure and Neil couldn't complain as it isn't just Andrew that feels more comfortable this way. These behaviours are never spoken about explicitly between them but Neil responds to these remarks with a soft smile towards Andrew (which melts Andrew more that Neil realizes) then they move on.
This movie night was no different from their usual evenings. They are sat together on the couch, side by side, legs tangled, their movie playing on the TV which sat on the stand opposite them. The room is reasonably dark but the summer evenings mean that even by as late as 9pm it is still light out of the windows of their apartment, plus the addition of a lamp on the side table closest to Neil's end of the couch, both of them being not too keen on complete darkness. They sat mostly in complete silence while they watched, just content in each other's company. The closeness of their position meant that Andrew instantly noticed when Neil's entire body tensed up from their touching shoulders right down to their entwined legs. Andrew who had partly been falling asleep was now very much awake. His eyes darted around the room and he quickly realized what Neil had seen. The movie playing currently had a scene of an abandoned car being set on fire. Andrew who now, since the FBI interview he had sat in with Neil, knew all of Neil's past and instantly identified it as the trigger for Neil's reaction.
Andrew holds back the temptation to dash across the room and turn off the TV quickly as he knew that moving fast and in a panicked manner would do nothing to help Neil right now. Andrew got up and normally as he could manage, turned off the TV and kneeled on the ground in front of Neil. Neil, who had now brought his legs up to his chest and hidden his face in his hands, was visibly shaking and hyperventilating. Andrew could hear him crying and see him beginning to sweat considerably. Panic attacks are a common occurrence for Neil and Andrew both of them experiencing them far less than they used to with the help of therapy but unfortunately they are not yet completely avoided.
As they’re common experience they each know what they can do to try to support the other though them. Andrew places his hands , palms up on the couch cushion one either side of Neil some distance away to avoid touching him until Neil wants him to. Andrew cleared his throat, which had tensed with worry, before quietly and calmly saying "Neil, you are safe. Neil, I am here with you.". Neil's breathing was worryingly rapid and uneven. When there was no change in Neil's condition Andrew shifted carefully sitting a fraction further forward, he worried that Neil couldn't hear him over his own heartbeat which Andrew guessed was pounding in his ears by now. He repeated a little louder "Neil, you are safe, i'm here with you." adding "Neil I need you to breathe with me, ok?". Andrew spoke slowly and calmly, he had mastered masking his emotions so they didn't impact his voice. Andrew stared intently at Neil's covered face and he slowed his own breathing encouraging Neil to do the time. They stayed like this for a little while longer, Andrew repeating himself at appropriate time intervals until Neil gradually began to catch his breath. Although still shaking, Neil's breathing was considerably slower, his legs were still tucked up to his body but his hands had moved from his face to fold his arms over the tops of his knees, his forehead resting against them. Andrew knows Neil screws his eye tight shut during his attacks sometimes to the point of pain. They stayed like this for about another minute, Andrew leaving his hands in position palm up either side of Neil the whole time.
Andrew raised his head when he felt the pressure of Neil's sweat and tear damp hands fall on top of his gripping uncomfortably tight, Andrew didn't mind. Andrew knows this is how Neil tries to ground himself in reality during an attack. Sometimes Neil can manage this, sometimes he can’t, the touch too overwhelming, Andrew regardless, always lays his hands near Neil just in case he needs him, today he does. This had been agreed by the two of them as hands were one of the the places on Andrew’s body that he was now comfortable with Neil touching without first asking "Yes or no?". Andrew slowly held Neil's hands in return, looking back to Neil, who had returned the eye contact, to watch his reaction in case he wanted him to let go. Neil's face was tear stained, red and sweaty, his hair sticking to the sides of his face but from Andrew's experience with Neil's previous panic attacks he knew that they were through the worst of it now. Andrew hated feeling helpless when Neil was struggling, however Neil doesn't view Andrew as helpless at all, Andrew’s presence alone is a considerable improvement not only in getting through them but also supporting him in the aftermath. Before Andrew Neil's panic attacks usually left him weak, alone and dry heaving into a grotty public restroom toilet somewhere.
They sat in this position for around 5 minutes, Andrew judged from the clock on the wall behind Neil. Andrew was monitoring Neil reminding him to steady his breathing any time he noticed it quicken. Neil's fingers which had dug small white patches into Andrew’s skin loosened their grip. Their eye contact had made it easier for Neil to keep his breathing calm and he was soon no longer shaking nor sweating. “Drew?” Neil croaked his throat audibly sore from his hacking cough cries. Andrew understood “Yes or no, Neil?”. Neil nodded, Andrew immediately fixed Neil with a stern glare. Neil knew Andrew couldn’t accept wishy washy responses to that question as consent, sore throat or not. Neil croaked a pained “Yes.” making confident eye contact with Andrew to assure him he meant it. Andrew was satisfied and got up from the ground. He wished he had some water to hand to help Neil’s throat but he knew Neil would not want to be apart from him right now even just to go to the kitchen. Without letting go of one of Neils hands Andrew carefully moved Neil so they could sit sideways on the couch with Neil sitting between Andrew’s legs and his back against Andrew’s chest. Andrew moved in a slow predictable way allowing Neil to watch his movements but to also allow him to withdraw consent if he changes his mind at any point. Although Neil doesn’t think the lengths Andrew goes to to make Neil comfortable are entirely necessary, Neil trusts him with his life at this point, he understands that this is as much for Neil’s comfort and safety as it is for Andrew’s peace of mind. Having Andrew at his back has long been a comfort position for Neil. Previously, Neil would have preferred a solid surface such as a wall to lean on, but as time has passed Neil now finds that he feels safest with Andrew behind him more than anyone or anything else. Andrew is Neil’s safe place. Whether that be to sleep after a nightmare or even in a crowded public place on one of Neil’s ‘bad days’. Andrew at Neil’s back meant he was safe, they both were. Neil knows he can rely on Andrew, Andrew is family to him now.
Neil adjusts himself to get comfortable in this position by sliding further down the couch so that his head could rest on the left side of Andrew’s chest just below his collarbone. Andrew slowly reached past Neil to grab the knitted foxes blanket on the back of the couch. Nicky, after learning how to knit from Matt, had made one for everyone in the team last Christmas after a bet was placed that he wouldn’t be able to manage it on time (he did). Andrew draped the blanket over Neil’s body and his legs. He twisted to see the side table behind him so that he could switch on the second lamp, just to make the room a little lighter again. Some time had passed since Neil’s attack and the sun had set, the room had gotten significantly darker. Although Neil’s panic attack was over now Andrew guessed they could expect nightmares tonight.
Neil shuffles again against Andrew so that he could lie on his side against his chest pressing his ear to Andrew to hear his heartbeat, not that Andrew knew this. Neil with great effort said “Drew, could you put your arms around me?” hoarsely. Andrew, despite being given consent by Neil to sit behind him never assumes that gives him consent to do anything further. Neil is not normally so direct with what he wants, usually letting Andrew take the lead with things in terms of physical touch with consent from them both of course. In this kind of vulnerable situation however, Andrew appreciates Neil being clear and direct with what touch he is and isn’t ok with. After making sure the blanket was completely covering Neil, Andrew wound his left arm behind Neil’s back and around waist. His right cradling Neil’s head with his hand brushing Neil’s cheek before tangling in the hair at the back of his head. Neil relaxed into his touch and let out a sigh of both exhaustion and relief, his panic attacks usually took it out of him. Andrew squeezed Neil’s body slightly with the arm around his back as he knew Neil preferred him to have a more secure hold of him as opposed to a more gentle hold after panic attacks to keep him grounded. Andrew leaned his head down to press a kiss onto the top of Neil’s head, Neil sighed before sleepily nuzzling his face into Andrew’s chest.
Andrew was cautious not to move much, besides the hand in Neil’s hair, once in this position. He knew it was better for Neil to get as much sleep as he could tonight despite it being pretty early for them. He knows Neil’s most likely worn out from the attack as well as the threat of nightmares during the night, he should help Neil sleep while he still can. Again Neil whispered “Drew?” while tilting his head back against Andrew’s hand and squinting to look up at his face. Andrew gave a tired hum as a response looking down at Neil, his own eyelids feeling heavy. “I’m here, I’m not going anywhere.” Andrew whispered while leaning Neil's head against the back of the couch so he could cup Neil’s face in his hand “Try and sleep here for a bit?” he continued as he brushed his thumb against the scar on Neil’s cheekbone. Neil blinked slowly as fought to keep his eyes open watching Andrew. Andrew kept stroking his face consistently until Neil was asleep. Neil was now completely relaxed in Andrew’s arms, his chest rising and falling slowly as he slept. Andrew was still watching him. Neil's cheeks were somewhat flushed and his face still blotchy from the crying. Andrew's thumb rested over the scar on Neil’s face; he moved it to the side and winced while looking at the scar, not in disgust but in anger. Anger at anyone and everyone who has ever laid their hands to cause him pain, including himself wincing again as he thought back to their early interactions. Neil has similar scars covering most of his body inflicted in various ways by various people, Andrew has seen them all. He hated it, not the physical scars but the mental ones that those injuries left behind. Neil has endured so much pain and torture throughout his whole life from torture, from random violent attack while on the run and scars left by his parents. Neil was the strongest person Andrew knew and he admired him for still being here despite everything.
Andrew rarely lets his emotions show through his facial expressions but right now it didn’t matter it was just him and Neil. Andrew let his softest expressions out when he was alone with Neil. Andrew had titled his head to match the angle Neil’s face was at as he studied his face. Even though Andrew was checking for signs of nightmares his face displayed the fondest expression he was capable of. The faintest of smiles painted across his lips, he was so proud of him. These expressions may not even be noticeable for anyone that saw Andrew at first glance; they were so subtle. Neil is one of the few people that can pick up on them. Andrew loves Neil more than he knew it was possible for him to love someone. Andrew would do anything to protect Neil from any further harm and knew that Neil would do that exact same for him. Andrew fell asleep a few minutes later.
---end.
Dinners were never fun anymore. Once, many moons ago, Beth adored going to dinners. She adored the fancy dresses, the music, the buzz of the room.
Now, she despises them. She despised them because she despised Benny.
Benny stood with a glass of champagne in his hand, laughing and charming the little group of girls around him. Benny, who didn’t pick Beth up at the airport.
Benny, who was Beth’s husband. And who was most definitely having an affair.
Beth was exhausted, her eyes burned in her skull. She was still jet lagged from Russia, emotionally exhausted from saying goodbye to Borgov, something in her bones told her it was their last goodbye. Something in her bones told her Borgov was sick.
And then she flew into New York, and there was no Benny there. That was when Beth knew that they weren’t playing games anymore.
“So, when do you need a lawyer?” Edith asked, coming to stand next to Beth. Beth frowned, looking at the photographer.
“Why?”
“I heard a rumor that Mr and Mrs Watts are getting divorced.”
“Who did you hear that from?”
“The walls talk for the right price,” Edith answered, sipping her drink.
Beth looked at her, then looked back round to where her husband was standing laughing, his hand pressed to the small of some girls back. Beth grit her teeth, watching him carefully.  She knew Benny inside out now, she knew every move he made. She knew which moves were polite and which moves were with romantic intent.
Beth grabbed the glass of sparkling apple and downed it. He was cheating on her. He was bragging about it in front of her.
Like a warrior going into battle, Beth grabbed her purse and walked over to him.
“We’re going.”
“Ah, Beth. Please meet… sorry, what’s your name again?”
“God you don’t even know their names?”
“It’s Julia,” the blonde smiled, Benny wrapped an arm around Julia’s shoulders.
“Julia is very interested in chess,” he explained.
“We’re going home. Now.”
“I just telling her about-”
“You were telling her nothing. She’s no interest in chess. She’s been looking at your dick for twenty minutes and twirling her hair like some piece of trailer trash. Are you even legal?” Beth asked Julia. When the girl gave no answer, Beth looked at Benny.
“Now.”
Benny sighed, rubbing his chin and tipping his cowboy hat to Julia, settling the bar tab and going to grab his coat, following Beth out the building.

*

The taxi drive home was filled with silence. Beth watched as the rain drops chased each other down the window, blurring the lights of the city in their wake. She had grown to hate New York. She had grown to hate everything. Nothing seemed to thrill her, only the idea of going to Kentucky for holidays.
Benny was sitting, cigarette dangling between his fingers.
“Are we talking about this?” he asked.
“We’ll talk about it when we get home.”
“I didn’t know, Beth.”
“I said we’re talking about this when we get home,” she repeated. She felt her throat close up. Beth kept her eyes focused on the blurring world. Was the rain getting heavier and blurring her vision or was it tears?
No. Beth would not be so childish as to cry over a marriage that had been dead for two years now. She wiped her eyes, swallowing the pain inside her away.
She could feel Benny watching her, she could feel him reach out to take her hand but she pulled away.
“Beth.”
“We’re talking about this when we get home.”
“I need to walk Pieface when we get home.”
“Do you not see how heavy it’s raining? Pie can wait. She hates getting her paws wet.”
“He. Pieface is a he.”
“Still wish you never bought him,” Beth muttered, looking at the space between them. Once when she was younger, there would have been no space between them. Once, they had been Romeo and Juilet. Once they had been star crossed lovers, the world at their feet.
Now, the fantasy was dead. Now, their story was finished and reality kicked in.
Sure, Romeo and Juilet both died at the end anyway, why would anyone want to be them?
“I hate you when you get like this,” Benny murmured.
“Well, I hate you.”
“Mature, Beth. Real mature,” he snapped.
Beth looked at him finally, he looked the same as he always did. No emotion in his face, no light in his eyes anymore.
Had there been a light in his eyes when he looked at Julia?
“You can’t say shit,” she snapped back. “Sleeping with some young thing that was standing at the bar?”
“I was just talking to her.”
“Jesus, Benny. You expect me to believe that?”
“What?”
“Whatever. We’re talking about this when we get home.”
  “Why?”
“Because I said so,” Beth answered. Because if they spoke about it here, Beth would get out of the taxi and walk into the traffic. She would walk through the pouring rain until she was in Kentucky. She would do anything to escape this.
Since when did her marriage become like Alma’s? Since when did it fall apart?
At a point, Beth knew she would have stopped death for Benny, now she wished it on him. It’s not that she wanted him to die, she just wanted to escape this.
Whatever this was.
She had survived addiction, car crashes and society. She survived heartbreak. Yet part of her felt she would not survive this. But, Beth had known from the start Benny would be her beginning and her ending.
The rain still rolled down the windows. How Beth envived the sky for being able to cry so freely. At this point, she felt nothing could make her cry. Just another reason why Beth was broken.
Eventually, the taxi drew to a stop. Benny passed him the money then got out of the car, holding the door open for Beth. She climbed out and stood there for a moment.
The rain was relentless, hammering down on her but she stood there. She let it wash over her.
“Beth! Fuck sake,” she felt a jacket being thrown over her shoulders as she was pushed inside into their apartment building. Beth caught a glimpse of herself in the mirror and sighed, she looked like a drowned rat now. Mascara running down her face like some sort of tragic painting, left in a forgotten Paris museum.
Benny stood in front of her, he was also soaked. A few strands of hair lay askew on his forehead, rain dripping from his nose.
“Are you ok?” he asked, his hands resting on her shoulders.
“We have things to talk about,” she answered, pulling away from his touch and walking to their rooms.

*

Beth took her time as she dried herself off. She threw the good dress into the bin, there was going to be no saving it. The precious material was ruined beyond repair now.
Now, she stood in a dressing gown and her hair wrapped in a towel. Benny hadn’t changed, still in his party gear and cowboy hat.
“Who started the rumor, Benny?” Beth asked, standing at the top of the steps in their living room. She looked at him, the acclaimed Benny Watts. The man she had invited into her life, the man she had married on a whim.
Something Beth had found was there were a lot of award ceremonies to attend when you were both the greatest chess players in the world. There were a lot of dinners, a lot of meet and greets. There was no privacy anymore. Beth could nearly recite Benny’s acceptance speech now she had heard it that many times.
“I didn’t cheat.”
“I didn’t ask that.”
“I didn’t cheat, Beth.”
“And I didn’t ask that,” Beth snapped, walking into the living room and turning the TV off to make him look at her. “I asked who started the rumor.”
“I didn’t-”
“The rumor is that we’re getting a divorce. Which is a mighty fine fucking strange thing to hear when you’re at a prize giving ceremony.”
Benny rubbed his face, taking his goddamn awful cowboy hat off and running his fingers through his hair, looking up at Beth.
“Look, Beth, I'm really tired.”
“You’re tired? I just flew back from Russia, expecting to be greeted at the airport by my 
    husband
   and instead am greeted by some taxi man.”
“Don’t talk shit about Terry, he’s just doing his job. And that was yesterday morning, how have you still not let this go?”
“He’s not my husband,” Beth hissed. “I just flew back from Russia, and I hear that there’s a rumor we’re getting divorced.”
“It’s just chitter chatter.”
“Maybe I should divorce you,” Beth mused, looking at him. She had married him too quickly, she had only been nineteen when it happened. And she had truly thought she was happy with him.
And some days, she was. Some days they were happy together. But they had been married for over seven years now, and the bad days were starting to outweigh the good. It started when they couldn’t have kids, and seemed to just go downhill from there.
Then the walls began to whisper. That Benny wasn’t faithful. That Benny was running around. Beth could tell, because he hadn’t made her cum in six months.
“I think you’re being childish about this,” Benny muttered, looking at her.
“Get fucked, Benny.”
“I fucked you last night, and you weren’t complaining then.”
“I faked it.”
“You…” Benny’s face dropped when he registered the words, looking up at her with disbelief written across his face. “You 
    faked
   it.”
Beth walked over to the fireplace, grabbing her box of cigarettes and lighting one up. There was something soothing about the nicotine burning her throat.
“I faked it.”
“You’re lying.”
“You seem to be suddenly able to read minds or some shit, because you’re telling me what I’m doing an awful lot without me actually telling you.”
“I know when you cum, Beth.”
“How?”
“You let out this noise, right before it, and-”
“Like this?” Beth asked, walking over and leaning down. She pressed her lips to his ear, making the exact noise. Benny was utterly still as she drew back, finishing her cigarette and flicking it into the fire. “I faked it.”
“Having to fake orgasms is not grounds for divorce.”
“No. But cheating is.”
“I told you I didn’t cheat.”
“Then why, 
    why
  , when I tell you there’s rumors going around the first thing your mind jumps to is a rumor about cheating?”
“Because I knew where your mind would go!”
“Again!” Beth screeched. “Again! You’re telling me again what I’m thinking and feeling. You’re not me! You don’t get to tell me what I think, what I feel, what I do! You don’t get that privilege anymore.”
“I damn well could be at this point. It was playing me that gave you a title. It was playing with me that made you great. I got you sober. I gave you everything!”
“Sure, you gave me all that. But you didn’t love me, Benny!”
“I did! I do. I did.”
“You did,” Beth repeated quietly.
“Beth…”
“You did love me,” she repeated again, looking at their house. It was luxury, but it was a white washed tomb where dead bodies lay. This was not a house they created for themselves, this was not a life they created. Perhaps if they hadn’t been so famous, perhaps if the press hadn’t been so involved in their lives, they would have survived.
“It always comes back to chess with you,” Beth muttered.
“It’s always going to come back to chess. What do we have in common except chess?”
“You’re so obsessed with games, you even made our marriage one.”
“Sorry, you were World Champion. You were always the better player. If I made this marriage a game, then you sure as hell won!” Benny shouted, throwing an arm out to gesture at their house, as if he shared her thoughts. As if he shared the thought that their house was a glorified tomb that their lives had been buried in.
They had been happy in his basement. They were hidden from the world there, now they slept amongst the stars and had never felt further apart. 
  “And what if I didn’t want to win? What if I just wanted a fucking husband?”
“Oh that’s it. Sure. Bend and twist the rules to fit your needs once more, fuck what I need, fuck what the world needs. You’re Beth Harmon. No one can touch you. Only you. Only you are good enough for you, because everyone else is scum in comparison to your brilliance.”
“I’m taking the dog.”
“You’re not… you’re not taking the fucking dog.”
“I am,” Beth said, walking from the living room through to the kitchen. She heard Benny following, a door slamming and then her husband appearing in the kitchen in front of her.
“You hate the dog!”
“And I hate the thought of you being happy with the dog even more! So I’m taking Pieface.” They stood opposite each other, the table between them like an ocean. Beth watched every move Benny made, how his muscles were flexing and how he kept forming a fist then dropping it.
“That’s illegal,” he gritted out.
“How is it illegal?”
“Well since we’re getting a divorce now, Pieface is legally mine.”
“Oh so we are getting a divorce now? Is this your mind reading abilities? You should ditch chess and go pursue it.”
“When did you become so spiteful?”
“When did you start cheating?”
“I didn’t cheat.”
“I 
    smell 
  her on you. I know your aftershave, I know my perfume. I smell her. I taste her on your lips. I never liked gin and you liked beer. I see her on you. I see bite marks on your shoulder. I see scratches on your back. I feel her on you. I’m not stupid.”
“You’re paranoid.”
“Pie,” Beth called, whistling for the dalmation.
“Don’t do it, Beth.”
'“I’m taking Pie.”
“You’re being paranoid.”
“Tell me one more time I am being paranoid, and I swear to fuck I will kill you,” she hissed.
Benny stood there silent, then rubbed his face, slowly shaking his head.
“When did we grow to hate each other so much?”
“When we couldn’t escape each other,” Beth answered, sitting on the seat at the kitchen table, rubbing her eyes. “Just tell me, Benny. Please.”
There was a weight to the air. It felt as though the entire city for once was silent to wait and hear Benny’s answer. It was a death sentence to their marriage. It was strange how the truth always did hurt so deeply.
Beth could understand why people lived their life through lies, she could understand that. She could have turned the cheek and been oblivious to the failings of their marriage, but Beth was not made of that cloth. No. Beth was made from the east wind and the salt of the earth, built to thrive on pain and live wild.
“I cheated.”
“When?”
“After Prague.”
“Benny, that was two years ago.”
“I know.” He sounded almost defeated. “I know.”
“Why?” she asked, looking up at him. Benny stood looking at the door, as if contemplating running out it. She wouldn’t let him. She’d beat his kneecaps in before he even reached the elevator.
“I think this is an overdue conversation,” Beth continued. “I think there’s a lot of things we haven’t been telling each other.”
“It’s what we do best, isn’t it? Never give the game away, or the other knows they’ve won,” he chuckled but it was lifeless.
“Sit down, Benny,” Beth pointed to the seat opposite her.
“When did you know?”
“I married you too young, you know. I haven’t lived a life outside of you. 
    You 
  became my life. And I became yours. And there were too many personal and professional clashes. Our entire relationship has been built on the fact we compete 
    against 
  each other. It was bound to hit us eventually.”
Benny pulled out a packet of cigarettes, setting them on the table between them. He took one, lighting it and taking a long drag, needing the pause to think.
“I don’t regret anything I did with you” he eventually said.
“Nor I you,” she answered. “But I think we should have called it quits two years ago.”
Benny leaned back in his seat, undoing his bowtie and setting it on the table then setting his wedding ring on it as well. Beth looked at it, not taking her eyes away.
“I’m still taking Pie.”
“You’re not taking Pie, Beth. You have hated the dog since he came into this house.”
“Joint custody?”
“Why are you so insistent on having the dog?”
“So that I’m not alone,” she answered, still not looking at him. Benny however hadn’t stopped watching her. He tsked quietly, shaking his head and looking away.
“Goddammit, Beth.”
“You brought this on yourself.”
“Yes, I know. I know. You don’t need to keep reminding me. If you didn't have such a complex -"
"If I didn't have such a complex? I'm sorry Alice killed herself, I'm sorry Alma didn't tell me she loved me, but at least I wasn't born with a silver spoon in my mouth and a cactus up my ass!"
"There, see? I try to have a mature conversation with you, then you go off on one!"
"But Benny you're not getting 
    it
  ! You're seeing this through rose tinted glasses. I married you when I was nineteen, you were twenty six. We've been together for seven years now, and now I need to go. And relearn how to live."
Benny's silence was deafening. Beth felt it was burning them.
She just wanted peace.
“Can’t we talk about this in the morning?” Benny asked.
“If we leave this until the morning, I won’t be here,” she sighed. “I’m going to leave, Benny. No matter how the dice is rolled. I need to try this on my own, now. I need to be free. And I love you, I truly adore you, and I thank you for always being there to catch me when I fall. But how am I meant to find my balance if I’ve never had to walk alone?” her voice broke a little. “It makes me feel like a fool sometimes. And… and yes we were in love, but now it’s just dysfunctional. I need to take a chance now, I need to take a chance on leaving.”
Benny wiped his eyes quickly, tilting his head to the light of their kitchen.
“If we don’t settle this now, we’ll never settle it,” Beth continued.
“I don’t want it to end like this.”
“This is much better for the both of us,” Beth said firmly, looking at him. “Things will be better for us. If we split now, if we do it kindly. Quick and painless.”
“Like putting an animal to sleep,” Benny sighed, rubbing his face.
Beth could hear the rain still hammering on the windows outside. The storm in the air leaked into the room.
“Is that what you want, truly?”
“Yes,” Beth answered. “It is.”
“Then I’ll have the papers sent to you for Monday morning,” he answered. “I’ll go stay at Danny’s.”
“You’ll take Pie.”
“Yes, I will,” Benny answered.
Beth looked at Benny, then the flat. She hadn’t slept in this building without him yet. He had always been here. Benny had been all she had known, for years.
“There’s nothing else to say really,” Benny sighed, looking at his hands.
“You brought this on yourself,” Beth added. Part of her wished he hadn’t. Part of her wished they’d grow old together. Now she had to go face the world without him.
“I did. I guess I’m not as good at the game as I thought,” he chuckled, another lifeless one. He looked at Beth then pushed the cigarettes and wedding ring towards her.
“Don't be a stranger, eh?”
“We’ve been strangers for the last two years, Benny,” Beth whispered.
“I know, I know,” he sighed. “Guess I’m just sentimental. I just wanted to give you the world, kid.”
“Except, our version of the world is two very different things,” Beth looked up at him. “No point in being sentimental about it. It’s how life goes. Someone has to leave first.”
“You’re old before your time, Beth Harmon.”
“Goodbye, Benny.”
Beth kept her gaze focused on the wedding ring and cigarettes. There was silence, a gentle whine from Pieface and the scrape of a chair being pushed across tiles.
“Bye, kid. Pie,” Benny whistled, calling for the dog in Polish.
Beth listened as the dog’s nails scratched the floor and listened for the soft click of their door being closed.
He wouldn’t be back tomorrow.
He wouldn’t be back tonight.
Beth lifted a cigarette and lit it, blowing the smoke out and threw her nose.
The rain still battered the windows, the city life still sang. The world still continued on, despite the pain, despite the heartbreak and the misery.
The world still continued on, and so would she.

»Have you always been this vicious with your family, darling?«, Peter asked Stiles when he slipped up behind her in the kitchen.
»They left me with him, Peter. They did not try to contact me once I turned eighteen. I'm not sure I can trust them … especially not with the shit they are spouting,« she answered and leaned back against Peter's chest.
»I'm sorry, sweety,« Peter murmured and nuzzled her long neck before he helped her with the drinks. A moment later they were settled back into the living room.
Helena stared at the exercise bike that stood in the corner of the room. »Why do you need an exercise bike?« she asked. »You're a shifter. You don't need this.«
Stiles snorted. »You do remember I've got ADHD, right? Being a were doesn't actually cure me of the symptoms. I still got an exponentially stronger urge to move around than your average were. So if I can't go out and run in the preserve, I run here. And really … this is totally none of your business. You guys lost the right for information about me when you didn't even come to visit when mom died.«
»Stiles … your mother used her magic to prevent us from attending her funeral. It was her dying wish that none of us would be able to come here with the intention to be near her precious child. She anchored this last spell on Noah and … I guess it perverted everything over the years. We tried to keep an eye on you and him even though we were not able to interact. Some people were working on our behalf and gave us information so we knew you were relatively okay but we simply couldn't reach out,« Celeste tried to explain.
Stiles rolled her eyes. »You know … I suffered for your negligence to reign my mother in. Whatever Deaton did made her really ill … and she constantly tried to kill me because she thought I was trying to kill her. I think she succeeded a couple of times and if it hadn't been for the man who donated his sperm for my conception, I would have remained dead … still … no one intervened because he is the fucking Sheriff and his word is law in this town. I suffered … physically and mentally … and now that I've got people on my side you suddenly are able to come to town and help? Yeah no, sorry … but I don't buy this bull shit and I believe it's better if you leave now before I get really angry,« Stiles said, her voice taking on the rumbling growl of an angry wolf. Her eyes were alight with her anger and when she flexed her fingers, her claws slipped out.
Peter stepped up beside his mate and gently put his hand against the back of her neck, rubbing a slow circle. »Shhh, darling … no need to get this angry. I'm by your side and I'll keep you safe,« he said before turning his gaze towards her family. »You should probably leave and show her you are serious about what you're telling her.«
Kaïs nodded and a moment later he led his family out of the apartment.
Ryley kept his gaze fixed on the ominous void in front of him. The lights of the seamoth illuminated the particles and debris floating aimlessly through the water. He planned on heading to the sea treader path to collect the materials that the sea treaders kick up from under the sand. A faint red blur was visible in the water. As soon as it appeared it disappeared again. Ryley turned on the sonar and heard the familiar ring and watched as the landscape below him was illuminated by a transparent red grid on the hud screen. Roughly several dozen meters ahead of him he could make out the silhouette of a creature. It was reminiscent of an otter with its slinky body and long tail but it seemed significantly bigger than an actual otter. Intrigued by the creature, Ryley stopped the seamoth and entered the cool inky water with his scanner in hand.

“A unique life form has been detected nearby. More data required.”
The PDA suddenly spoke out. Despite the risk Ryley couldn’t help but want to know even more about what lurked nearby. The red blur shot past him without warning and in the direction of his seamoth. It was a hell of a lot faster than anything Ryley had encountered on 4546B. The creature swam around the back of the seamoth and after several moments re-emerged and shot past Ryley again without warning. It didn’t seem to have any hostile intent. It seemed rather curious if anything.

Ryley slowly held up the scanner to try and scan the strange creature. It took several minutes of what the creature seemed to treat as a game of tag before Ryley was able to get a full scan of it. For the first time since arriving on this planet, instead of the usual new file in the fauna section of the information he’s gathered, there was a blank page. The PDA was unable to identify it. Ryley realized his oxygen was running out so he re-entered seamoth and started up the engine. The lights turned on and for a brief moment gave Ryley a good look at what he had tried to scan before it quickly swam away from the light.

It had a slender dark body and a long dark tail with red bioluminescent spots that trailed along its body. It seemed to resemble a human but that description didn’t feel quite right. Ryley turned off the lights again and trailed behind the creature. It headed straight up towards the surface in a vertical position. Rays of sunlight seeped through the ocean surface and down below slowly revealing the creature in full as it and Ryley ascended. Going against every instinct, Ryley got out of the seamoth once more and continued to follow it. The creature leaped out of the water and landed with a splash surrounded by a shroud of bubbles. Ryley stopped and stared at the creature now that it had finally stopped. It had a human body with short curly hair the color of sand and deep amber skin with patches of black scales scattered about. Its hands were webbed and it had a long tail more than half its body length with red bioluminescent spots that lined the sides along with the 6 tentacles at the base of its neck that stretched down to its midsection. There were 2 pairs of what seemed to be antennae on the bridge of its nose and chin, each one tipped with more bioluminescent scales. Yet none of those features could compare to its unnerving yet ethereal six red eyes on its face.
It wore a grey wetsuit that was clearly worn with the sleeves torn and shredded. It looked curiously at Ryley and as the two observed each other the creature suddenly raised its left hand. It pointed upward towards the surface. Ryley swam to the surface and popped his head above the water as did the creature moments later. Ryley wanted to ask so many questions. 
    What happened to you? Are you a degasi survivor? How long have you been here? How did you survive this long?
   Before he could get any questions out the creature spoke.
“You’re infected aren’t you?” They had a masculine voice and they sounded quite young as well, they seemed about in their early 20s maybe their early 30s. Ryley was surprised it knew after barely interacting with him.
“The sickness has a unique scent to it, that’s how I can tell.”
It was almost as if they read his mind and answered his question.

“Who are you?” Ryley finally asked.
The creature chuckled.
“Funny you ask that… I uh…” they trailed off before speaking again.
“I’m gonna assume you have a base somewhere nearby right? It’ll be easier if we answer questions there rather than in the middle of the ocean.”
Ryley was still in awe that there was a (somewhat) human being alive on this planet. Shaking himself out of his thoughts, Ryley nodded and pointed northeast towards the shallows. They both went back under the surface after a moment and Ryley went to retrieve his seamoth. The creature followed the seamoth at a steady pace for several minutes until Ryley's base was within view. He docked the seamoth in the moonpool and climbed out of the vehicle as the creature watched patently. It sank back down and shot out of the water, landing clumsily and nearly falling over before Ryley caught them from behind.
“Well that was a shitty idea considering I haven’t walked out of water in god knows how long.” His voice suddenly seemed tired. Ryley helped the creature over to the observatory where there was a bench.  The creature sighed. “Earlier you asked who I was right?” Ryley nodded.  “I should start by saying I’ve been here for a while and I stopped keeping track of time a while ago although if it helps I crashed here maybe a decade, give it take a few years, before the previous crash. Not the one I assume you were in.”
“Wait, how old were you then?”
Ryley asked.
“I think I was somewhere in my 20s. My memory is pretty screwed up from being here so long so I can’t tell you much.”
Ryley stared in disbelief. He could barley fathom how they were in their 40s when they didn’t look any older than 30.
“Guess that must make me an old man huh?” He gave a lighthearted smile. “You can call me Dune by the way. Like I said my memories screwed up so your guess on my real name is as good as mine.”
“Oh, uh I’m Ryley. It had been nearly half a year since Ryley crashed and had no one to talk to other than himself so finally talking to someone again was more than just awkward.
“Well it's good to meet you Ryley, I’m glad I was able to meet someone after all this time…” They trailed off.
“So what exactly happened to you, I mean how’d you end up like…” Ryley tried to find the right words without sounding rude.
“like something out of a sci fi movie? It happened quite a while ago actually, I think maybe over half a year or so after I crashed or something around there. As you can probably assume I got infected by the kharaa but something weird happened.” He stopped for a moment and stared at their webbed hands before continuing again.
“I probably only had a few more days left before I would’ve been dead but I survived. Over time the infection must have rapidly altered my genetic makeup which caused me to look like this and it went dormant. I’m still not entirely sure how it happened but I have a few guesses. You know that really big skeleton in the lost river, the one with the ghost by it?”
Ryley nodded. “Yeah I pass it every time I go down there.”
“I had a base down there near the skull because I wanted to study it. I collected samples, made measurements, theories, all sorts of stuff because I was so intrigued by it. And it wasn’t just the skull, I also studied the fauna nearby as well.” They rambled on for hours about the things they’ve done and their findings and Ryley happily listened.
Before they realized it, the water had turned pitch black with a plethora of plants and other life forms illuminating the water with their vibrant colors. Ryley yawned as his mind went fuzzy from fatigue.
“Guess it’s getting pretty late ain’t it?” Dune stood up and clumsily began to make his way to the moonpool.
“Hey wait where’re you going?” Ryley quickly asked.
Dune glanced back. “Ah I guess I forgot to mention I usually sleep underwater. I can go about a week above water before any side effects start happening.”
Ryley gestured towards the doorway across the moonpool. “There’s an alien containment just down the hall, you’re welcome to stay here if you’d like.” As dune entered the room they were greeted by a 2 story tall tank with creep vines that  gently waved in the artificial tank along with an eye stalk and dock leaves. Swimming within the tank were 2 small grey and white creatures that darted around happily. Dune looked around and saw a ladder on the right side of the room. They awkwardly climbed up and peeked through the top. There was a hatch on the side of the tank. Dune climbed through and into the warm tropical water. The two creatures excitedly swam over to greet the newcomer. They chirped and trilled as they inspected Dune.
No creature on this planet had ever been this friendly to them before. Dune wondered why he had never seen one before now. Ryley walked past the tank down below towards another hallway that was connected to the room. Dune quickly swam down and placed his hands on the glass with the creatures following to greet him. Ryley smiled as Dune swam by sleepily. The blonde curled up at the bottom of the tank like a cat, with his tail wrapped around him and hands in front of him. He quickly fell asleep along with the 2 creatures that had rested on top of him shortly after. By then Ryley was already passed out in his room and didn’t bother to take off his wetsuit.

Ryley kept his gaze fixed on the ominous void in front of him. The lights of the seamoth illuminated the particles and debris floating aimlessly through the water. He planned on heading to the sea treader path to collect the materials that the sea treaders kick up from under the sand. A faint red blur was visible in the water. As soon as it appeared it disappeared again. Ryley turned on the sonar and heard the familiar ring and watched as the landscape below him was illuminated by a transparent red grid on the hud screen. Roughly several dozen meters ahead of him he could make out the silhouette of a creature. It was reminiscent of an otter with its slinky body and long tail but it seemed significantly bigger than an actual otter. Intrigued by the creature, Ryley stopped the seamoth and entered the cool inky water with his scanner in hand.

“A unique life form has been detected nearby. More data required.”
The PDA suddenly spoke out. Despite the risk Ryley couldn’t help but want to know even more about what lurked nearby. The red blur shot past him without warning and in the direction of his seamoth. It was a hell of a lot faster than anything Ryley had encountered on 4546B. The creature swam around the back of the seamoth and after several moments re-emerged and shot past Ryley again without warning. It didn’t seem to have any hostile intent. It seemed rather curious if anything.

Ryley slowly held up the scanner to try and scan the strange creature. It took several minutes of what the creature seemed to treat as a game of tag before Ryley was able to get a full scan of it. For the first time since arriving on this planet, instead of the usual new file in the fauna section of the information he’s gathered, there was a blank page. The PDA was unable to identify it. Ryley realized his oxygen was running out so he re-entered seamoth and started up the engine. The lights turned on and for a brief moment gave Ryley a good look at what he had tried to scan before it quickly swam away from the light.

It had a slender dark body and a long dark tail with red bioluminescent spots that trailed along its body. It seemed to resemble a human but that description didn’t feel quite right. Ryley turned off the lights again and trailed behind the creature. It headed straight up towards the surface in a vertical position. Rays of sunlight seeped through the ocean surface and down below slowly revealing the creature in full as it and Ryley ascended. Going against every instinct, Ryley got out of the seamoth once more and continued to follow it. The creature leaped out of the water and landed with a splash surrounded by a shroud of bubbles. Ryley stopped and stared at the creature now that it had finally stopped. It had a human body with short curly hair the color of sand and deep amber skin with patches of black scales scattered about. Its hands were webbed and it had a long tail more than half its body length with red bioluminescent spots that lined the sides along with the 6 tentacles at the base of its neck that stretched down to its midsection. There were 2 pairs of what seemed to be antennae on the bridge of its nose and chin, each one tipped with more bioluminescent scales. Yet none of those features could compare to its unnerving yet ethereal six red eyes on its face.
It wore a grey wetsuit that was clearly worn with the sleeves torn and shredded. It looked curiously at Ryley and as the two observed each other the creature suddenly raised its left hand. It pointed upward towards the surface. Ryley swam to the surface and popped his head above the water as did the creature moments later. Ryley wanted to ask so many questions. 
    What happened to you? Are you a degasi survivor? How long have you been here? How did you survive this long?
   Before he could get any questions out the creature spoke.
“You’re infected aren’t you?” They had a masculine voice and they sounded quite young as well, they seemed about in their early 20s maybe their early 30s. Ryley was surprised it knew after barely interacting with him.
“The sickness has a unique scent to it, that’s how I can tell.”
It was almost as if they read his mind and answered his question.

“Who are you?” Ryley finally asked.
The creature chuckled.
“Funny you ask that… I uh…” they trailed off before speaking again.
“I’m gonna assume you have a base somewhere nearby right? It’ll be easier if we answer questions there rather than in the middle of the ocean.”
Ryley was still in awe that there was a (somewhat) human being alive on this planet. Shaking himself out of his thoughts, Ryley nodded and pointed northeast towards the shallows. They both went back under the surface after a moment and Ryley went to retrieve his seamoth. The creature followed the seamoth at a steady pace for several minutes until Ryley's base was within view. He docked the seamoth in the moonpool and climbed out of the vehicle as the creature watched patently. It sank back down and shot out of the water, landing clumsily and nearly falling over before Ryley caught them from behind.
“Well that was a shitty idea considering I haven’t walked out of water in god knows how long.” His voice suddenly seemed tired. Ryley helped the creature over to the observatory where there was a bench.  The creature sighed. “Earlier you asked who I was right?” Ryley nodded.  “I should start by saying I’ve been here for a while and I stopped keeping track of time a while ago although if it helps I crashed here maybe a decade, give it take a few years, before the previous crash. Not the one I assume you were in.”
“Wait, how old were you then?”
Ryley asked.
“I think I was somewhere in my 20s. My memory is pretty screwed up from being here so long so I can’t tell you much.”
Ryley stared in disbelief. He could barley fathom how they were in their 40s when they didn’t look any older than 30.
“Guess that must make me an old man huh?” He gave a lighthearted smile. “You can call me Dune by the way. Like I said my memories screwed up so your guess on my real name is as good as mine.”
“Oh, uh I’m Ryley. It had been nearly half a year since Ryley crashed and had no one to talk to other than himself so finally talking to someone again was more than just awkward.
“Well it's good to meet you Ryley, I’m glad I was able to meet someone after all this time…” They trailed off.
“So what exactly happened to you, I mean how’d you end up like…” Ryley tried to find the right words without sounding rude.
“like something out of a sci fi movie? It happened quite a while ago actually, I think maybe over half a year or so after I crashed or something around there. As you can probably assume I got infected by the kharaa but something weird happened.” He stopped for a moment and stared at their webbed hands before continuing again.
“I probably only had a few more days left before I would’ve been dead but I survived. Over time the infection must have rapidly altered my genetic makeup which caused me to look like this and it went dormant. I’m still not entirely sure how it happened but I have a few guesses. You know that really big skeleton in the lost river, the one with the ghost by it?”
Ryley nodded. “Yeah I pass it every time I go down there.”
“I had a base down there near the skull because I wanted to study it. I collected samples, made measurements, theories, all sorts of stuff because I was so intrigued by it. And it wasn’t just the skull, I also studied the fauna nearby as well.” They rambled on for hours about the things they’ve done and their findings and Ryley happily listened.
Before they realized it, the water had turned pitch black with a plethora of plants and other life forms illuminating the water with their vibrant colors. Ryley yawned as his mind went fuzzy from fatigue.
“Guess it’s getting pretty late ain’t it?” Dune stood up and clumsily began to make his way to the moonpool.
“Hey wait where’re you going?” Ryley quickly asked.
Dune glanced back. “Ah I guess I forgot to mention I usually sleep underwater. I can go about a week above water before any side effects start happening.”
Ryley gestured towards the doorway across the moonpool. “There’s an alien containment just down the hall, you’re welcome to stay here if you’d like.” As dune entered the room they were greeted by a 2 story tall tank with creep vines that  gently waved in the artificial tank along with an eye stalk and dock leaves. Swimming within the tank were 2 small grey and white creatures that darted around happily. Dune looked around and saw a ladder on the right side of the room. They awkwardly climbed up and peeked through the top. There was a hatch on the side of the tank. Dune climbed through and into the warm tropical water. The two creatures excitedly swam over to greet the newcomer. They chirped and trilled as they inspected Dune.
No creature on this planet had ever been this friendly to them before. Dune wondered why he had never seen one before now. Ryley walked past the tank down below towards another hallway that was connected to the room. Dune quickly swam down and placed his hands on the glass with the creatures following to greet him. Ryley smiled as Dune swam by sleepily. The blonde curled up at the bottom of the tank like a cat, with his tail wrapped around him and hands in front of him. He quickly fell asleep along with the 2 creatures that had rested on top of him shortly after. By then Ryley was already passed out in his room and didn’t bother to take off his wetsuit.

“Time and time again, he tried. For you and for himself. It’s a wonder he ever tried at all, after that day. Pathetic, how he thought you would even bother to listen.”

Cascading are the red stairs that— though perpetually tainted guilty of the greatest sin— yields the horrid abyss from a counterpart paradise and keeps the throne of the bastard child— who ultimately rules over all with unpredictable morality that comes and goes— holy. Though anything below the credulous paradise, below in caliginosity, banished and guarded by familiar reapers who bellow shrill cries of past when provoked, could never, truly be holy.

Beside him; the Chimera. Who bares only honesty and echoes truth only heard in the shadow’s cradle, lifeless yet aware in the twisted dark of the child’s kingdom.

“Even up there, you still sense how empty you truly are. Despite this facade you’ve created, it cannot take away the emptiness your mistakes made you feel.  And  despite knowing that, you still refuse to change.”

The rhythmic pitter-patter following their steps beats like clockwork circuits as the duo of immature sinners climb their way to judgment. It fills well the void of near-silenced, ruined only by familiar, far-off cries.

Bound by the hands of the unwilling mortician, the Liar is bound. A chrysanthemum phantasm who weeps lovely promises intended to be whispered into the ears of the Creator that instead become abused when they abnormally shift into terrifying pleads that repeat and repeat but never mean anything. They leave the Creator only displeased and make the greedy thumbs of the chains dig until iris blossoms beautifully beneath their pads and make the Liar squeal in discomfort.

The Chimera sheds no sympathy at his red-herring moans but protects the Truth to his core, intertwining together. Murmuring a murky, nightmarish truth that sweetly suffocates their mother tongue.

The decaying, ashen remains of the Liar watches on: knowing. For now, they stand apart.

In common, only one thing is true: the Creator and the Chimera watch in equal interest.

“That’s why he’s here again, isn’t it?”

Despite his struggle, at the sight of his maker, he brightens still and it’s enough to send a shiver down the spine of the receiver.

“Omori,” he weeps because even as death itself infests around him, tauntingly shrieking his fate, he would never dare call him by that other word, the one he cast away as it is laced with venom and kissed by the dark. The name equally forbidden as he is. “You  have  to help me.”

His voice dies pathetically with a croak and the Creator greedily consumes how animalistic fingers pull and tug on the ragdoll body, cocooning him in devouring touch that makes his lithe body tremble.

“Even now, he wants you to save him again.”

It's true, the Liar is hiccuping as he chokes and chokes and demands to be erased. “Please,” the Liar begs. “It hurts—“ he shrieks. And his tears (alluring so alluring as they roll down freckled cheeks and they’re human and warm and his ) make it oh-so woefully inviting when his voice breaks as he cries and the Creator savors each whimper. “So tell them to let go.”

Something inside the Creator boils and its equal parts shameful and thrilling how he wants to purely indulge.

In the reflection of the cutlass, rusted despite all logic, the unfeeling white poltergeist greets him. From behind, the Chimera’s shadow shields his slender frame. He is still and expressionless, mirroring his own being.

The minute he turns away from the Liar, he’s struggling again and the noise from his struggle leaves the other child delirious where he stands.

“Go on then,”  he calls. “Save him.”

The Liar’s chains separate perfectly when the Creator moves forward, they’re eagerly coiling around petal skin and taking and taking which draw out anticipating notes of agony until the Creator weakens to the ragged staccato of the corduroy sheathed lungs.

Alien heat burns the back of his throat and he’s pushing it down and shoving it all away as he strikes at the command of a familiar and the uncertainty of its cause only bothers him long enough to distract him from how deliciously those slender, marionette limbs still.

“Save him from the loyalty that plagued him and ate away at his body even after it began to fester.”

The Liar sings anguish and it sounds too good against the vile sound of the shank slotting too perfectly into the inviting space of his ribs that spurts the loveliest sanguine juices that run down his arm and flays the flesh underneath the sick, sick matter.

“Save him from the mistakes you made that buried your bodies in the same casket.”

The uncalculated, furious blade drives deeper and twists, tearing everything away and leaving pungent stains on lavender-scented denim and shared mottled bespatters on their skin. Even as the Liar and all his sweet nothings and his unspoken, obvious, ghastly truths are silenced, the hands hold tight through the contorting protest.

“Save him from the fantasy that keeps him eternally imprisoned in your filth, still with your name on his lips.”

The Liar’s cries of stop stop stop please stop help me make it stop— Anything but lucid.

“Save him from yourself, keep one less person from suffering from your mistakes.”

Then the child of the forest— who guards each blade of grass more tenderly than his own being— sputters and chokes when the hallowed space in his chest empties. And even through his anguish, he’s pleading for his creator’s affection. That daffodil mantra, so unfairly divine and whole, always beckoning so precariously needy: for only him. The thick vermillion nectar steadily seeping out of its slit bleeds warmth into black cotton and thaws the flesh beneath. It’s comforting the way he’s disposed of: right at the feet of his creator, begging for mercy long past its life.

The last petal sheds off its stalk and without any more purpose to serve, the fantasy dies alongside its begetter.

Shadowed, angry hands yank the carcass off the ground by those cricket locks and weaves each finger voraciously into his scalp. The sorry, saccharine, cerulean pair that once called him, lost in their cavities to white and curtained by lids that feign merely rest. The way his skin, white as snow, is tarnished by his own warmth, completes him, the Creator thinks.

“Do you get it now? This illusion… you’ve allowed it to isolate you again."

The body makes a revolting noise as it falls, finale of the most befitting execution. It's something the Creator wishes he could keep, but he knows better than to ask of something so selfish, even in his own world.

“Yet even playing the ideal, you cannot help but make him imperfect. Therefore, he is destined to infinitely return here.”

Liquid remnants of the fantasy hit warmth against the calves of the storyteller as he rhythmically climbs the stairs to the pedestal. Internally, he fights the searing mania that tears straight through him when he feels the globe of a skull splinter under the pathetic pressure of his foot. The Stranger, as always, leaves nothing.

“Though maybe if you’re forced to destroy it long enough… you’ll learn to stop clinging.”

Steffi paced around her room. She was nervous, almost sweating from trying to get ready to talk to her boyfriend, Benzene. Benzene, boyfriend, Benzene, boyfriend… that seemed like a weird thing to call someone. She hooked up with people before, but for some reason asking Ben for the same thing was really hard. She wanted to take their relationship to the next level, but she was frustrated with herself for not being able to ask. She had decided that she had to be as obvious as possible and make sure even he would get the message.
Steffi opened her closet. Inside she had stashed a classic Playboy bunny girl outfit, with see-through leggings and a tight leather center that would barely cover her torso. For shoes, it naturally had open-top shiny black heels. It even had a fake fluffy tail and floppy ears on a headband, plus a detached collar with a bell on a ribbon for a tie, and button-on cuffs.  Steffi thought it would make for a fun call-back to the night they had first kissed while being skimpy enough to get his attention.
She stripped down and started pulling the costume on. She didn’t bother putting on underwear. It was a bunny girl outfit after all, any bra straps or panties would show and ruin the look. Steffi just tucked her small breasts into the tight top and wiggled her ass as she pulled the bottom half up. She slipped the headband behind her headphones and ran a hand over the creases in the right legging. She buttoned the cuffs around her wrists, and finally tied the collar around her neck. She tapped it to make it give off a jingle. She took a minute trying to walk around her room in her new heels, trying to get a feel for them.
Steffi heard a knock at her door.
Steffi stopped in her tracks, then swiftly swiped a packet of condoms she had set on her bedside table and shoved them down her top for later. “C-come in!”
Ben’s voice came through the door. “Hey, what is it? You sounded a little worrie- what are you wearing?”
“Oh I… uhhhhh”
“...Yeah?”
Steffi fidgeted, before forcing some words out. “S-so… You wanna do something together? With me?”
Ben looked confused, but he could tell from how red her face was that it couldn’t be superhero business. “Do… something??”
Steffi blushed. “Y-you know…”
She grabbed Ben’s shoulders and pulled him in for a kiss. Ben opened his eyes in shock, but he decided to return it. It wasn’t until she moved one of his hands to her boobs that he broke the kiss and jumped back.
“Wait, Steffi I…”
“You… what?”
Ben scratched the back of his head. He took a second to find the right words. “Don’t you think we’re going too fast? I mean, we only just started dating. We just kissed for the first time a few weeks ago. Maybe we should…”
He shut up when he saw Steffi’s eyes well up with tears. She puffed her cheeks out and blushed, then scrunched her eyebrows.
“Wait, what? I saw how you were looking at the toy of me at the store. Do I need bigger boobs before you’ll want to do it?”
 “...Wait, what?”
“You’re a big jerk, Ben! Big boobs aren’t everything!”
Steffi shoved Ben out of her room and locked the door. Ben turned and reached for the handle again, but stopped himself. He knew he had to let her cool down when she got like this. On his way through the living room, he shared a shrug with Heinrich and left the house.
Meanwhile, Steffi lay on her bed in the fetal position. Her boyfriend turned her down. She probably just made him uncomfortable. To a spoiled child who was used to getting what she wanted, this didn’t make any sense. Ben was supposed to jump at the chance to have sex with her, right? She tried to think of some way to remedy this, but she couldn't think of anything to change his mind. When she realized she wasn’t getting anywhere, Steffi decided it was time for some fresh air.
Steffi looked over at her wall tablet. It was 9:30, the perfect time for a night out. She dragged herself outside and hailed a taxi.

~*~
“How does anyone wear these things…” Steffi muttered after almost tripping in her heels. She usually wore baggy clothes, so this outfit was tighter than what she was used to. Even if her torso was totally free, it dug into her body on the edges and she had to walk way too slow with the heels. She 
    almost
   questioned whether this was a good idea, but decided to have just a little more fun before heading back. It was late, but her dad probably wouldn’t even care. He never forced her to go home before, after all.
A neon sign caught her eye. It only took her a few seconds to realize it was the Fuzzy Navel- she had walked all the way to the part of town with the bar where she first encountered Alter. She immediately abandoned the idea of heading straight back and decided to head inside. Her dad would be asleep anyway, so she could just sneak back in while he was out and he would be none the wiser.
“How is that place even open? Did they not go down with the gang?” Steffi wondered aloud.
Steffi wondered if 42’s hack from forever ago was still there. “I’m already dressed for the part…” She looked down at her fluffy tail and smiled, then gave it a good wiggle. “I guess I can try it out! Ben can't even stop me from getting a drink this time! Woo!”
Steffi strutted up to the door. She barely even reacted when the bouncer blocked her with his arm. She grinned, hoping that he wouldn't recognize her as one of the kids who raided the place just a few weeks ago.
The bouncer gave her a judgemental glare. “Hey, you lost, kid? You look way too young to be going in here.”
 Steffi struck a pose. “Who, me? No way. C’mon, I’m a member, lemme in!”
The bouncer obviously doubted it but moved aside to let her try anyway. Steffi gulped and stepped forwards. She almost let out a sigh when the door’s scanner gave an affirmative 
    Ding!
The bouncer chuckled. “Guess you are. Fine, go ahead.”
“Oh yeah,” Steffi said under her breath. “Steffi wins again.”
She pushed open the door and took in the Fuzzy Navel’s atmosphere. It was just as she remembered it, with all sorts of people crowded the area partying in some sort of animal getup. Compared to their full-body fursuits, Steffi was underdressed.
She was glad a certain weeaboo catgirl wasn’t behind the bar tonight. She took a deep breath. She walked up to the bar. “What's your selection of German malts like?” she asked, putting extra flourish into her voice.
The bartender was, funnily enough, another bunny girl. She had white hair, wore a mostly black and white outfit with black bunny ears and tail, and a brass name tag with the name “Sylvilagus” printed in black letters. She raised an eyebrow.
“We… have a pale ale?” the girl responded
Steffi slid her dad’s card from her boobs and across the counter.
“Well, I guess that’s fine too. Gimme one.”
 Sylvi squirmed behind the bar for a second but ran the card anyway.
“Would you like to open a tab?”
Steffi thought for a second, then shrugged. “Nah, it’s fine. I’ll be leaving soon.”
With that, Sylvi shrugged and handed her card back before turning to get her drink. Steffi couldn’t help but stare at her cute bunny butt through her coat.
Steffi looked up at the clock and saw that it was past midnight, definitely way past time for her to be going home. She took her drink from Sylvi and started to chug it. It was pretty shitty, but that is what she expected from such a sleazy club. She took a few big gulps and set the empty glass down with a satisfied sigh.
“Well, thanks for the drink, fellow rabbit,” Steffi said.
She slid off the barstool. She took a step towards the door but bumped into a tall guy in a leather jacket and jeans. Steffi looked up at him. He was wearing a bear mask that hid most of his face, though she could see his blonde eyebrows through his mask’s eye holes. The bouncer and bartender regarded him as a regular and he carried himself with a frat boy-like swagger. He looked down at her and opened his arms wide. “Oh, hey! I’m super sorry about that. That was totally my fault. Why don’t I make it up to you? I’ll buy you a drink and we call it even, deal?”
“Well, I… I can't, I need to be gettin’ home. And besides, I have a boy-”
The guy interrupted by bellowing to the bartender. “Hey! Get the cute bunny lady here a shot for me!”
Steffi blushed. Cute? Lady? She 
    wished
   the boyfriend she was about to mention was just a bit more like this guy. And this guy didn’t seem so bad… She hopped back onto the barstool. She smirked. She was in charge here, she mused to herself. Might as well take this chump’s free drinks. She beat Jones and Gear, she could run circles around some pickup artist. She would take ‘em and be able to leave any time she wanted.
“I mean, if you’re buying, I’m not gonna say 
    no…
  ”!”
He slid the shot glass over to her. “Please. Call me Ursa.”
Steffi took the shot. “Nice to meet you, Ursa, I’m Steffi.”
Ursa sat down next to her. “Well, Steffi. Want another shot?”
Steffi grinned. “Hell yeah.”
“Yeah, that’s the spirit!” He waved over to the bartender again. “Keep ‘em coming!”
After Steffi downed another shot, he spoke up again. “So, were you about to say boyfriend? If that’s 
    really 
  true, why are you here without him?”
Steffi sighed dramatically. She didn’t feel like laying it all out to a stranger, but it was the easiest way to keep the conversation going. “We’re sort of fighting, I wanted to take my mind off of things.”
The guy smirked under the mask. “Do you fight a lot?”
Steffi thought about it. She didn’t want to answer. Hoping he would take the hint, Steffi just took another shot.
He gave her uncovered back a pat. “That bad? Hey Sylvi! Let’s make them doubles!”
Steffi shivered at the skin contact. She didn’t expect the guy to be actually listening to what he said, but to her surprise, he gave off the impression that he actually cared. He even kept buying her drinks, reminding her of how her dad always spent so much on her to make her feel good. She didn’t respond and took the bigger shot as soon as it came.
“You must really need this huh?” Ursa questioned, shoving another shot into her hands.
Steffi absentmindedly took it right away. “Yeah…”
“Tell you what. Why don’t we get out of here and I can help you forget all about-”
 “Dunn push yer luck.” Steffi quickly interrupted.
He backed off, raising his hands in surrender. “Okay, okay, I was just asking. Just let me know if you change your mind.”
 Steffi just rolled her eyes and took another double shot. “Well… I mean, you are kinna cute, but I gotta get goin’. I gotta get home an’... pet my bunny an’ figure out how to seduce that… big ol’ jerkface Ben.”
 Ursa slumped his shoulders. “Aww, I’m sorry. I didn’t mean it that way. I was just trying to be nice!”
 Steffi shrugged. “Nah, ‘m good. ‘Preciate the effort though. Sehr schmeichelhaft.”
“If you’re gonna go, at least have one more drink. I’ll feel bad if you leave even worse than you came in.”
Steffi narrowed her eyes. “I dunno… I’ve had what? Four… five shots? And some were doubles so… um… how many is that? I think… theyy're starting to hit me now…”
“Are they…? Well, judging by how small you are… I’d say you could have more and still be good to get home.” He could tell Steffi was getting way too drunk to tell he was lying from his voice alone. “What do you think, Sylvi?”
The bartender nodded and winked. “You look good enough to get a few more.” She gave Ursa a thumbs up.
Ursa looked at Steffi expectantly. “See, you're fine.”
Steffi shrugged. She tipped her head back and turned the glass bottom up. After a short pause, she looked back over at Ursa. “...Thanks. I really… I really needed this. You’ve been sehr gut mit mir.”
Ursa nodded. “You’re welcome, Steffi. Happy to help.” He stood up to give her more room to get out. Steffi turned and stood from her own stool, but immediately fell forwards right into him, who stuck his hands out to catch her by her tits. Steffi gasped.
Ursa was in no hurry to help her back up and decided to give her tits a small squeeze. Steffi couldn’t tell if it was intentional or not. He then grabbed her small figure by the shoulders to help her stand back up. “Sorry! Haha, are you okay?”
 Steffi rubbed her eyes. “Ack- I um… I think so.”
Ursa turned and put his arm around her waist. “You don’t look so good. Here. There's a room in the back you can lay down in. I’ll walk you over there.”
 Steffi’s head was spinning. “A-ah… Yeah…”
“Perfect, let's go.” Ursa replied confidently. He guided Steffi to the office room, the one she originally met Natrix in. Steffi felt Ursa’s hand slowly descend to cup her ass, which was only covered by the thin see-through leggings.
“H-heyy… D-” Steffi started.
“Let's just get you back there, then we can do whatever we want.” He began to push more forcefully.
“W-W-” Steffi hiccupped, interrupting her protest. Ursa pushed her through the door to the office and stepped back to close the door. “I-I’m not… I don't-'' Steffi's words caught in her throat. That's exactly what Ben was saying earlier. She didn’t want to be a hypocrite... She looked over at Ursa, who seemed to be on the phone.
“Yep,” Ursa said, “In the back. Come on in.”
“H-huh?” Steffi asked. “Whos-” She hiccuped again.
“Just letting my friends know you’re safe.”
“So…” Steffi twirled a strand of her hair. “Yoouu waannaa fuck me, Huh?”
Ursa tilted his head. “Did it take you this long to figure that out?”
 Steffi was blushing heavily. “I kneew… diidn’t want tooo thouugh…”
“Well… How about now?” Ursa asked.
Steffi reached down her shirt, pulling out the condoms. In her drunken state she didn't notice that in doing so, part of it had dropped down, just barely exposing one of her nipples. She presented the condoms to him. “Doees this aanswer your questiion?”
“Definitely.” Ursa took the condoms, unwrapping one and unzipping his pants. His thick seven-inch dick was already raring to go, gorged with blood and throbbing with power. He took the condom and started rolling it on, the shiny translucent rubber fitting snugly around his cock’s veins and accentuating its features. He dropped his pants and underwear, revealing his powerful legs and even more powerful balls.
Steffi blushed and stumbled to the floor, subconsciously already spreading her legs to show the outline of her vulva. She couldn’t help but stare at the beast between his legs. She brought her arms in and looked up at his face. “Weell? What aare you-”
She was cut short by two more guys entering the room. One was tall with short red hair, wearing brown cargo pants and a black button-up shirt. His lean muscle in his arms and back made him look like a swimmer. The other one was a short, younger-looking guy with black hair and glasses. He seemed a bit nervous, but also the most visibly excited to be there. Steffi tried to pull up her top, but the tape had already lost its stick so it just fell back down.
“Alright, just as promised,” Ursa told the other two. “Steffi, meet Mar and Clement.” The red-haired one, Mar, locked the door.
“Wh-huh?” Steffi blurted out. “Was’ goin’ oon?”
Ursa turned back to her. “They’re here to help me fuck your brains out! The more the merrier, right?”
Steffi just stared. “A-all thrree of yoou?”
Mar smirked. “You have three holes, right?”
Steffi kept staring, the red on her face becoming more and more apparent.
“I-I mean, I guess thass’ trueee…” She reasoned, giggling as she passed out more condoms to the new arrivals. They shot Ursa a puzzled look, but after he gave a quick wink they begrudgingly put them on.
“Well?” said Ursa. “She’s all ours!” He grabbed Steffi, bending her over Natrix’s desk. Mar went around behind the desk while Ursa tore off the bottom part of Steffi’s bunny suit. Mar unbuckled his belt and slid his pants off in one slick motion, exposing his long, semi-hard dick. He stroked it a bit to get it hard, then put the tip right in front of Steffi’s mouth. She felt Ursa spread her legs apart and then line his cock right up against her entrance.
Steffi gasped and cried out. “W-waaiit a sec I-I’m not r-”
The two guys shoved their cocks in Steffi’s holes. The rubbery taste of Mar’s cock filled Steffi’s mouth, while the sensation of Ursa’s thick shaft suddenly penetrating her unprepared pussy shot pleasure and pain up Steffi’s body. She became intimately aware of the shape of their cocks, not even being able to think about anything else as they savored their first thrust. Why was she in such a rush to get home before?
Steffi tensed up and pushed against them at first, but she ended up giving in. When they drew back, she gave out a long, drawn-out moan muffled by the cock between her lips. She closed her eyes, letting her alcohol-flooded mind wash with bliss. Ursa and Mar sped up, thrusting in and out of Steffi’s holes. Her throat bulged and her legs twitched as they alternated pushing in and out, spit roasting a girl half their size.
“This kid is amazing! What a perfect score,” Mar said. “You gotta show me how you do it some time, man.”
Ursa grunted. “It’s because this girl’s obviously a slut. You wanted to fuck me from the start, didn’t you?”
Still hanging back, Clement grew frustrated. “Hey! When do I get a go?”
Ursa and Mar stopped, prompting Steffi to open her eyes and give a muffled complaint. Ursa looked over at Clement. “Yeah, sure, I guess I got carried away. Here, let's get her in a better position.”
The two pulled out of a moaning Steffi. Mar sat down in the office chair and leaned it back. He grabbed Steffi by the waist and sat her on his lap. Steffi gasped as he pushed his dick slowly into her ass, using her spit from before as lube. Ursa went around and pushed the head of his dick up against her pussy, but Clement stopped him.
“Dude, really with the rubber?” He said, clearly not happy about having to wear it.
Ursa shot him a look. “Just use it for now, I have a plan.” He whispered.
“Heeyyy! What's the hold up!” She yelped.
“Yeah, if she’s talking that means her holes aren't all being used.” Mar teased. The smaller guy seemed to be the lowest on the totem pole. He didn't need to be asked twice though and climbed up onto the desk to shove his own rod down her throat. Steffi was loving every second of it. She was just a really drunk 14 year old and had the attention of three grown men. The bell on her collar jingled with every thrust, which only made the guys more excited. They pounded away at all of her holes like animals.
Steffi closed her eyes and let the pleasure overtake her. The alcohol flooding her brain took her farther away from reality, disorienting her a bit. Her head was spinning, and the only sensation she could really latch onto was the three men pumping in and out of her. Clement’s dick in particular was making it hard to breathe, and the lightheadedness she was feeling mixed with the drunkenness in a way that only added to how she felt like she was floating. She loved it.
Steffi was pulled back to the real world when she noticed that they had stopped. She opened her eyes to look around, annoyed at how the fun was at a halt. “What happenedd? Whyy’d youu stop going?”
Ursa shrugged. “We ran out of condoms. You said we had to use them, right?” Behind him, Clement and Mar snickered.
Seffi looked down. The three condoms were tied off and were tossed haphazardly onto her torso, marking that the men had taken her. She held one up, staring almost longingly at the thick fluid inside. She shook her head and frowned. “But… Buut I didn’t even c- I haadnn’t finished yet!”
Mar slid three unused condoms into the trash while she was focused on Ursa. Clement started to speak up, but was quickly shut down with a glare from the tall redhead.
Ursa shrugged again. “All gone. We have more in us, but we 
    respect
   your boundaries. You don't want us to keep going without them, so we won’t. Unless…”
Steffi’s eyes filled with a bit of hope. “Unlless what??”
Mar stepped up to bat. “We do have more in us. If you really want to keep going, we can.” He got in closer, gently teasing her clit and whispering next to her headphones. “Just so you know, raw feels even better.”
Steffi groaned. Her dad always told her to use contraception, even if she didn’t always listen. She was scared of what could happen, but she was both really drunk and really horny, right on the verge of getting off. She decided that it probably wouldn’t hurt, just this once.
“Ffffine! Just do it. I’mm not gonnaa let mmyself be the onnly onne not to C-cum.” She stammered.
Mar and Ursa gave eachother a fistbump. “See? Told you she was a slut. Rich kids like her always are.” Ursa told him.
With renewed enthusiasm, they pounced on her again, not even sitting her down this time. Mar and Clement switched places, but it was clear that her pussy was still Ursa’s to fill first. Mar got up onto the desk for a better angle, while Ursa lifted her up with her legs in the air so he and Clement could fuck her from the bottom. Her leggings now had holes in several places, and her top had fully dropped down.
Ursa and the others thrust into her all at once, driving the air out of her lungs. “Now this is how a rabbit should fuck, don't you think? This is where you belong.”
Steffi whimpered. Mar was right, without the condoms, she could feel them even more.  She felt her back arching and her hips starting to move against Ursa’s on their own. She moaned as the blissful feeling overwhelmed her even stronger than before.
Ursa continued. “You know what rabbits do, right? They get to fuck like this all the time. That's what you really want, isn't it? You would only let us go raw if you wanted us to fill you up, right?
 Steffi’s face became an even deeper shade of red. Even if she wanted to protest, her mouth was occupied. Clement smirked. “You like that idea, don’t you? What a little slut. I bet if you thought you could get away with it, you’d do this every night, wouldn’t you? Well...Time to grant your wish then. You ready?” Ursa taunted.
Overcome with pleasure, Steffi locked her legs around his hips to pull him in. She had given in to her primal urges entirely, and was operating off of instinct alone. Deep down, a part of her even though he was right. The tip of his dick was right up against her cervix as he came, throbbing and unloading shot after shot of his cum straight into her underaged womb. Steffi’s body quaked as she came, her vaginal walls squeezing to milk as much cum out of him as possible. In sequence, the other two men came as well, filling every one of her openings with semen. Steffi was in heaven. She panted, unable to talk or even think after such a powerful orgasm.
“Good girl.” Ursa congratulated. “That was amazing, Stef. How do you feel about round two?”
Mar and Clement grinned.
For what felt like forever, they passed Steffi around, letting each other fuck her holes as they tried different positions. Sometimes one at a time, sometimes all three again. Steffi stopped worrying altogether. After all, she let one guy cum in her, so more wouldn't make a difference, right? It was already too late to go back, so She may as well enjoy it to the fullest. She came over and over, letting out moans of pleasure the whole time.
At the end of several hours of being used as a toy nonstop, Steffi’s slutty bunny girl outfit was in a sorry state. Her leggings had holes spread over them. Her top was peeled down to show her developing breasts, which were red from being squeezed all night. Her ass was the same, though it was still partially obscured by the transparent pantyhose. And of course, cum leaked from her holes. Her entire body was covered in strands of the sticky white goop. It was in her hair, on her headphones, all over her face and chest, and on her clothes. Some was even underneath her clothes, sticking them to her skin. It soaked into her torn leggings, mixing with her sweat to make them damp and sticky to the touch. Steffi would feel gross if she wasn't so drunk that she could barely understand what was happening.
“What a spoiled brat,” said Mar. “She really does enjoy this.”
Ursa lit a cigarette, and took a long drag. “I think I’m spent. What now? It's only 3, so we still have some night left.”
 Clement piped up, still inside Steffi’s mouth. By now she was drunk to the point of just sucking, not even understanding what she was doing anymore. “Why don't we invite some people from outside? We can make ‘em pay us for the privilege.”
Ursa thought for a moment. “You know, inviting people in sounds like a good idea. Why bother charging though? I want to see her get fucked as much as possible.”
Clement argued back “But we’d make bank off her!” He let loose another load with his tip just past her lips. Steffi swallowed obediently.
Ursa glared at him. “From our own? If you want money, get it from her.” He reached past Clement into Steffi’s top. He felt around her soft cleavage, then pulled out her dad’s credit card that she had been using all night. He shook off the various juices and cum. “Hey, Steffi. I think I want to go on a shopping spree. What's the pin on this?”
Steffi looked dazed. Clement pulled his dick out of her mouth to let her talk, leaving a glob of cum to drip down her chin. “Buut that's my papii’s card…” she responded dumbly.
“He’s a billionaire, he won't miss a few thousand right? Besides… if you tell me, I’ll get you some more to drink~”
“Th-ann yoou.” Steffi said. “Iitss… four one eiight niine.”
“See? That easy. I can use this to settle my tab, pay for all those drinks she had. Then maybe see how much equipment I can get for Down before it gets cancelled.” Ursa bragged.
Steffi staggered to her feet, dripping cum onto the floor. “Caan I go noow?”
Ursa, Mar, and Clement all broke out into laughter. Ursa learned in to get really close to her face. “It’s way too early for that… we’re gonna keep going in all night.”
With that he pounced on her face, giving her a deep kiss. He rummaged around her mouth with his tongue, making sure she knew that she was his now. After several seconds of this, he pulled back, and Steffi stayed frozen in a daze.
Mar smiled. “Let’s go get some more guys, I think it’s high time this spoiled daddy’s girl did some charity work for once.”
Clement piped up. “Hey, what if she just gets up tomorrow and uses Plan B or something? Won’t that ruin your fun?”
Ursa smirked. “Body mods kid. My sperm has some chemicals in it that counter most contraceptives. She’s gonna make for a really hot MILF.”


~*~

The next morning, Steffi woke up with one hell of a hangover. The music from her headphones was pounding her skull. She tried to open her eyes, but the sunlight was too much to handle. She sighed and tried to move around. She felt… sticky. She couldn’t remember what happened last night. She remembered going to Fuzzy Navel, and then...
“Don’t try and move. You’re extremely dehydrated. It’s a good thing I found you when I did.”
Steffi recognized the synthetic tones of her friend. “42…?” she croaked.
A bottle of cold water pressed up against her lips. Steffi wrapped her lips around the neck and sucked the water out, which made her almost remember… something, but she wasn’t sure what. The water moisturized whatever was in her mouth, giving the water a bitter and salty flavor. After drinking the rest, Steffi coughed and opened her eyes again. 42 was standing over her, looking both worried and amused.
“Great. I always knew I’d see you standing over my dying body at some point, animebot.”
42 giggled. “I’m glad you can still make jokes. Your father and Ben were worried about you when you weren’t home and didn’t respond to their calls. I managed to track you down by GPS, but I insisted on finding you myself. I had a feeling you would want to be… discreet about what you were doing last night, given your credit card history.
Steffi looked down. She saw her new outfit was torn up and stained, and she was absolutely covered in what she could tell was dry cum. She couldn’t remember what happened, but it must have been wild. She laughed nervously and looked up at 42.
“Hey uh, sorry about calling you animebot. Umm, do you think you could…”
42 nodded. “Don’t worry, I’ll get your clothes for you, as well as some more water to wash you off.”
Steffi just gave a thumbs up and passed out again.
42 walked away smiling. She decided she wasn’t going to tell her about the signs of fertilization she was detecting from Steff’s womb, and the contraceptive-suppressing chemicals mixed in. Knowing her, 42 predicted that she would take plan B and assume it worked, then not do anything until it was already too late. This was a great opportunity to see Steffi’s behavior and reactions through all stages of pregnancy and birth. And if she played her cards right with Ben… maybe she’d get to see some more.
It was only one time.
The one and only time Saiki ever used his powers against someone else.
It had been so long ago, but he never forgot. Really, it wasn't an easy thing to forget.
He wasn't an easy thing to forget.
********************
TWO:
"...and really, we can't be sure that he was actually born a hero. In Cyborg Ciderman: Origin, we're clearly shown that he stumbles upon the soda elixir that granted him full control of his powers, even though the Baron Cola was attempting to protect it; most likely to prevent a hero from emerging and threatening his reign of terror, or perhaps the awakening of another villain, who might grow rebellious and usurp his position."
Saiki couldn't care less when it came to Cyborg Ciderman. Yuuta gave him enough trouble with it, and he didn't feel like spending his time watching the latest episode, but Akechi decided to invite himself over again.
Akechi's visits were growing more and more frequent.
Saiki couldn't care less for accessories. His ring was an exception, because Akechi's thoughts were more than he could handle, in more ways than one. He was almost always near a clock, so he hadn't felt the need to purchase a watch. But the stopwatch feature could come in handy.
-START-
"So if we're talking... about..."
Saiki had moved over on the couch to sit right next to Akechi.
(1, 2, 3...)
"Kusuo-kun, what are you-"
Akechi didn't finish speaking. Saiki interrupted him, raising his hand to hold his face and pulling him a few inches closer.
(11, 12, 13...)
Saiki couldn't decide if Akechi looked scared, or just startled.
Either way, his expression reminded him of how he reacted when he demonstrated his powers.
(21, 22, 23...)
Akechi's skin was so smooth. It almost made Saiki forget that all he could see were veins.
It felt so warm, so real. Saiki could feel the heat of Akechi's skin, slowly rising in temperature, against his lips.
(31, 32, 33...)
Flesh, pink and soft; he wished he could see it. But this was good enough.
It felt different from what he'd expected. Better.
(41, 42, 43...)
Saiki wasn't sure why Akechi wasn't saying anything.
But he didn't want to know what he was thinking. That might have ruined it.
(51, 52, 53...)
Just a bit longer...
This didn't take too long...
(54, 55, 56...)
That was long enough. Any longer would be too risky.
It was best to play it safe.
(57, 58, 59-)
'I'm sorry.'
-ERASE-
...
"Hmm? I apologize, I seem to have lost my train of thought. That never happens to me, so I'm surprised."
'You were telling me about Baron Cola's secret lair? Hurry up, the commercials are almost over.'
"Oh! Right, I think I remember now. Anyway, Baron Cola mentions in episode twelve, season two, that he..."
********************
THREE:
"Thank you for letting me sit on the bed with you. It's much more comfortable than your desk chair."
'You're welcome.'
"I read the first book in the series that you recommended. It was certainly interesting, and I can't say I've read anything like it. However, I wanted to ask you about chapter four, where they mentioned the shift in temperature between moments. I've read up quite a bit on it, and some people theorize that it's due to the pressure in the atmosphere constantly changing, and others say it might be due to the artifact's magnetic pull towards the amulet. Which do you think is correct?"
'Yes.'
-START-
Akechi blinked.
"What do you mean by 'yes'? That's not a valid answer."
(1, 2, 3...)
Saiki's left arm crept up Akechi's side to pull him towards him.
Akechi's head involuntarily rested on Saiki's shoulder. There was no longer any space between them.
(11, 12, 13...)
Time seemed to move slower like this. It wasn't unpleasant, of course.
It was so quiet. As difficult as the quiet was, Saiki figured the noise might have been so much worse.
(21, 22, 23...)

Saiki heard a weak croak from Akechi. Like he wanted to say something, but couldn't.
And his face felt hot, against Saiki's lips. Saiki felt the warmth spread throughout his entire body.
(31, 32, 33...)
No one else could do this. He was the only one.
He'd never be able to do it any other way. It was too much to handle.
(41, 42, 43...)
His breathing was faster than usual. Saiki could feel it against his chest.
His heart was racing; pounding in his head. Saiki could hear it.
(51, 52, 53...)
He didn't let it get to him.
This was easier.
(54, 55, 56...)
All good things must come to an end.
But maybe...
(57, 58, 59-)
'I'm sorry.'
-ERASE-
...
'You dropped your book.'
Saiki leaned over the side of the bed to pick up a book from the floor. It was the book Akechi brought with him, that he'd borrowed from Saiki.
"Oh! Silly me, thank you Kusuo-kun! Now, where was I?"
'Chapter five.'
"Ah, yes! Anyway, at this point in the story, it's been established that..."
********************
FOUR:
"Mmpf mm-"
'Don't talk with your mouth full. Finish first.'
Akechi placed the empty plate beside him. A small 'clink' was heard as the fork bumped against the plate.
"Okay, all done. I was saying thank you for giving me cake, Kusuo-kun. You don't usually let me have any unless I beat you at something first. It was very nice of you."
-START-
Muscles and veins. All he could see was muscles and veins.
They were warmer and softer than they looked. But he didn't dare remove his gloves.
(1, 2, 3...)
He cradled his face in his hand, grazing his thumb on his cheek.
His face heated up again, like it always did.
(11, 12, 13...)
"K-Kusuo-kun..."
His voice trailed off as he felt Saiki's lips against the side of his face.
(21, 22, 23...)
What's the point of this?
Might as well do it.
(31, 32, 33...)
His lips were softer than Saiki's. His lips were chapped and dry.
But they were so warm. Saiki wondered if his lips were warm too.
(41, 42, 43...)
Saiki tangled his fingers in Akechi's hair.
This was more than he could've hoped for. A temporary solution.
(51, 52, 53...)
It was almost sad, he thought.
But it was his own fault.
(54, 55, 56...)
A quick glance at his watch. Too long, and it would ruin everything.
Not a second longer.
(57, 58, 59-)
'I'm sorry.'
-ERASE-
...
'Give me the plate, I'll put it in the sink.'
Akechi handed Saiki the plate; an ignorant smile plastered on his face.
"Thank you! You're so considerate. Chivalry has not died!" he said, waving his hand around and bowing slowly.
'Ah, you're so corny.'
Akechi giggled as Saiki walked out of the room, smiling slightly.
********************
FIVE:
Kuniharu was at work and Kurumi was shopping.
The ring felt cold on his finger, but it'd soon be replaced by warmth.
"Kusuo-kun? Are you alright?"
Saiki sighed.
-START-
'I'm fine.'
Akechi tilted his head to the side, giving Saiki the opportunity to cup his face and pull his head down.
(1, 2, 3...)
A small kiss on his head.
He knew he'd never be on the receiving end.
(11, 12, 13...)
Just as good as always.
Just as quiet as always.
(21, 22, 23...)
The click of the lock.
The handle turned and it interrupted the silence.
(31, 32, 34...)
"Ku-chan? I'm home! I..."
Now it's quiet again.
(41, 42, 43-)
-ERASE-
-START-
Saiki stood up.
Mind control came in handy at times like this. A simple chop was all it took.
(1, 2, 3...)
He almost felt bad, but he knew he'd be fine in a few minutes.
It wouldn't hurt him.
(11, 12, 13...)
She was about to say how cute it was, until she saw Saiki gently rest Akechi's head, limp and still, on the couch.
She stopped herself, and put the bags down on the floor. Her heart was beating faster.
(21, 22, 23...)
"Ku-chan? What's that thing in your hand?"
Right. Every time she'd seen it before, she didn't remember. That is how it worked, after all.
(31, 32, 33...)
She backed up, almost shielding herself with her hands.
'I'm sorry, mom. But don't worry, you won't feel a thing.'
(41, 42, 43...)
She was practically shrieking.
"Kusuo! Stop it! Tell me what's going on!"
(51, 52, 53...)
It hurt him to see her like this, but he might run out of time.
It's best not to even leave a fragment.
(54, 55, 56...)
Her back hit the wall, and he saw her eyes water. She almost never called him Kusuo.
Maybe he could teleport. She was ready to run.
(57, 58, 59...)
She knew him too well. She had seen his powers at their strongest. She moved before he could touch her.
It hurt him and angered him at the same time. Why did she make this harder than it had to be?
(60.)
It was too late now.
(1, 2, 3...)
There was no point to it anymore.
-END-
'Kusuo...'
She ran up to him, crying.
Man, was he stupid.
This wasn't how it was supposed to go.
This was a different kind of warmth. It wasn't the same.
It didn't feel good this time.
"You scared me... Don't ever do that again..." she mumbled into his shoulder.
'I'm sorry...'
A quiet moment passed between them.
It was the most painful silence yet.
"Ku-chan... I hope you understand your mistake."
...
"I don't know how you got that silly idea into you head, that this would work out. I'm a bit disappointed in you."
It stung somewhere in his heart.
"But I forgive you."
"And I'm sure he would too."
For waiting.
For leaving.
'Okay.'
"Kusuo-kun? What happened?"
Saiki flinched as soon as he heard Akechi's voice. He slowly sat himself up on the couch.
Kurumi grabbed by the shoulders and shook him gently.
"Go set things right, Ku-chan."
And with that, she walked into her room and closed the door. The sound of the sewing machine running was the most comforting sound he'd heard all day.
He sat down on the couch next to Akechi. This time, he left a bit of distance between them.
"Kusuo-kun? You look sad? What's wrong?"
It was still quiet.
"You are upset about something, Kusuo-kun. Please tell me."
...
'I'm sorry.'
"For what?"
He felt his shoulders slump.
'For leaving you. And for not telling you sooner.'
Sometimes Saiki hated how Akechi could see right through him, but right now he didn't mind.
It was warm again.
His arms wrapped around him.
This way, it felt better than before.
Maybe because he wasn't the only one any more. Their combined heat was what made it better.
'I missed you. You were the closest thing I ever had to a friend.'
"I missed you too. But you're wrong."
"We were friends. You were my one and only friend. And I couldn't have asked for anyone better."
A small spot of heat.
Saiki's cheek had never felt warmer. Akechi's lips were soft against it.
Maybe returning the watch would leave him with enough money to buy a slice of cake.
He figured he owed him that much, at least.
********************
ONE:
A reluctant slice of strawberry cake.
He wouldn't miss it too much, he supposed.
But he'd missed something else.
'Akechi?'
"Yes, Kusuo-kun?"
...
Three words.
Ten years.
The one and only time.
...
'You talk too much.'
"Ah, you're so mean! But I forgive you."
Hmm.
-CLICK-
He had enough money.
It'd come in handy.
Quite some time after the open mic night that will live in infamy, David discovers that Patrick practices his guitar in the back room of the store early in the morning.  It’s a sure-fire strategy for avoiding David, because as everyone knows, David is not a morning person.
David’s not sure that Patrick knows that he knows.  There are still days when Patrick rolls out of bed at an inappropriate hour to go hiking - David can tell, because when he returns and David buries his face in his neck, he smells like pine trees and sunshine.  And occasionally bug spray, which isn’t nearly as sexy.
One morning David wakes up to an empty bed, and squints unhappily at the clock.  It’s not even seven, but despite tossing and turning for what seems like hours, David hasn’t been able to fall back to sleep.  He’s got a crick in his back which might be a result of his and Patrick’s rather energetic activities the night before, a thought that makes him smile and press his face against his pillow.
He still can’t fall back asleep, though, and now he can’t ignore the need to pee any longer, so he reluctantly climbs out from under the covers.  His back is still twinging even after a hot shower, and he kneads it awkwardly over his shoulder.  What he really needs is Patrick to take care of this problem, Patrick with his strong hands and teasing fingers.
David checks the entryway and finds Patrick’s hiking boots waiting patiently for their next adventure.  Excellent.  Because as much as David would like a massage right now, he’s not about to go climbing every mountain to get one.  But he is more than willing to show up early to work.
He stops at the café to pick up a coffee for himself and a tea for Patrick, and juggles them as he unlocks the front door to the store.  Inside he deposits their drinks on the counter and relocks the door - just because he and Patrick are there early it doesn’t mean that they are open for business.  Well, not that kind of business.  He smiles to himself, again, and feels his cheeks warm.
David never really believed he’d have this kind of relationship, one where even thinking about the other person lights him up inside.  Where the things they do together don’t result in regrets, or shame.  It’s the simple, plain truth that Patrick makes him happy.  And David makes Patrick happy, hard as it is to believe.  It’s a happiness feedback loop.  David lets his smile squeeze his cheeks, and walks towards the back room to find his husband.
The door is cracked open, and David can hear Patrick singing along to his guitar.  It’s not a song he recognizes.  He pauses, listening.
I have failed you
I have failed you
I have lost my way, lost my nerve, I failed you.
The song is folky, soft and lilting.  But most of all, it’s terribly sad.  David forgets entirely about his massage.
But I love you
How I love you
I have turned my back, left you last, but I love you.
It makes David’s eyes well up.  Why is Patrick sitting alone in their store singing such a sad song?
Oh setting sun don’t sink before I’ve found my heart
Heart don’t give up now while there’s still time
Time don’t beat your old retreat, stay a little while with me
Til I’ve looked the whole thing in the eye.
David can’t hold back any longer.  “Patrick?”  He pushes the door open, and Patrick’s eyes flash up to his.  “Are you okay?”
Patrick smiles softly at him.  “Yeah.  Just… going over some stuff I haven’t played in a while.”  Patrick shifts over on the couch, and David melts down next to him, one hand going to Patrick’s shoulder.
“I don’t know this song.”
Patrick nods.  “It’s by the Wailin’ Jennys.  It’s supposed to be for three voices.  The harmonies are really beautiful.  I changed it around a bit-”
“Of course you did,” David murmurs.
“I think it came out pretty well.  Want to hear the rest?”
David’s not sure he does, but he knows that’s the wrong answer.  “Sure.”
Patrick strums for a measure or two, then starts singing again.  He gets to the chorus, “Swing low, sail high,” and it’s lovely, the way his voice rises and the music weaves around the melody.
But then it’s back to the verse, unrelentingly sorrowful, even as the singer declares his love.
I have failed you, I have failed you
I have closed my heart and failed you
But I love you, how I love you
All my days will rearrange to say I love you.
Patrick glances up at David, and David feels the truth in the lyric.  His days have rearranged around Patrick, around their love.
He can’t wait for Patrick to finish the song, he leans close and whispers in his ear.  “I love you.”
Patrick trails off and turns, his mouth moving against David’s skin.  “I know.  I love you too.”  Patrick kisses him, and kisses him again.  Before David knows it Patrick is in his lap, the guitar hastily placed on the ground and Patrick’s hands framing David’s face as they treat themselves to a before-work make-out session.
“Not that I’m complaining,” David says a little while later, while they are straightening their clothes and getting ready to open the store, “but what brought all this on?”
Patrick’s attention is suddenly focused on making sure that every bottle of lavender honey mead in the refrigerator is facing forward, and it takes him a moment to respond.
“I, um, I was moving some stuff around in the back room this morning, and I found this.”  He digs into his pocket and pulls something out, holding it up for David to see.
“My bracelet!  I wondered where that went.”  Probably got stuck behind the couch during a previous back room make-out session.  They’re not that uncommon.
“Yeah, well, it reminded me of that week, you know, when…”
“When you gave me all those olive branches.”
Patrick smiles his upside-down smile at David.  “All the gifts.”
David shrugs.  “Tomato, tomahto.”  But Patrick still looks more nervous than amused.  David closes the door to the refrigerator and puts his hands on Patrick’s shoulders.  “What’s going on?”
“Nothing.”
David’s eyes must give something away - he knows nothing rarely means nothing and Patrick hurries to clarify.
“No, it’s nothing bad, really.  I was just thinking about how worried I was, that I had screwed things up between us for good.  I learned this song that week.  I actually thought about singing it to you, but I could never really figure out how to fit it in.”
“A musical olive branch,” David says, swinging his hip against Patrick’s side and wrapping an arm around him to bring them closer.  “So you had the idea first?”
“It wouldn’t have been as sexy as yours,” Patrick says, and now he’s relaxing against David, his smile coming easily.
“I am the reigning king of musical olive branches,” David says, and Patrick snorts at him.
“I don’t think musical olive branch competitions should be a thing.”
“But if they were,” David says, moving in to kiss Patrick some more, “I’d be the winner.”
There’s a knock on the front door, and they pull apart to open the store and get on with their day.  But every once in a while David catches a sparkle in Patrick’s eye.
The next day, lying in bed and enjoying the ability to sleep in on the weekend, David has completely forgotten about their conversation.  Until Patrick bounces on to the bed, guitar in hand.
“I have a better song for you,” he says, grinning as he strums.
“I’m not even awake,” David complains as he sits up and brushes a hand through his hair.
“You’ll like this, I think.”  Patrick shifts around, sitting cross-legged and facing David.  It’s a good bet - David loves when Patrick plays for him.  Although he hopes this song isn’t as sad as the last one.
Patrick starts singing, and David smiles.  “I recognize this.”
“The Wailin’ Jennys do a version of it, I’ve sort of combined their vibe with Dolly’s.”
“Of course you have,” David says.
It's been a long dark night 
And I've been a waitin' for the morning. 
It's been a long hard fight 
But I see a brand new day a dawning.
Patrick stops playing the guitar and just sings, his voice soft and strong as he gazes at David
I can see the light of a clear blue morning
I can see the light of a brand new day
I can see the light of a clear blue morning
Everything's gonna be alright
It's gonna be okay.
David should be used to Patrick singing his feelings by now.  But it still gets him, every time, and makes him fall in love just a little bit more.
"You know Pyrrha's going to kill you for closing early right?" Blake asks with a smirk and a perfect brow raised.
"And she ditched us on A Friday when FNKI was headlining, she can suck it up." Yang said with a laugh, smile bright enough to light the night sky. "So, what should we do first? We could enter the raffle to win a cow? I think Ruby's over there with Maria... Might be able to rig it." She grins as she just starts walking.
"I'm not sure my landlord would like it very much if I brought home a cow... It was hell to get him to let me have a cat."
"You have a cat?" Yang cocks her head, a soft smile on her face. "I didn't know that."
Yang adores the look on Blake's face, the slight dazzle in her eye as she spoke about her cat of all things. "He's a little black cat, I found him eating out of the trash and took him in." Yang knew Blake, but some things would always be a mystery. The way her voice would get quiet talking about her family, her past, Yang knew there was a rough relationship but nothing more. "But I think you promised me some cheap carny toys." And there's that little spark back in her ambers, the one that Yang was head over heels for.
"You're absolutely right." She smirks, offering her elbow, Blake tosses her head back in a laugh but loops their arms together nonetheless. "Alright, let's go."


Blake stares at Yang, ears flicking ever so slightly, but it's a movement Yang easily picks up on. "A fishing game? Really?"
"Okay, okay, but Ruby and I do this every year! It's tradition!" She turns to the woman running the stall, a faunus with a shaggy golden tail. "Isn't that right Lily?"
Lily snorts, bringing forward two metal poles with dull three prong hooks on the end. "They do, and Yang here fails everytime, Ruby always manages to get the big prizes." She says pointing to the stuffed animals hanging at the top of the tent.
"Hey! You definitely didn't need to tell her that." Yang huffs, grabbing the poles, handling one of them to a smirking Blake.
"Alright, you're 'fishing' for these," Lily holds up a battered looking plastic shark with a circular ring embedded into it. "Each has a mark on the bottom," She flips the three display sharks over, "the ones with the black 'X' are worth one point, green is worth three, and red is worth five. There's also a single one with a golden circle that gives you a choice to any prize. You get three shots."
The stall is a small pool of dyed blue water so you can't see the sharks underneath, Yang steps up with a grin. "I'll show you how it's done Blake, I'm going to get that golden shark."
Blake just laughs, stepping aside, "Please, show me your moves, Yang."
Yang actively ignores the emphasis she put on her name in favor of swirling the hook around the pool. She does it for at least thirty seconds before pulling up, hooking four sharks between the three hooks. Yang feels giddy, oh she's totally going to win Blake that bear.
"Oof, all black, four points." Lily says, tossing the sharks back in the water with a small splash. "Two more attempts Xiao Long."
"I'm half convinced you only put those ones in when I'm playing." Yang mutters.
And, as if she's under a curse, her other two shots went even worse. "Damn, you didn't even break ten points." Lily says with what seemed to be actual pity. "I could give you another shot, see if you can get to the next level and impress your girlfriend?" She offers.
"She's not my girlfriend." Yang grunts, staring at the murky water as if it betrayed her.
"Aw, c'mon babe, impress me." Blake gives a smirk, a teasing spark in her eyes as she drapes an arm over Yang's shoulder.
Yang turns her head, one brow raised, "How 'bout you show me your moves, babe.” She shoots back, getting a laugh from Blake.
"As you wish." She smirks, letting the pole drag through the water slowly, squinting at it, entirely focused before striking with precision, lifting the pole up.
"Oof, only two." Yang says, though the smirk is still there.
Lily cackles, drawing both girl's attention as she lifts the two sharks. A gold circle and a red 'X'. "Looks like you could take a few lessons from her."
"Can we give Yang my five pointer?" Blake teases, glancing back to the blonde. "Then she'll have broken ten points."
"Well I'm not supposed to, but for such a loyal customer..."
"Oh you two are just mean." Yang pouts, before smiling. "But I'm definitely not above pity points! Alright Blake, since you're so amazing, pick out whatever you want." And it's back to a bright genuine smile.
"By the way, you guys can trade in toys at any of the other games to sort of level them up until you get the big ones." Lily says, leaning against one of the poles.
"Yeah, yeah," Yang waves a hand, scrutinizing the toys that probably cost fifty cents to make. "But no one ever gets the big toys."
"I don't know, your girlfriend here seems to be pretty lucky." She teases as Yang glances over to Blake, carefully looking at each stuffed animal, the colored lights flashing in amber eyes.
"Still not my girlfriend." Yang says with a stretch, "I'd like this freak of nature please." Yang points to a bear that's maybe the size of her hand, green and bright pink.
"I think I want that one." Blake points up to a tie-dye looking fox.
Lily quickly unhooks both, passing them to each girl with a smile, tugging Yang's sleeve back as Blake started walking.
"She's cute, don't botch this like you always botch my games." Lily smirks, Yang rolling her eyes.
"You know she heard everything you just said right?" Yang points ahead to an ear quickly turning forward. "It's fine, I'll see you around." Yang gives a wave before meeting up with Blake. "It's impolite to eavesdrop."
"It's impolite to talk about someone behind their back." Blake reatorts with a grin.
It makes Yang laugh, "You got me there." She looks around for a moment. "We've known her since we were kids, she's sort of like a weird aunt to me and Ruby, the kind always trying to get me a date."
"It's cute." It's all Blake says for a while before she looks back to Yang. "So, how about you show me a game you can actually win at."
"Oh it is on Belladonna." Yang smirks, grabbing Blake's hand and dragging her forward.


"Nora? How the hell did you end up here?" Yang stares confused at the pink haired girl holding up the heavy hammer. "Wait, is this why you couldn't help me and Sun!"
"Xiao Long," Nora nods sagely, completely ignoring her questions. "I was told to make sure you only get one chance, apparently you've abused your privileges of having giant muscles in the past."
"Oh, well at least I'm not banned anymore..."
"Truly a rebel aren't you? Breaking all the rules." Blake smirks, nudging Yang with her elbow.
"Oh you have no idea-"
"So you two finally decided to go out, huh?" Nora says casually, handing the hammer to Yang.
"No," Yang says with a smile. "And I will absolutely drop this on your foot."
"You wouldn't, Pyrrah would be pissed."
"Pyrrha also ditched me and Sun, she can suck it up." Yang counters.
"Yang's just mad because I kicked her ass at the fishing game." Blake pipes up, Yang giving her a look of absolute betrayal, before her lips twist into a smirk.
"True, but," And Yang heaves the heavy hammer over her shoulder, muscles flexing under her sports bra, Blake unabashedly following each movement. "I'm good at this sort of things, make sure to watch closely." She shoots a wink over her shoulder as she heads towards the strongman's test.
"Oh my god stop flirting and hit the thing." Nora groans.
Yang just laughs in response, widening her stance and heaving the hammer up over her head, bringing it down with all her force. She knows Blake is watching her broad back, watching the way the muscles underneath move with every shift.
The metal ball slams into bell letting out a loud ding drawing over a few gazes. "Damn, I think you dented it..." Nora mutters as Yang hands the hammer back over.
"So, what did you think?" Yang asks, head cocked and a glint in her eyes.
Blake smirks, stepping right up to Yang so she has to crane her neck up. "Very impressive." It was low, almost a purr, another volley in this game they've been playing for years, one day it would implode either disastrously or fabulously.
"Dear gods stop eye fucking each other, pick your prize and leave." Nora fake gags.
They just laugh, Yang stepping away, sweeping an arm down to the prizes. "Choose whatever you want." And Yang couldn't help her smile when Blake's eyes light up again, it made Yang wonder if she'd ever actually wandered the fair before.
She watches Blake look through the prizes with the same intensity, taking her time before Nora sighs. "I literally don't care what you take, even the big ones." She shoots a wink to Yang who just rolls her eyes.
"That one." Blake says immediately, pointing to a giant stuffed yellow dragon, practically half the size of the faunus. Nora just nods, pulling the toy down and handing it to Blake who hugs it tight. Yang can't help but think it's cute.
"Alright lovebirds, scram, I've got other customers." Nora grunts, shooing them out.
"So, what do you think about your cheap carny toy that will probably fall apart in a week?" Yang asks with a smile, bumping arms with Blake.
"I love it." And gods Blake's voice was soft as she glanced up to Yang. "I think it's my turn to repay the favor."
Yang simply raises an eyebrow before nodding. "Show me what you've got Belladonna."


"You know these things are rigged right?" Yang whispers as they approach one of the few games that let you automatically win a big prize.
The carny looked a bit sleezy, greased back mullet, missing tooth, eyes wandering to places that aren't their faces. Yang didn't know this one, so she made sure to put herself between him and Blake.
"Well hello there little lady!" She shouted, hopping off the counter with a grin. "Would you like to play this fine game?"
Blake tilted her head, an innocent smile that made Yang stifle a laugh. "I'd love to, but it's my first time."
"Well, I'm not supposed to, but I could always give you a warm up round? Let you get a feel for it." He grins, gods he's playing right into Blake's hands.
After a nod and brief explanation that to win she had to completely shoot the star out of the center of the page, he handed her the bb-gun that was tethered to the counter. Blake held it for a moment, shifting its weight as she brought it up and fired. Her shot went to the corner of the paper, Yang raising a brow, she was pretty sure Blake didn't do that on purpose. She spent the rest of her rounds firing randomly, the last one hitting dead in the center.
"Oof, let's hope that practice round pays off little lady!" Yang watches Blake's ear flick in irritation but neither say anything as he sets her up again.
Blake breathes, eyes narrowing in on her target as her arm tilts low. Then suddenly, a rapid fire of shots, too fast for Yang or the carny to track until, before their very eyes, the red star in the center of the paper falling to the ground.
Blake stands straight, placing the gun back in it's slot, turning towards the stunned man. "You shouldn't give people practice rounds, it gives them a chance to figure out which way the barrel is tilted." And she still has that sweet smile on her face that makes Yang want to cackle. "Babe, pick anything you want." She gestures to the large stuffed animals.
Yang doesn't even have to think about it, not when her eyes land on a giant Black cat with adorable yellow eyes. "That one please." Blake seems pleased as well as the still dumbfounded man takes the toy down and hands it to Yang.
"So, were you watching?" Blake shoots a glance over her shoulder, Yang hardly a step behind her as they head further into the fair.
"Yeah, it was pretty fucking hot." Yang grins, moving next to her. "Where'd you learn to shoot like that?"
"I used to go hunting with my dad as a kid, some skills you never lose." She had a small smile on her face, almost sad, lost in memories.
"Well I think it's cool." Yang hums, adjusting the giant toy. "I have one more tradition that Ruby and I do, but you don't have to if you don't want to."
That makes Blake stop and turn, curious. "What would that be?"
"Well, just about the time the concert ends, the fireworks go off." Yang explains, free hand gesturing around. "Best place to watch it is up there." She says pointing to the ferris wheel.
"Yang Xiao Long, are you trying to woo me?" Blake smirks, taking a step closer.
Yang lets out a huff of a laugh, head tilting lazily. "Of course not, besides, you don't do relationships, remember?” Yang shoots back with a grin.
"You've got me there, alright, let's go." And just like that, Blake starts walking.
Yang knows one of these days something is going to happen, she's certain Blake knows too. Really both of their stations know at this point, but neither of them do relationships, so whenever this does happen, it'll be the end of something.
Yang doesn't want this to end.


"Do you know all of the carny's here?" Blake asks with a raised brow as the ferris wheel slowly spins, bringing them higher off the ground.
"I told you, I've been coming here since I was a kid, it's mostly all the same people, and they know me and Ruby's traditions." She looks out over the horizon, the sun has already set, so she can't see a damned thing. Yang wonders if Blake can, if her eyes are that good to be able to spot where the trees meet the sky. They come to a stop at the very top of the ferris wheel, a grin slipping on Yang's face. "You ready?"
But before Blake could answer, that horizon was lit up, exploding into all different colors and shapes. Yang doesn't watch it though, she watches the awe on Blake's face, the way each explosion seems to sparkle in amber eyes, the way her ears tilt back at the loud noise before straightening again.
Yang's in deep, she knows it, she knows it'll end in nothing but disaster, but she can't tear herself away from the faunus. She's fine if it all goes up in flames, her job is to rescue things from the ashes, so it would be okay.
"Wow... It's so pretty from up here." Blake mumbles, Yang barely managing to look back towards the fireworks as Blake turns her head.
"Sure is." It's all she says, quietly as the show roars on in the background.


Yang was a bit surprised, as they headed back towards the gates, Blake slipped their hands together, eyes forward even as Yang glanced over. Neither said anything, Yang just giving her hand a squeeze as they silently headed out.
"Thank you Yang, for everything." And everything was soft, from her voice to her face as they made it to her car.
"Always happy to show a pretty lady a good time." It was meant to come out teasing, but all the edge was lost, the bustle of people around them trying to get to their own cars.
Blake's laugh was quiet, but she didn't make a move to get into her car, so Yang didn't make a move to walk away. Both stuck staring at each other, giant stuffed animals in hand.
Yang opened her mouth, but Blake spoke before she could utter a word. "Do you want to come over?" It was forced out in one breath and Yang's brows rose.
"I do but..." She watches Blake deflate slightly, she has an early shift, she should go home, attempt sleep, she still has Ruby to worry about... But Blake's ears droop, arms wrapping around the dragon a bit tighter. How can she say no to that? "Hang on."
Yang drags out her scroll, thumbing through it until she manages to reach her sister's name. A brief conversation on how Weiss was willing to take her home, and how Yang herself wouldn't be home at all, before turning back to Blake.
"I'm all yours." And Blake practically lights up, shifting around the otherside of the car, placing the dragon in the backseat, Yang doing the same for the cat.
"You ready?" Blake glances at Yang, and there's a shift in the way she looks at her, something small, but there is still something different.
"You know it, babe." Yang grins as Blake snorts, turning the car on to head to her house.
Yang wonders how this will end, it all depends on tonight, whether their world goes up in flames or is easily satiated. It leaves a churning in her stomach, anxious, excited, curious as to what the night will bring them.
It should be noted that Alec isn’t the best at talking to attractive men, and he often missed the signs someone was flirting with him. He’s tall, pretty muscular from the work he does on the family farm and has been told on more than one occasion that he doesn’t outwardly appear friendly. So, it was an understatement to say he was surprised when the most beautiful man Alec had ever seen pulled up to his farmstand on a  motorcycle  with a leather studded satchel full of honey strapped on the back and talked to him for nearly two hours.
Alec could barely remember what they talked about, other than selling Magnus’ honey and horseback riding. It would have saved him a lot of trouble if he’d noticed the second meaning when Magnus told him, "I love a man that knows how to ride", but he’d been too taken in by Magnus’ still perfect hair and his makeup flawless, even after being inside a helmet.
Even after hours of talking and an agreement for Magnus to bring jars of honey once a week, disappointment races through Alec when Magnus needs to leave and tend to his bees. Usually small talk with strangers emptied Alec’s social battery like nothing else, but interacting with Magnus didn’t drain it at all.
Magnus’ weekly visits were becoming the best part of his week. Isabelle liked to tease him about the ten extra minutes he started spending in the bathroom and finally wearing the clothes she’d bought for him, but that wasn’t about  Magnus . Alec just… started to remember to shape his facial hair into something resembling a beard and not a scraggly mess, and well, it was only polite to wear the new clothes. If Magnus happened to comment on the neatness of his beard or stroke the softened hair… that was unrelated.
But even the regulars noticed the difference in Alec. Magnus was quickly making him as sweet as honey.

* * *
It’s horrifyingly easy for Magnus to make Alec laugh or smile. Whether it be with a stupid joke, or, more often than not, just being himself, though he did know a stupid amount of bee jokes.
“If there’s a bee in my hand, what’s in my eye?” Magnus asks one day.
Alec shrugs, overwhelmingly distracted by the honey-colored highlights in Magnus’ hair and the fact he’s still so attractive in a god damn beekeeper suit. Like, what the fuck. It should be illegal for Magnus to walk around looking that good. Alec isn’t going to survive seeing this again if Magus’ motorcycle muffler isn’t fixed by next week, and Alec has to pick up the honey again.
“Beauty, darling. Beauty is in the eye of the bee-holder.”
Alec departed with two boxes of honey and a smile plastered on his face, barely embarrassed that a bee joke was behind it. (The beautiful, intelligent, infuriatingly perfect man had nothing to do with it.)
The following week, Magnus shows up on his repaired bike, decked out in leather pants, a leather jacket, and a hot pink mesh crop top. If Alec thought Magnus was hot in a beekeeper’s suit, it was nothing compared to leather and mesh.
Fuck, his abs are mouthwateringly perfect. Alec has never in his life wanted to drop to his knees and lick something as badly as he does at this moment. Right out in the open. Lick between the grooves of his abs, down to his belly button, and tug on his little bee-charm belly piercing.  Before he can do something so ill-advised, Alec tears his eyes away and focuses on Magnus’ face, which isn’t any less tempting, but this way he is less likely to ask Magnus on a date or blow him next to the cucumbers.
Magnus has three boxes of honey with him this time. Alec will need to drive out in his pickup truck and pick up the honey himself at this rate. Magnus’ honey was practically flying off the shelves. Alec suspects a large percentage of the sales come from bored housewives who want to see the hot biker/beekeeper or the older ladies who keep needling Alec about asking him out.
As always, Magnus leaves him with another bee joke.
“What do you call a bee that works for the government?”
“Umm, a worker bee?”
“No, Alexander! A pollen-tician.”
* * *
It’s been three months since he met Magnus and Alec is no closer to asking Magnus out on a date or even as a friend. Alec could be his friend. Probably. No, definitely. He could definitely be friends with the smoking hot man of his dreams, and oh what dreams they were. He wasn’t a caveman. So sometimes, he fantasized about licking honey off Magnus’ chest and cock. That was… okay, that probably wasn’t normal, but it’s been a while since Alec had sex. Like a year or two. Too busy and no one he met seemed worth the trouble of juggling work, school, and a relationship. Magnus seemed worth it, worth any challenge life could throw at him. It’s taken him three months to realize he’s more than halfway in love with Magnus. So…. maybe he couldn’t be Magnus’ friend.
This morning Alec told himself today was the day. It was Tuesday— Magnus Day. Today he would ask for Magnus’ number, or ask him out for coffee. Even as oblivious as he can be to flirting, he can tell Magnus is, but what he’s not sure of is how genuine it is. Magnus seems to flirt with everyone. Asking for his number is safe, casual. Just, uh, dudes being dudes. Guys being guys. Christ, he’s been spending too much time with Jace. The scent of toxic masculinity is all over him.
Now it’s late afternoon, Magnus is about to leave, and Alec, who hasn’t worked up the nerve to ask for his number, panics.
“Is it true if you kill the queen, her offspring die instantly?” Alec asks, even though he spent the last week reading about bees and beekeeping to have something more to talk to Magnus about, to keep him here longer.
It’s Magnus’ fault he hasn’t asked yet. Magnus showed up wearing deep purple  lycra  shorts and a black tank top that may have been painted on. All Alec’s blood had immediately flowed elsewhere, leaving Alec standing awkwardly with a basket of zucchini in front of his crotch.
“Oh,  honey,  no.” Magnus doesn’t look at him like he’s crazy, as Alec expected. Instead, he giggles, g  iggles, resting a hand on Alec’s chest as he nearly keels over laughing. “Alexander, where did you hear something like that? How absurd. Worker bees survive for months after the queen’s death.”
“Oh, um. Just something I saw on National Geographic.” Alec winces. Right because National Geographic was bound to get their facts wrong. “I must have missed that it was a misconception.”
“Ah. I thought perhaps you saw it on that television show with the tall, dark, and handsome fellow. What’s it called? Shadowtrackers?”
Alec does know the show. Isabelle insisted one of the lead actors looked just like him and made him watch. Alec doesn’t see the resemblance, but he got hooked on Atlas and Marcus’ love story. It gave him a sense of hope that he found deeply embarrassing, but if a shadowtracker and a wizard could find love, surely Alec could too.
“Attractive gentleman that Atlas, but a bee expert he is not.”

* * *
The next Tuesday, Magnus shows up in jeans and a relatively modest electric blue silk shirt. Alec is strong enough to resist that, but the  boots . Muscular calves encased in thigh-high leather. Alec had to get the zucchini basket out again.
Magnus heads back to his bike and has just swung his leg over when Alec blurts out the first thing that comes to mind. Unfortunately, that is: "Did you know queen bees have sperm reserves?"
"....yes, Alexander."
“Right, of course you do. You’re a beekeeper.”
“Indeed I am.” Magnus settles onto his bike, still laughing, his muscular arms folding over his chest and his strong thighs pressed to the body of the motorcycle. Oh, what Alec wouldn’t give to be that bike. “I have a question for you. What is the most common blood type for bees?”
“I don’t know, Magnus. What type?”
“Bee positive, of course!”
Magnus grins while Alec clutches his stomach, laughing. The jokes are so, so stupid, but that, and Magnus’ delivery, cracks him up. He starts up his bike as Alec wipes the tears from his eyes.
“Hey, Magnus!” Alec shouted over the roar of the bike engine. “Why do you keep telling me these dumb jokes?”
“Because they make you smile, and you have a beautiful smile. ”

* * *
The following Tuesday, Alec has a test, and Isabelle fills in for him. “Alec, that man is so gone for you it’s ridiculous. Please put him out of his misery and ask him out, or fuck him, or  both  . But  please , tell Magnus how you feel.”
Alec suddenly realizes Magnus stopped bringing honey three weeks ago, and hope flaps its wings.

* * *
It’s the last Tuesday of the month, and Alec is ready. Really ready this time. No matter how hot Magnus looks today. His stomach feels like it’s full of bees— the irony, right— all day waiting for the telltale sound of Magnus’ motorcycle. Alec has just started inventorying what’s left when he hears it, followed by the crunch of tires across gravel.
“Hello, Alexander. How is my favorite farmer today?”
Alec rolls his eyes even though Magnus can’t see and is glad he can’t see how wide  Alec is smiling. “I’m the only farmer you know.”
“That’s not true. I met your lovely sister just last week.”
“And she’s not your favorite?”
“Nope. I’m afraid another Lightwood has captured that spot in my heart.”
Of course, today is the day where Alec is swamped with people looking for peppers and acorn squash. So Magnus lingers for longer than he usually does when Alec gets busy, chatting a bit in the little lulls Alec gets between customers. He keeps catching Magnus looking at him when he thinks Alec isn’t paying attention. He seems almost nervous, which is just the most absurd thing Alec can imagine. Magnus being nervous over  him . The last customer has left, and Alec is just about to suggest they exchange numbers when another car comes up the drive.
“Sorry, Magnus. I don’t think it’s slowing down anytime soon.”
“No worries, darling. I know you are a busy man.” Magnus waves him off and smiles up at him. For the hundredth time, Alec can’t help but think Magnus is the perfect height for him to kiss. “Pity I can’t have you all to myself all the time, but that’s my cross to bear.”
Mrs. Herondale is getting out of her car and heading towards the farmstand. Hopefully, he has enough apples to keep her busy until he talks to Magnus. Alec doesn’t want to lose this opportunity. The perfect opening Magnus has given him. “You can.”
“I can, what?”
“Have me to yourself, if you want. We could get coffee after work?“
Magnus digs through the satchel on the back of his motorcycle and pulls out a pot of honey, bounding over to Alec. He presses the jar into Alec’s hands and goes onto his tiptoes to kiss Alec. Their lips slide together chastely, but it’s still the best damn kiss Alec’s ever had.
“I’d love that.”
Magnus spun away, striding back to his motorcycle and looking damn smug while Alec still stood frozen.
“It’s about damn time you kissed him, Magnus.”
“You’re absolutely right, Mrs. Herondale.”
Alec looks down at the jar of honey in his hands curiously. There’s a little hand-cut gift tag attached that isn’t on the jars Magnus brings typically. He flips it over while Mrs. Herondale peruses the apples and carrots.
It might just be me, but I think we bee-long together. - Magnus
(718) 475-5555
"go home already too, it's late. take care!" was the last words that echoed through the whole dance practice room as Chanhee bid his goodbye to Changmin.
it's almost midnight when their dance workshop ended and with a deep sigh from tiredness Changmin layed on the floor, spacing out, not minding his shirt drenched in sweat, looking like a tired starfish.
They're not expecting an evaluation or deadline anytime soon but they just enjoyed todays lesson by Changmin and Juyeon that they didn't notice the time ticking in a speed of light.
Changmin gathered his senses and decides to stand up starting to fix the studio and his personal stuffs when the door suddenly swung open signalling his not alone on the building.
Changmin looked at the wide mirror in front of him to see the reflection of the person who just came in.
"ah why does it have to be him" Changmin said to his mind when he saw the reflection of Juyeon who has a towel around his neck and on a fresh shirt. "thought he left already earlier.." Changmin continued on his mind trying to be fast as he can on cleaning his bag.
Changmin can feel it, he feels the awkward air, that Juyeon trying to read the room hoping the atmosphere would be lighter and is staring at him through the mirror.
Juyeon was Changmin’s crush for kind of a long time. He knows him for a long time already however they never really spoked to each other unless necessary.
He was famous on their previous school, known for his good looks and ofcourse excellent dancing, almost everyone is head over heels for him. Surprisingly, when Changmin entered this dance workshop Juyeon entered too and now almost every one has a crush on Juyeon, even on other classes (try to check every classes there's atleast one person who like him)
But everything felt different when Juyeon confessed to Changmin atleast a month and a half ago. It was nothing grand, it was just a simple "i like you for kind of a long time now" and a scratch on the nape from Juyeon but made Changmin malfunction for a good minute.
Ofcourse it was shocking for Changmin, his crush? Really? The Lee Juyeon that he likes, likes him back? The Juyeon who has almost everyone chasing him likes Changmin? it was too good to be true.
Changmin really has no words to say when Juyeon said that. He's sure he was sane he said that because they practiced that day and he danced great too, as usual. He's sure his not drunk too, he probably passed out already when he's drunk and most importantly it was not a joke as Juyeon said it's alright, he can take his time to answer.
Eversince Juyeon confessed Changmin noticed Juyeon is trying to do the bare minimum for him, small things and small efforts such as opening the door for him, making him take the seat instead the floor, buying him coffee sometimes and even letting him borrow his towel or even a shirt.
Changmin likes Juyeon and that's for sure and he can't help it especially that Juyeon is trying to get closer to him. It's just Changmin is doubting not Juyeon's feelings but himelf. Like why? WHY ME? Of all people???
Changmin finished packing his things and hooked his bag on his shoulder ready to leave the studio when Juyeon, who’s standing by the door held his wrist stopping him.
Changmin closed his eyes, released a deep sight and looked at the older.
"Changmin..." Juyeon started softly shy about the younger.
Changmin sighed for the second time and stood firmly in front of the older ready to talk.
"First of all i eat teokbokki on a daily basis, I love horror and I find creepy things very cute. I can't stop my hand gestures when I'm explaining and I call everything my friend. I get shy easily and I cover my face a lot of times to atleast cope up, I also like to shake people when I'm excited which might sometimes dizzy them. I laugh with a loud big voice when I'm really having fun, I do bite people whenever i feel like and I like being alone and at the same time doesn't want to be and lastly, I scream a lot. A lot so fucking loud. Now, do you still like me?" Changmin bursted breathing heavily after rapping lines after lines.
"I was just about to ask you if who will keep the keys for today but, yes uh... i do" Juyeon said calmly looking at the youngers red face from embarrassment.
The truth is, Juyeon alread knows. All the small habits he has especially they've known each other quite some time now, well atleast from afar.
The way he sees Changmin down the street buying teokbokki alone or sometimes with Eric and Haknyeon. The way Juyeon usually hears Chanhee complaining about his new scary wallpaper. When he's speaking in the middle talking about the new dance routine with non stop hand movements and how he gets shy when everyone is teasing him about it. The way he saw how he shaked Sunwoo and Chanhee when he saw his on the same classes as the two of them. When Kevin or Jacob says his big voice laugh is funny as well and the way he cover his mouth in tiny when he realizes. The way Sangyeon, Younghoon and Hyunjae complains how painful Changmin bites them and especially how his voice echoes almost all throughout the building when he screams and trust me Juyeon knows it all
and that's the reason he likes him. The little things Changmin has and does turns him into a whipped mess when he doesn't even try.
So Changmin shouldn't question himself as it was what Juyeon loves about him and maybe Changmin can keep the keys or whoever on the both of them but one thing is for sure, something unlocked for the both of them today which made their souls giddy and hearts full.
Raelle wasn’t exactly in a talking mood and she was afraid that Scylla knew why. She didn’t mean for it to happen, feeling more like it was automatic, how every time she looked at Scylla, she still wanted her close, how now that they were near one another again, the way she missed her was so much worse. Even back when she’d thought Scylla had been shipped off to prison or worse, she would think she had seen the other girl in places where she definitely couldn’t have been, completely unable to think straight.
“Get your mind back on the mission, Collar.” Abigail snapped, as Raelle got lost in thought, staring down the back of Scylla’s head. She barely processed anything anyone had said for the last two hours, thinking about the zing that had gone up through her pinkie and throughout the rest of her body since Scylla’s hand had grazed her own.
Despite herself, Raelle had trouble controlling the drift of her thoughts as she remembered how Scylla had once felt against her, how her eyes would darken and her lips would swell. She had loved Scylla, she had loved being with Scylla, and she hated that she still wanted her.
-----/////-----
“What were you saying, before you got knocked out?” Scylla was shaking Raelle’s shoulder gently and speaking softly.
“Black jeans and daphne blue… the whole time you were gone. They made me think of you.” Raelle was groggy and not making much sense. “Made me wish that I was colorblind. I mean… I’d say that the ocean could hold a candle to your eyes but I would still be wrong. I just… I hate it, cause you were the one who shut the door on us, and… it felt like you cut me open.”
“I know and I’m sorry. I felt like I was cut open too. Everything reminded me of you while we were separated. The blue of the sky, the flowers, every bowerbird that I saw in a book or on tv. Every bluebird. It was like you were with me all the time.” Scylla wasn’t sure if Raelle was still going in and out of consciousness or if the other girl could hear her at all. Still, she hoped her meaning was getting through at least.
“Hey, guys,” Ted said as he entered his office. The Diamond Dogs were already gathered there in wait  for him so they could start their session—which was good, because Ted really needed advice. “What do you think I should get Trent Crimm (The Independent) for his birthday?”
“Uhh, nothing,” Coach Beard said, “because he’s not part of our team so why would you give him a birthday present?”
Ted waved the suggestion away with a frown. “No, no, I already thought of that but it just doesn’t seem right. Anything else?”
He looked at Nate, then at Leslie.
“I’m not very adept at presents,” Nate said. “I only ever get them for my mum and she’s just happy with anything.”
He shrugged apologetically, as if that wasn’t the darn cutest thing Ted had ever heard.
“I’m sort of the same, really,” Leslie said, “I buy gifts for my wife and my boys but I’m not sure how excited Trent Crimm would be with a new gaming console. Or a cat.”
Ted tapped his forefinger to his lips in a nervous rhythm. He couldn’t seem to get out of this gift-giving funk, and time was running out with Trent’s birthday coming up so soon.
“Okay,” he said, “thanks guys. I’m gonna go find Keeley and see what she has to say.”


“What about a hair care product?” Keeley said after Ted had explained his problem, flipping her own very lovely locks behind her shoulder. She was wearing butterfly clips along her temples and for a brief (and very funny) second Ted had the mental image of Trent with those same clips in 
    his
   hair.
“Ted?” Keeley said, because he had been staring in silence while contemplating how adorable Trent would look with hair accessories, which surely came across a bit creepily.
“Yeah—sorry, got lost in thought there for a second. I did think of that, actually, but then I started reading all these different things about hair types and curl patterning and now I think I should start washing my hair less and sleeping on a silk pillowcase, so I wouldn’t say it was very helpful.”
Keeley nodded sagely, her face set firmly in thinking mode. “When’s his birthday again? He’s a scorpio right? So maybe you can get something related to that! Scorpios are very loyal you know, very intense but very loving once you get into their inner circle.”
She looked at him expectantly.
“Is that one of y’all’s British things again because I have no clue what you just said to me.”
Which led to a very fun and informative half an hour determining Ted’s birth chart, but didn’t really bring him any closer to what he was looking for.


Ted knocked on Rebecca’s door, feeling something flip inside of his tummy inexplicably.
“Hey Boss,” he said, peeking his head around the door. “Have you got a minute?”
Rebecca looked up at him from her very comfy couch, cup of tea on the coffee table in front of her (and wasn’t that an interesting conundrum? Tea on a coffee table, imagine that) so Ted figured he’d come at just the right time.
“Sure,” she said, gesturing for him to enter. She picked up her teacup and sipped it as Ted started walking at a very normal pace around her office. Okay, he was pacing—wasn’t anything normal about it, especially because there was very little to be worried about 
    really
  . Surely Trent would be just as happy with Ted’s shortbread as his daughter had been.
“I’m having a problem,” Ted blurted, “well—maybe not a problem, it’s not that serious. Except it is, actually, very very serious. Birthdays are serious business in my world and to get someone you like the wrong gift is almost like saying you don’t like them at all, wouldn’t you say? And Trent’s such a cold-blooded guy, you know? Like a bloodhound, but maybe a puppy bloodhound, going after what he wants. So I’m scared to get him the wrong thing because, yeesh,” Ted made a face to convey exactly how a man would feel giving Trent Crimm something he didn’t care about. Abject terror, that was the expression he was going for, “he does not let something go once he’s got his teeth in it.”
Ted sat down right on the edge of Rebecca’s couch, ready for her swift assessment of his situation. She gave him a very pointed look and opened her mouth to respond—and then Ted suddenly realised what she was gonna say before she said it, which really wasn’t a very comfortable thought at all, so he rudely interrupted her and continued in a rush.
“Hey, does this count as girl talk? I feel like we’re doing girl talk. I spoke to Keeley earlier too and she introduced me to the world of astrology—by the way, what’s your sign Boss? Maybe I should get all the boys to tell me and then pair them up depending on what Google says about how good they are at working together. Actually, I think I should go do that right now, good talk Boss, really helped clearing my mind!”
And then he legged it out of Rebecca’s office and straight into the first open door he could close behind him. And then out again, because that had been the supply closet where the cleaning tools and products lived.
“Get him a new notebook!” Rebecca called out as he descended the stairs, and she was smiling too, Ted could tell.
“Yep!” Ted replied, knowing they both knew he wasn’t going to do that.


The day of doom had finally arrived. Trent’s birthday. Though, actually, it was the day 
    after
   Trent’s birthday, because AFC Richmond had just played their most recent game which ended in a tie and Trent was there to hear his thoughts. And all the other journalists too of course, it really wouldn’t be very kind to play favourites among them. Ted had to focus.
Only that turned out to be very difficult, because there was just something so magnetic about Trent’s hair falling in a curtain down the side of his face as he noted down the things Ted said, and the little frown between his eyebrows as he listened attentively to the replies he gave the other journalists—and goshdarnit! Ted seemed to be royally up sh*t’s creek without a paddle.
He’d feel bad about it later, but Ted felt his mind wander as he answered questions instinctively without much thought behind the words he was saying. Hoping it wasn’t too noticeable to the reporters, he emphatically repeated how proud he was of the defensive qualities Richmond had displayed against the Rovers’ offense, not conceding even a single goal (something Ted thought they called a clean sheet here, though what bed linen had to do with anything was anybody’s guess.) Even though the game ended in a tie, it was a tie Ted took great pride in.
Though he’d have liked it better if Sam hadn’t had to come off in the middle of the second half, limping his way to the sidelines dejectedly. Even though it didn’t seem all that bad, Sam would have to keep off his feet for a few days and Ted had known plenty of professional athletes in his day that he knew this would not go over very well. Being asked about that brought Ted back to unfortunate focus.
“I’ll just have to keep him entertained,” Ted said, smiling, “and fortify myself against those pleading eyes he’ll surely turn my way on day five of his seven day recovery.”
And on that closing statement all the journalists in the press room chuckled lightly and started packing away their things. Ted’s hands became sweaty, his heart beating like a real maniac inside his chest as he thought of what would come next.
He stood up and smoothed his hair back, trying for his most casual tone as he said, “hey, Trent! Can I talk to you for a second?”
Trent raised his eyebrows, that cool collected air as he pressed his palm to his own chest in a 
    ‘who, me?’
   gesture making Ted fizzle and pop like a can of soda.
“Alright,” Trent said, his voice a balm to Ted’s nerves, provided that balm was made with chilli peppers and other spicy, terrible things. “Let me just pack up my things.”
So Ted nodded and made his very dignified escape out of the press room and into the hallway.
When Trent joined him his eyes were sharp and curious, and even though he’d said he wanted to pack up he was still holding his notebook and a pen.
“Follow me,” Ted said, suddenly realising how busy the hallway would soon be with reporters leaving. He almost reached out for Trent’s sleeve to pull him along but managed, just barely, to keep his hands to himself.
Ted brought them to a smaller, more private hallway. It was one that had a door at the end which would lead them straight onto the pitch if they opened it. The hallway itself was dark and narrow, and suddenly Trent seemed to be standing much closer than Ted had accounted for.
There was an amused set to his mouth—his 
    lovely
   mouth—and one of his eyebrows quirked right up to the middle of his forehead.
“So,” Ted started. Then again, only now he held out the biscuits in their little pink box for Trent to take. “So I know it was your birthday yesterday. And I just wanted to give you these to say ‘happy birthday!’” He smiled nervously.
“And,” Ted continued, steeling himself. “I wanted to give you something else. Something better than these biscuits because I give them to everyone—not that it means I love them any less but…” he swallowed, realising the implications of what he’d just let slip. Trent still hadn’t said anything, still looking at him with that piercing gaze of his.
“So I went on a journey trying to find the best gift I could give you, but none of them seemed quite right. It seemed like a bit of a Goldilocks dilemma, actually. And then I talked to Rebecca and it made me realise what I actually wanted to give you. Which is a kiss—or, maybe not a kiss—I don’t even know if you would like that—and I would hate to give you something you hate, and I’m honestly still not sure you’re not part of the employees at Richmond and I obviously would never do anything to abuse my power like that—and also what if I do it wrong? What if you don’t like my moustache, what if our noses bump and our teeth clash and—”
“Ted,” Trent said. “Please be quiet.”
“Yeah, right, of course. Bit of a blabbermouth aren’t I. Uh… I’m so sorry for taking up your time, I know you’re very busy and have a lot to do—especially after this game of ours.” He laughed self consciously, realising Trent was standing between himself and escape, unless he wanted to go out pitchside, but it was November and Ted had left his jacket inside, and—and Trent had grabbed him by the wrist.
“I’m not your employee,” Trent said, very calmly. “If our noses bump and our teeth clash it’ll just be something to adjust for the next kiss. And I’ve never kissed someone with a moustache before. I’d have to try it before I could come to a conclusive opinion.”
Ted’s mouth had gone a little dry. Trent’s hand on his arm was a warm point of contact which Ted wished would never be released. He swallowed.
“So… you would want it?”
Trent caught him in his gaze, intense and amused. His lips were slightly parted, and maybe Ted knew the answer before Trent said it.
“I thought that was implied.”
And then, very carefully, Ted leaned in to kiss him. He tasted of cinnamon chewing gum, smelled like wind and a little like sweat, and kissed exactly like the prince charming Ted had figured him to be. If he was a cartoon character this would be the moment when Ted’s feet left the floor and angel wings sprouted from his back. But he wasn’t, and anyway Trent’s hands had come to rest on his waist and it felt as if he would always keep him grounded like that.
“Thank you, Ted,” Trent said when they parted. “That was exactly what I wanted. You might be as good at gift-giving as you are at coaching.”
And Ted realised later that maybe Trent had been teasing him, but in the moment it didn’t matter. Nothing mattered except Trent’s mouth against his own, so Ted chased it, over and over again.
Being the star of a Hollywood blockbuster film despite her only acting credits being a couple commercials and an off off off-Broadway role as a princess when she was still in grade school, whereas every other member of the cast and crew was a living Hollywood legend was one thing - one big thing, but having to do all the press and promote the film was entirely another.
These interviewers were used to talking to people who've done the whole thing a million times - professionals - and not Luz Noceda. And when you put interviewers and Luz Noceda in a room, or coke and in a bottle, together, you're going to get an explosion. It wasn't even that Luz was trying to be difficult; she'd actually tried to be professional and practice so she didn't seem like a complete idiot, but the fact that the interviewers did not like her.
Luz could think of thousands of reasons for people not to like her - she even vaguely remembered making a list at one point when she was a teenager, but all these interviewers disliked her for the some reason. She wasn't Hollywood royalty - she was a no-name actress with no-experience making her debut in a movie that the whole world wanted to be in. They didn't want to talk to her, they didn't care about her.
They wanted to talk to Edalyn Clawthorne, the screenwriter and director, about Kiss Me Goodbye, her first project in a decade, since she'd disappeared from the world of Hollywood without a trace, and they wanted to talk to the biggest stars of the generation - the established household names they could gloat to their friends about interviewing, not the girl who'd been just like them before she was cast in the Clawthorne comeback at the ripe age of 18 years old.
But still, Luz Noceda found it all to be a fair trade. She got the opportunity to do something special, she found a place where all of her quirks became her strengths and talents and she was in a position to help others - thousands of them, maybe millions one day, and the price she had to pay was just that - as well as her time, sanity and privacy.
However, not all of the interviews made Luz feel like that. In fact, there had been a few interviews that Luz had actively enjoyed. Not at all surprisingly, these were the interviews she had with Amity Blight, her on-screen best friend, former celebrity crush and Hollywood royalty. Amity Blight was the daughter of A-List actors Odalia and Alador Blight, whose most famous film was the first one they did together - although it was frankly terrible, Luz found that nostalgia did it for most people. Amity also had older siblings - twins Edric and Emira Blight, who had oh-so-conveniently been Luz's bisexual awakening, and were also famous in their own rights. The twins were former child-stars and had been in 10 of the 100 highest grossing films of all time before they were 12, that had turned to music (in the case of Edric, who had recently released his debut album) and fashion design (in the case of Emira, who had teased her involvement in fashion on Twitter). It was safe to say that the name Blight was associated with immense success, glamour and poise in millions of households - it was quite the juxtaposition, to be honest.
Despite all that, Amity Blight was surprisingly down to earth, and became a fast friend of Luz Noceda's - though that definitely had more to do with the fact the pair were spending twenty-three hours a day together than the pair naturally connecting, given a few mishaps that had led to PR involvement and were more or less connected to a certain girl named after a plant.
By the time they wrapped the film, Luz could safely consider Amity Blight one of her best and closest friends - alongside the girl named after a plant and Gus Porter, whose dad was conducting one of the two interviews that Luz and Amity were doing together that day.
The interview ended up being one of the best interviews Luz had done, definitely more than partially because she had genuinely enjoyed it. Perry Porter was a great dad and an even better reporter, who made both Luz and Amity feel very welcome. Of course, it certainly did help that for the entirety of the interview, the pair were given puppies to play with.
And if Luz looked at the way Amity was struggling to get her puppies to stay still or calm down for a few seconds too long or a few too many times, she knew it'd either be edited out or dismissed as the friendship their characters shared translating well into their real lives. There was also the fact that the whole world loved Amity Blight, so who could blame Luz for falling for the newly-purple haired girl too?
The two girls left the studio, waving goodbye to Perry Porter, smiling and laughing - they enjoyed being in each other's company. They had to, obviously - although the movie had finished filming, the two girls still lived together and spent most of their days together, aside from whenever Amity had outings with the Blights or some other Hollywood royal, or when Luz had interviews without her, or would call her mom and tell her that things were going well and that she really liked it out in LA. They were headed to the car, which would take them to their second - and thankfully, final, interview of the day. As much fun as interviews with the youngest Blight were, Luz really needed to lie down and sleep for as long as she could.
The only thing was that the second interview of the day was exactly the type of interview that Luz had been stressing over and dreading. She knew that the interviewers would ask invasive questions, about both her and her movie - sometimes lighthearted, born out of genuine curiosity, and other times mean-spirited, as if they were actively trying to get Luz fired and blacklisted.
At least, Luz had Amity by her side, to help her through it.
The interview started off pretty tame and wasn't anything noteworthy - it was simply the same questions the pair had been asked a thousand times over.
"Did you know that this movie was based on a book?" The interviewer asked, almost coyly.
Luz nodded, knowing that anything she said would've been used against her - even if what she said was the truth. Luz had been too young to see the Clawthorne sisters in their prime, but she'd read both Lilith's books and seen Eda's movies, and now she was going to be in an adaptation of one of Lilith's books, adapted for the screen and directed by Eda.
"Lilith Clawthorne was actually one of my role-models growing up," Amity said, breaking the silence. "I always admired her characterization and prose."
"Did you have a favourite book of hers?" Luz inquired.
"I'm Not That Girl," Amity answered, surely, as if there wasn't a single Lilith Clawthorne book that could compare. "Growing up, I always wanted someone to be the Georgia to my Eleanor," her cheeks flushed at that last admission, and Luz felt her stomach flutter at that, because she always wanted an Eleanor to her Georgia.
"A classic," The interviewer said with a smile, and Luz knew that something is up. "So, if you could cast anyone in the world as Georgia, who'd it be?"
"This girl right next to me of course," Amity beamed at Luz. "She is the Georgia to my Eleanor."
What's a seven word, twenty-six letter way to say 'I love you', said the little voice in Luz's head at that admission, the one that makes Luz's entire face flush red as if she was the purple-haired girl next to her and not herself.
"I'm sure you're a great actor, Luz, so I don't mean any offense when I say this," The interviewer paused for a second. "But why her? Out of everyone in the world, you'd still pick her to be your Georgia?" The interviewer gave Luz a not-so-subtle once over and Luz could feel the interviewer's disgust when they looked at her.
"Yes," Amity said, not budging. "Luz is one of the most refreshing and dynamic talents of this generation and she's the only one I can see as Georgia."
"Moving on," the interviewer said, almost seeming as though they were taken aback. "Your characters have a very interesting relationship. In the original book, their relationship is left ambiguous - I know people have seen them as best friends, platonic soulmates and I've even come across theories that the pair were long-lost siblings. Can you tell me more about their relationship in the movie, without spoiling it, of course?"
"Well they're certainly not siblings, that's for sure," Amity blurted out without thinking.
Luz laughed lightly. "Really? I could've sworn that they were."
The interview didn't last much longer, and the interviewer didn't have any notable questions, so Luz and Amity didn't have any notable answers. There were only only a couple of weeks until the premiere, so it was a busy time for the whole cast and crew. It seemed as though Perry Porter showed Eda and the producers the puppy interview and they had really liked it, so most of the press that Luz did in those last couple of weeks was with Amity - which made it immensely more enjoyable. She didn't really give any of them that much thought, or any for that matter, until a few months later, after the movie was released in theatres and became a box office success, breaking a number of box office records in the meanwhile, when Luz and Amity had been sitting on the couch in their apartment, on their phones, when they got a call from Eda.
"Hey Eda," Luz greeted, bubbly as ever. "You're on speaker,"
"Hi," Amity said, mostly so that Eda would know she was there too.
"Check your texts," Eda said, in place of a greeting.
"Did you call Luz just to tell her that?" Amity asked.
"No," Eda said, "but please do check them, eventually."
"Aye-aye captain," Luz said, giving Eda a mock salute despite the call having being audio-only.
"I called to ask you - both of you - to read for Eleanor and Georgia in the adaptation of I'm Not That Girl that Lili and I are making together."
The entire apartment was silent for a minute - Luz was holding her breath to keep herself from screaming, whereas Amity was staring a hole in the wall.
"When do we start?" Amity broke the silence, having blinked before the wall collapsed in on itself.
And Luz did end up checking her texts, to see that Eda had sent her a compilation of her and Amity doing interviews for Kiss Me Goodbye. She guessed that was Eda's way of telling her that she didn't completely and totally fail at doing press and promo.
***
Luz knew, on some level, that making her debut in Kiss Me Goodbye, a Clawthorne film and immediately getting cast in another read like favoritism to more than just the Hollywood reporters who had nothing better to do than torment her, but she really had tried to turn it down. She'd auditioned for several other projects, and had even gotten some roles, but none of them had the same film/release schedule as I'm Not That Girl did - they knew better than to get in the way of the Clawthorne legacy, Luz figured.
However, I'm Not That Girl was in no way an easy book to adapt - in fact, Lilith Clawthorne, in previous interviews had said that she did not want to make it into a movie, because she was worried that a film wouldn't be able to capture the characters internal monologues and unreliable narration, amongst other things. So, as the I'm Not That Girl movie was written and re-written and written again, Luz and Amity had the opportunity to be a part of some other projects.
They were truly on their way to becoming household names, and because of her last name, in Amity's case. As they grew in popularity, they found themselves being considered a dynamic duo by more than just the people around them. One night, the pair had been sitting on the couch in their shared living room, just like they had been when Eda had called them to talk about her and Lilith's adaptation of I'm Not That Girl, only in a larger and more expensive apartment they had moved into. Once again, the pair were on their phones.
"What in the world is a Lumity," she said, tilting her phone towards Amity, who flushed bright red.
"Us, I think." Amity answered, her face still vaguely resembling a tomato. "What's the article say?"
"It's just this celebrity I think, talking about their favourite movie, Kiss Me Goodbye. They said they're a big fan of Lumity, ever since their daughter showed them a compilation of Lumity moments."
"Lumity moments?"
"They linked the video," Luz said, "of said Lumity moments. I know these kinds of videos, I used to watch them before I was famous. Sometimes people get weird with them but I always used to admire the relationships these mega-talented people had, and hoped I'd have something like it one day."
"And do you?"
"What?"
"Do you have something like those relationships you used to admire?"
"No," Luz said, a smirk creeping onto her face. "I have something better."
"You're so corny," Amity said, "I hate you,"
"No, you don't," Luz said, and what she said was confirmed in the way Amity looked at her: as if she'd hung the stars as nightlights because Amity had once said she was afraid of the dark.
"What do you think's gonna happen?" Amity asked, leaning her head on Luz's shoulder, cuddling up to her.
"I don't know," Luz wrapped her arm around Amity and closes her eyes.
***
Eventually, the time came around again for Luz and Amity to do press and promo for I'm Not That Girl, but this time around, Luz had a better feeling about it. It could've had something to do with the fact that she was more confident and comfortable with press now, or it could've just been the fact that she'd be doing each and every one of them with Amity.
"How would you had to describe I'm Not That Girl to someone?"
"How much time do we have?" Amity said with a small laugh.
"A sentence, maybe two."
"Can it be a run-on sentence?" Luz joked.
The interviewer laughed, but said nothing. Amity looked over at Luz before picking up her fancy interview microphone. "I'm Not That Girl follows two college students, Eleanor Throppe and Georgia Goode who become unlikely friends when Eleanor's little sister goes missing, as do a bunch of other students."
"Can you tell us more about the unlikely friendship between Eleanor and Georgia?"
"Should I take this one?" Luz picked up her microphone and looks over to Amity, who nods. "Upon first glance, Eleanor and Georgia are polar opposites - Eleanor stands out with her bright green hair, dry wit and how closed-off she is from everyone around her. Georgia also stands out, but that's mostly because of how she's a human ray of sunshine, and like her last name suggests, she's good and her main goal in life is to help as many people as she possibly can. But when you learn more about them both through their perspective in the chapters they narrate, you see that they're two sides of the same coin. So when you take the inciting incident that forces them together, you can see how their need to be liked and the way the seek approval from authority figures draws them together and then bam! They're best friends forever and ever!"
What Luz doesn't mention is the fact that the unlikely friendship between Eleanor and Georgia closely resembled the unlikely friendship between Luz and Amity.
"So, you mentioned that their perspectives in the different chapters of the novel is how you realize that Eleanor and Georgia are actually really similar, or as you put it, two sides of the same coin, and since you can't really do this in a movie, does this change the iconic beginning of Eleanor and Georgia's friendship in the movie?"
"Well, I'd like to think that the movie is still faithful to the book, and since their relationship is kind of central to the plot and book in general, I don't think we really ended up changing anything that would impact the iconic start of their friendship," Amity said, "And of course, I grew up on I'm Not That Girl, and if we're being honest here, unadulterated loathing, the chapter I'm sure you're referring to when you talk about the iconic start of their friendship, was my favourite in the entire book-,"
"Even over because i knew you," Luz said , her hand flying over to her heart with a mock gasp, "how dare you?"
This elicited a small chuckle out of the interviewer.
"Moving on," Amity said, trying to mock frustration, but the grin on her face is all too telling. "And since even having the opportunity to be a part of the movie is a dream come true, I would do anything to make sure that my favourite part of my favourite book ever was the best it could be - and luckily for me, Eda and Lili, the co-writers and directors of the movie were just as passionate about making sure that each and every aspect of the famous friendship between Eleanor and Georgia was the best that it could be, which, with this girl right here as Eleanor," she said, reaching out to pat Luz on the shoulder, "wasn't hard at all."
"That's great to hear," the interviewer said with a professional smile. "But," the interviewer continued, turning to Luz, "Luz, you've always said that you related to Georgia, and Amity, you've said the same about Eleanor, and yet, Luz, you were cast as Eleanor and Amity, you were cast as Georgia. Could you tell me more about that?"
"It's so cheesy," Amity said, sounding almost exasperated.
"Guess that means I'm telling this story," Luz grinned. "But as I'm sure you know, Amity and I have known each other for a while-"
"Ever since your debut in Kiss Me Goodbye," the interviewer filled in.
"We actually met before that," Luz started, and Amity put her face in her palms and Luz held back a laugh. "At a chemistry read for another movie we never ended up doing,"
"Scheduling conflicts," Amity supplied.
"Can I ask what the movie was?" The interviewer asked.
Luz lit up at that. "It was Flying Solo, Flying Free. I initially auditioned for Willow Park's role, and Amity auditioned for her opposite."
"Are you a fan of Willow Park?"
"Yes, I'm actually her biggest fan," Luz said, "I'm kidding. Not really, I mean, I am her biggest fan but we're friends - we actually met in high school and I'm really glad that she ended up getting the role."
"What about you, Amity, what are your thoughts on Willow Park?"
Amity plastered on a smile. "We also went to school together, not when she and Luz knew each other though, back when we were in kindergarten and first grade. She was my first best friend, and she was phenomenal in the movie, I'm really glad that they ended up casting her."
"I've seen it, and I totally agree," The interviewer said, "but back to the chemistry read where you met - that had to be at least a year before you started filming Kiss Me Goodbye, right?"
Luz and Amity shared a look, before Amity started. "I think the chemistry read was in the fall, so let's say it was in either October or November, and we started filming for Eda's movie in June two years ago, so it was only seven or eight months after we met."
"If I may, how'd the chemistry read go?"
"Well, this is our second movie together, so it couldn't have been awful."
"You know those actors who always say they met in the audition room and had an instant connection like, 'even if we don't get the part, I know we're gonna be best friends,' but they obviously got the part, since they're doing an interview where they bring it up?" Luz asked.
The interviewer nodded.
"That's kind of what happened with us, except we actually didn't get the parts. And I'm glad, because no one could've done it better than Willow Park,"
The interviewer nodded again. "In some of the interviews you did for Kiss Me Goodbye, you two mentioned that you lived together during filming, I'm assuming because of how close you'd gotten since you met at the chemistry read eight months before you started filming?"
Luz and Amity both nodded, hoping the interviewer wouldn't asked if they still lived together, because they weren't quite sure how to explain that - they definitely had enough money for their own apartments by this stage in their careers.
"Did you live together again while filming I'm Not That Girl?"
"Director's orders," Amity said. "Since Eleanor and Georgia are roommates for a lot of the novel - and movie - Eda really wanted us to know every uncomfortable detail about each other."
"It was fun though," Luz added, and Amity had to agree with that.
Later that night, the pair found themselves on the couch again.
"You know, you never did tell that interviewer about how you got cast as Eleanor and I got cast as Georgia," Amity said.
"Did you want me to?" Luz asked, not entirely sure if her question was genuine or sarcastic.
Amity smiled in response. "One day."
Apparently, that one day came not long after I'm Not That Girl was released.
Whenever Amity had talked about being a big fan of the book when she was younger in interviews, she always left out the fact that her attachment to the book stemmed from the way Eleanor and Georgia's friendship could have easily been interpreted as romantic.
But although she never brought this up in interviews, for a number of reasons, she did bring it up to both Eda and Lilith, which went even better than she thought it would. In fact, Lilith had admitted that she had always wanted to write Eleanor and Georgia as explicitly romantic, but was advised against it, and went for the subtext instead. As a compromise however, they decided that the relationship between Eleanor and Georgia in the movie adaptation would be explicitly and undeniably romantic, just as Lilith had always wanted. And of course, Luz and Amity's chemistry read for Flying Solo, Flying Free came in handy.
One of the parts of being famous that Luz wasn't quite used to was being stopped on the street by fans. It didn't happen often enough for her to become thoroughly annoyed or frustrated whenever it happened, but she just didn't really know what to do when it happened. She and Amity had been crossing the street to get to Willow Park's house, now that she and Amity had (finally) worked through their issues, when someone came up to them.
"Hi, I'm so sorry to bother you, but I'm a big fan," they started and Luz went to say thank you, but they continued. "I'm Anne, and I grew up on Lilith Clawthorne's books and I'm Not That Girl was always my favourite because of how much I shipped Eleanor and Georgia and I just wanted to say that it meant so much to me to see that validated in a movie like this and also to see you two, since you're such close friends in real life be comfortable enough in your friendship to play love interests."
"Of course," Amity said, "But it's not exactly a challenge to pretend to be in love with Luz."
At that, Luz's cheeks flushed red. "She's too good of a girlfriend for her own good," she joked, her face turning even redder as she realized her admission.
"Wait, you're together in real life?"
Amity nodded. "Since before we even started filming for Kiss Me Goodbye."
"So that's why you got so defensive when asked about your characters sibling-like dynamic. It all makes sense now!"
"Could you maybe not tell people though? We'd like to have the opportunity to do that for ourselves."
"Yeah of course, I wouldn't dream of it."
And that was that, the first time that Luz and Amity had ever told someone - outside of their inner circle - that they were together. No one else stopped them on their way to Willow's house and the three of them had a wonderful afternoon of eating popcorn and watching bad movies, which had become something a lot more sacred now that the three of them were on their way to becoming household names and couldn't spend as much time together. So, they took it upon themselves to make each and every one of their sacred hangouts as fun as possible.
And so began Wing It Like Witches, their YouTube channel. The channel didn't have too much of a consistent theme - something they all interviewed each other, sometimes they made short films, sometimes they just sat down on a couch and made fun of each other but what was consistent about the channel is that the viewers loved Luz and Amity together - especially whenever Willow would look into the camera as if to say 'you see what I have to deal with?' Most of the time, Gus Porter would be there too, but he was usually the one behind the camera, providing witty quips out of the viewer's sight.
The most popular video on the Wing It Like Witches channel - in terms of views, likes, comments and how frequently it was referenced by fans, interviewers and news articles alike - was undeniably Knock, Knock, Knockin on Hooty's Door, a twenty-something minute video where Gus (off-screen) would pretend to be Hooty, the house that the characters of Willow, Luz and Amity lived in, who was trying to prove his worth to them. He tried to help Willow keep her plants alive and ended up killing them all, and then started to play matchmaker for Luz and Amity - which, while a disaster, was also kind of funny. Coincidentally, Knock Knock, Knockin on Hooty's Door was the episode in which Luz and Amity revealed their relationship and became Hollywood's newest It couple in the way that was the most them possible - by making a skit about it with their very best friends, which they would watch together every year on the night of their anniversary.
They'd just finished one particular rewatch, which also happened to fall on the first anniversary of the night that Luz and Amity both won their first Oscars for their roles as Eleanor Throppe and Georgia Goode, respectively, and Luz was thinking about how much had happened in her life since her chemistry read for Flying Solo, Flying Free. She was thinking about how much they'd grown and learned, as both actors and people, because of each other. When Luz was younger, her mom used to tell her that people came into their lives for a reason, and the reason that Amity and Willow and Gus came into Luz's life were so that they could help each other feel more loved, accepted and less alone in a very confusing world.
So when she turned to Amity and said, "I'm really glad that I met you, Amity Blight," she meant every word of it.
And when Amity replied, "I'm glad I met you too, Luz Noceda, even if you make me do stupid things," she knew that Amity felt the same.
All For One was, objectively speaking, terrifying.
Perhaps the scariest villain they would ever face, all of 1A put together. Heck, all of UA put together.
Had it not been for the rigorous training during the summer camp, Ochako is pretty sure she would have been on her knees, puking her guts out by now.
To see Deku stand against the villain, spine straight and chin held high, it was…
It was somehow even scarier than if they had to face AFO on their own.
Deku shouldn’t have to do this, shouldn’t have to put himself in-between his classmates and the threat, but he did, anyway.
As All Might’s protege, he felt it was his responsibility to shoulder the attacks of All Might’s biggest enemy.
Having One For All didn’t help with that, the quirk painting a large target on his back.
With the villains pressing advantage at every side, All Might had no choice but to share that secret with the entirety of their class.
And now… Now they all stood against All For One.
This was it. They would either defeat him or die trying.
“My, my,” the villain was saying, his mouth stretched out in a mocking grin. “Such a warm welcome you have prepared. All for me?”
Deku didn’t answer that - not after Shinsou’s disappearance last week - instead charging straight at the man, arm cocked back.
He was practically telegraphing his moves, intent obvious as day, but the villain-
Did not move.
Was this a trap? What was he planning?
Deku seemed like he was hesitating, just a little, too, but it was too late. The motion finished smoothly and…
The punch landed.
All For One crumpled to the ground like a wet tissue.
“FUCK!” Deku yelled at the top of his lungs, kneeling by the villain’s side. Sure, he was a bleeding heart, but in Ochako’s humble opinion, being concerned about AFO’s well-being was a little over the top. “I thought you would duck!”
...Wait, what?
“I was curious how strong you have gotten,” the villain said, voice a little muffled. He sat up easily enough, pausing only to spit a couple of teeth. “I think you’ve managed to pulverize a bit of my jawbone, there.”
“There are less dangerous ways of finding that out!” Deku groaned, exasperated.
Ochako wanted to focus on these words, she really did, but-
“What’s up with his face?” Kaminari asked, ripples of shock passing through the crowd.
Because he was right. AFO’s face was flickering, like a badly screwed-in lightbulb.
From underneath the eyeless face they’ve grown used to, a shock of white hair was peaking out.
“You’ve messed up your makeup!” Deku lamented, carding his hand through AFO’s hair, the illusion dispelling in its wake. “This is precisely why I told you to avoid headshots!”
“Well, you’re the one who went for my head.”
“Because I thought you were smart enough to duck! Don’t tell me you got rid of all the decent defensive quirks?”
A portal appeared off to the side, a familiar head popping out of it.
“Guys,” Shinsou said. “This isn’t a dress rehearsal. You’re messing up in front of an audience.”
Izuku startled, looking back at them, his eyes briefly connecting with Ochako’s.
AFO cackled. “No plan survives contact with the enemy, my dear.”
“Mine do,” Izuku growled, his eyes so, so much colder than ever before. “Unless somebody decides to go off-script!”
“But it was getting so boring” All For One pressed the back of his hand to his forehead, falling over dramatically. The last remains of his disguise dissipated under his touch, his intact face fully visible. “Can you blame me for wanting to make it a little bit more… Exciting?”
“Yes!” Deku threw his hands into the air before turning around sharply. His eyes scanned through the crowd, more focused than before.
“So, are we done playing heroes and villains yet, son?”
Izuku sighed, tension falling from his shoulders.
“...Fine.” He said, waving his hand. “And with that anticlimactic reveal - thank you so much for that, father dear - we have a wrap, everyone!”
“Fucking finally,” Aizawa-sensei called, stretching as he limped towards Izuku.
He was going to stop this, right? He was going to erase whatever quirk was affecting Deku, and they could go back to fighting AFO-
“I want a reset,” Aizawa-sensei demanded, outstretching his hand towards Deku.
What… What was going on?!
“Aww, Shou-nii, already?”
Shou-nii?!
Aizawa-sensei just looked at Deku, unimpressed, but her friend - was he still her friend? That was just a quirk, right…?
Deku was already holding his hand and swiping through the air, as if looking through an inventory of something.
“Any preference?”
“Anytime before USJ will be fine,” Aizawa-sensei shrugged.
Sparks glowed around him, not too different from Eri’s quirk, and when they died down, Aizawa-sensei was back in one piece.
...Looking like he was fifteen.
He growled, glaring at the smugly smiling Deku.
“You weren’t specific enough,” Deku shrugged, but grabbed Aizawa-sensei’s arm again, enveloping him in the lights again.
He looked the same as he always did, now. There was no scar under his eye anymore, though.
“Shouta, come here!” AFO called, getting to his feet. “I’ve missed you, dear!”
“Shouta?” Mic-sensei called over from their side, his voice sounding heart-broken. “Shouta, what’s going on?”
But Aizawa-sensei was far too busy hugging All For One to respond.
“...Sensei?” Mina called, confused.
“Not your teacher anymore,” Aizawa-sensei responded, rolling his shoulders around. “Get used to it.”
Another portal opened. Shinsou appeared again, throwing himself into Aizawa-sensei’s arms.
“Giri missed you,” their previously-missing classmate could just barely be heard saying as they passed out of view.
“He’s more excited to go see his fiance than he is to see his own father,” AFO pouted, hands on his hips, as if that hadn't been the correct order of prioritites.
“Right, everyone!” Izuku clapped his hands, before glaring back at AFO. “It would have only taken another three weeks to make all of them switch, but since someone sped up the timeline… Positions, please!”
Ochako went on high alert, glancing around, but before she could move even an inch-
Someone grabbed her arms in a tight hold, wrapping capture tape all over her fingers and wrists.
“Sorry, Ochako-chan, kero,” Tsuyu said from behind her.
“Tsu-chan?” Ochako called, feeling betrayed. Of all people…
Although it seemed like Tsu hadn’t been the only one. In fact, there were a lot of members of class A currently restraining their classmates, even-
“Iida?” Ochako startled. “Todoroki?”
They glanced back at her, but didn’t waste much time, busy restraining Kirishima and Sato.
Aoyama was a little further away, wrangling Hagakure.
Was Ochako the only member of Dekusquad who didn’t turn to the villain’s side?
“You know,” Deku said, stepping a little closer towards her. “They say crime doesn’t pay, but they’re so, so wrong. It pays, and it pays quite a lot.”
Ochako stared at him, unimpressed.
“Sloppy!” All For One heckled.
“I don’t exactly have time for a full-blown manipulation right now,” Deku gritted through his teeth, the pleasant expression slipping a little. Sighing, he turned towards Ochako again, his expression seemingly sincere. “Look, you have two options. Either you join me, or you join the leftovers of UA in wherever we decide to dump them. You’ll do great things in life… But you need to pick the right option.”
Ochako spat at his feet.
Deku just sighed again, moving on to the next person.
Hagakure joined easily after a short whispered conversation. Kirishima was convinced once he realized Bakugou supported Deku. Sato refused.
In the end, there was just a small group of them left, and half of it was made up of teachers.
“Tartarus is ours, right?” Deku questioned All For One once he returned to the front.
“Unless something went catastrophically wrong since I left,” All For One shrugged.
Deku already had a phone in hand. “Great,” he said, and that was the last Ochako saw of him before she was falling down through a portal.
"I'll never forgive you, you know."
The words are spat out with an accompanying glare. No matter how hard Tasuku tried to bottle up his anger, part of it seeped out. While not in his voice, it did in his eyes. The Omni Lord found it amusing enough to make him smile.
"I wouldn't expect you to," Suzaku hums.
What he did was terrible, really. He knows that. Does he regret taking away his Buddy for his selfish desire to return home? Not really. The only thing he regrets is the plan having gone wrong. It's not like he meant to harm that dragon- he was one of his world after all.
"And yet here we are. Again."
He lets out a breath as he gets comfortable in his seat. Tasuku sat across from him, his focus given to the Neodragon. If he were to do anything out of the ordinary, he's sure that Tasuku would pick up on it immediately. While his lies may have worked before, they sure as hell wouldn't work now.
"I don't trust you speaking with others," Tasuku replies. "I'd rather keep my eyes on you."
"That's a rather bold statement. Are you sure there are no hidden meanings?"
An eye peaks open to look at the boy. Caught with tinted cheeks, he fakes a cough and brings his hand up to hide his face.
"There isn't. This is strictly professional between us."
Another hum from Suzaku. Now he's the one noting the human's movements. How he tries to straighten his back, keep a proper posture with arms crossed on the table. He was so young, yet trying to grow up so fast.
The Omni Lord stands from his seat. With careful steps, he walks to stand beside the boy. Not once did he flinch in his presence, nor backed down because of what he was. Whether he should be described as brave or reckless, he couldn't decide.
"Are you sure your heart isn't beating with a little excitement?" He jabs at the boy's chest with his fan. It's promptly swatted away.
"Suzaku..." The boy hisses out his name.
"I was only joking." Suzaku sighs and pulls the fan up, opening it to shield his face. "You know I dislike the way you make me feel anyway."
To have a soft spot for a human- of all creatures! With their short life spans and barbaric technology. Not to mention they were literally stuck in the past. It was almost as bad (if not worse) as falling for someone in Dragon World.
And yet, here he was. Agreeing to meet with the human under the guise of keeping a connection to Star Dragon World.
Tasuku's lips form into a grin. It's an annoyingly proud look.
"I know. You can say it's my way of getting back at you."
Maybe he deserved this for what he did to the boy. He would have preferred to escape back home with nothing holding him back. At least being bound to a human wasn't so bad. He could get something out of this if he played his cards right.
And he always did.






A whispering wind pulls at the trees, heated whispers curling the ends of the leaves brown. Nestled within the wizened oaks, a stately house looks out over the port. Two large bay windows face the sea, behind them, a large mirror reflects the moonlight back into the deeper recesses of the house. A man stands just in front of this mirror.
Inside, he sees Conquistador Sancho de Ribera, standing tall wearing armour polished to gleaming perfection, the crests and vines flowing over the metal from piece to piece mapping the paths he took in his training, making him the man he is today…but inside, he still feels like the little boy his grandmother would call “pequeño san-san”.
“Incluso ahora, te pareces mucho a tu madre.”
He turns towards the sound of the voice. The wizened woman walking in is clothed in a long black mourning robe, gnarled hands gripping a worn eagle-headed cane, wreathed in the scent of spices. Followed by a uniformed guard silently waiting in the doorway. She's grinning as she analyses him, breath whistling through a large gap in her teeth.
Sancho smiles wryly, running a hand down his face before gesturing at his beard. ¿Estássegura, abuela?
“Claro que soy yo.”The lines of her face rumple as she chuckles. “Ninguna cantidad de cabello puede ocultar tu sonrisa.”
Silence slowly winds up between them. “Sancho…Por qué estás yendo...?”
“Abuela, no!” She jolts at his sharp tone, and he immediately curls in on himself. A harsh breath escapes through gritted teeth, almost a whistle, and then he steps forward and hesitantly reaches for her hands. She holds out one hand palm up, he gratefully takes her proffered hand and bows his head. “Lo seinto. Sabes que no estoylisto para que nosdejestodavía ... no comomamá ... todavía no.”
Cocking her head, she raises her hand out of his and pinches his cheek lightly. “Entonces quieres ir a perseguir leyendas.” There is the sudden clang of metal on metal as her cane jabs into his shin with all the force she can muster. Pain radiates up his leg and, with a yelp, he jumps back and clutches his foot.




“Solo asegúrate de regresar.” She pats his cheek twice before turning to leave, the sharp tap of her cane drowning out the shuffle of her slippers. He watches her go, rubbing the joints near his shin.
Standing is an awkward affair, he clanks as he moves, clambering to his feet and stumbling when the blood rushes to his brain. He topples sideways and catches himself on the mirror frame, nose-to-nose with his reflection. A glance sideways catches him looking straight at the moon, light bouncing into his irises, he flinches.


The stench of sweat and sick lies heavy on the air within the bedroom, barely fought back by the bitter bite of spice. A grand four-poster bed takes up the centre right of the room, sides bare where once hung beautiful curtains of red and blue.
Several layers of sheer fabric hang between the bed and the door.
Four people stand on the other side of the curtain by the bedside of the pale young woman tucked in its sheets. Two men, an older woman, and a little boy. The sickly woman's eyes are closed, lids a dark purple compared to the ashen pallor of the rest of her.
The closest of the four closes a carry-case and shakes his head, he weaves away towards the door and leaves. Seeing this, the boy pulls himself away form the older woman and throws himself through the curtain, collapsing to his knees to clutch the unmoving woman's hand.
“ Mamá … no te vayas mama! ” He presses his forehead to her knuckles, whispering his pleas over and over.
The older woman slowly follows him, tears tracing lines down her cheeks. Against the wall, the other man scoffs and turns away, slamming the door as he leaves.
“Ella se ha ido .” A hand falls on the boy’s shoulders, the sudden warmth only making him cling harder to his mother’s cooling hand. “ Ven aquí , mi pequeño y valiente san-san . ”
The boy turns and flings himself into the arms of the older woman, wailing in anguish.
* * *
The little boy kneels on the floor, pushing a small wooden duck along the floor. The heat of the midday sun filters in though the organza curtains, tickling the skin on the back of his neck. He is older now; face a little thinner, hair curling down past his chin, darker streaks branching out from the roots of his blonde hair.
He is alone in the oaken panelled room. Dust particles float in the air, leaving a shimmer in the air. The scents of lemon and linen mingle with the bitter scent of the varnish used to polish the mantle to gleaming perfection.
“ ¡ T u borracho !”
“ ¡ Maldita vieja !”
“ ¡ Mataste a mi hija antes de que la enfermedad se la llevara !”
¡Ni siquiera podía vivir para criar a ese debilucho !

The glasses on the mantle vibrate with every shout. Staggered thumps grow closer and the boy scrambles for cover, ducking behind a nearby oak chest. Pain shoots up his arm as he collides with the corner.
The doorhandle rattles before a violent force strikes it form the other side. The bang as the door violently collides with the wall makes the boy flinch, hiding his face from the man that steps through. He is as terrifying as a slobbering giant to the boy, a cold glint in his eyes, the same he had when he left the room before.
He reaches down and grabs the boy, who yelps in fear, dragging him from the room and down a carpeted corridor. He shakes him in front of the older woman storming towards them, pitching the boy forward to his knees.
"¡Este es el problema, no yo!"
The woman falls to a crouch and pulls the boy into her arms, fingers drifting over the reddening skin on his arm, eyes hardening as she glares up at the man. Behind her several men in pressed uniforms rush down the corridor to flank her.
"Salir." Her first attempt is a whisper, choking on her pain, her second is a shout. "Salir!" The servants surround the man and grab him, dragging him bodily past the woman and boy. He screams and shouts, wriggling in their grip like a worm on a hook, fists seeking purchase against their iron grips.
The woman stands and pulls the boy to his feet. "Ven pequeño san-san, debes mirar." They follow the shrieking spectacle to the door, where the man is bodily thrown onto the shingle path, skidding on the stones.
The little boy holds back tears as he clutched his Abuela’s skirts, watching wordless as she banishes the man from the house. He gesticulates and swears profusely, but otherwise shies away from the shadows of the guards and stumbles down the path.


“¿Sancho,estas listo?” A shadow drifts into the reflection, standing just outside the door, features blurred by distance and darkness.
The scent of almonds twists Sancho’s senses, the last note of lemons causing him to wrinkly his nose. He doesn’t need to turn to know who is outside.
Pulling away from the mirror, he brushes a speck of imaginary dust of his breastplate, turning to grin at his friend outside. "Podía olerle viniendo Melchor. No vamos a ir a una fiesta, sabes."
The man shakes his head at Sancho. "Dice el hombre besando su reflejo."
Sancho bounds over to the window, looking over his shoulder before shrugging and climbing out. "No me estaba besando ... no importa ...gracias por esperarme." He pats Melchor's shoulder as he falls out the window onto him. The stones surrounding the flowerbed clatter in the night.


"Un poco más y les habría dicho que te dejaran atrás." Melchor pushes him upright and knocks his fist against Sancho's helmet. "Eres soltero, y sin embargo, tardaste más que Aguirre."
Sancho cocks an eyebrow and nudges Melchor in the side, "Está bien, está bien, vámonos," he pushes him down the slope to the path.
Sancho turns and taps a hand on the windowsill, waving into the house before turning to follow Melchor to the dock. He laughs when the other man swears and stumbles, the sound of clattering pottery echoing in the air. "No aplastes las flores, ¡son sus favoritas!"
It’s a well-documented fact that the Netflix docuseries that’s been produced about them and their sport has been fairly popular in the years since it’s started airing. If Lando had to wager a guess, he’d say nearly everyone in the paddock but Mattia and maybe Marko were aware of that popularity as well.
Being aware though doesn’t mean they actively watch it. In fact, he’d wager that the greater the number of people in the paddock there are who are aware it exists is probably negatively correlated to those who actively watch it and its manufactured drama.
In so many words:  Lando and Carlos are two drivers who do not watch it and who refuse to start. And okay, maybe Lando secretly watched half or three-quarters of season one, but he definitely didn’t go back for two or three after learning the real answers as to what goes on in the paddock.
Except, apparently one member of his household does watch it now because Lando walks in one morning after training with Jon to find Carlos, still very much in England and not in Italy like he was supposed to be, sitting on the couch and watching a talking head of Chrisitan Horner running his mouth about something over-dramatic as usual.
“I thought you were going back to Italy for the last few days of break for meetings and such before France?” Lando says in lieu of a proper greeting. Don’t get him wrong— he is very happy that his boyfriend’s still in the country— he’s just confused about some things.
The speed that the television exits back to the Netflix home page is almost impressive. “I thought you were going to the MTC when you were done with Jon?” Lando laughs to himself, dropping his bag by the door and walking to the kitchen instead of to the lounge to grab a bottle of water. When Lando turns around, Carlos has appeared at the kitchen bar, an innocent questioning look trying to deflect from being caught with his hand in the metaphorical cookie jar.
“Jon had an emergency and I didn’t tell Andreas I’d be there until later. Why aren’t you on a plane halfway to Italy by now?” Lando walks to the sink, directly in front of Carlos, and leans down with his elbows against the counter to mirror Carlos’ posture.
“I was supposed to test some new parts out on the car but they were delayed long enough that there wouldn’t be enough time to do anything meaningful. I was going to surprise you but I guess that didn’t work out.”
“Yeah… about that. I thought you were on the ‘anti-Drive to Survive’ team? Weren’t you the one who told me they spun your words out of control in the past?” Lando’s not really mad or peeved, they both know, but he’s going to milk how guilty Carlos looks because he loves him and it’s funny.
“Rupert told me to watch a few episodes that were especially bad— wrote me a list and everything.” Carlos shrugs and runs a hand through his hair that looks like it’s barely been brushed. As discreetly as possible, Lando diverts his attention to look at the clock above the stove to see how much time he has until he needs to be back at the MTC.
“Ah, so just doing homework then. I guess I can excuse that. Well, I can’t tell you how happy I am that I don’t have to sleep alone tonight. Definitely wasn’t expecting this.”
The change in subject clearly signals to Carlos that Lando’s finished ‘being mad’, so he circles his way around the counter and slides up to Lando’s side near the sink. He reaches a hand out to hook into Lando’s t-shirt and pulls him closer, Lando going easily. “I’m happy I get to stay too.”
Sometimes, it’s the simple things that fill Lando with warmth and love. It’s the sunlight that will stream into the lounge at 5:00 and catch on the dust motes dancing through the air, setting them alight and making everything in their path glow. It’s the feeling of waking up too early, the feeling of Carlos still sleeping on or near him, and realizing he gets to sleep for a bit longer. It’s the simple way, like now, that Carlos pronounces certain letters in English— the ‘h’ of ‘happy’ coming from the back of his throat. Simple, lovely, all Lando’s.
“Mmm, you know, I have an hour and a half until I told Andreas I’d meet up with him,” Lando murmurs, leaning forward into Carlos’ space. Carlos pulls him impossibly closer, doing his best to avoid Lando’s searching mouth and nuzzling his nose up against his. If he’s trying to drive Lando mad, it’s working.
“And you want to spend it with me? I feel so honored.”
It’s the least Lando deserves after making fun of catching Carlos on Netflix, but that doesn’t mean Lando has to be happy about it. He bites back the whine in his throat as one of Carlos’ hands skirts lower down his back. “I mean...unless you’d rather spend your time watching Christian Horner act like a drama queen…”
The ultimatum has the desired effect on Carlos. Between one breath and the next, Carlos hikes Lando up, the latter going full koala to avoid being dropped, and carries them back to the still very unmade bed from earlier this morning. He’ll assure Jon later that he didn’t lose out on too much active time this morning.

“Did you watch our episode?” Carlos asks two days later while walking into the kitchen. He’s got his day-off clothes on, which consist of a particularly large pullover and a pair of joggers that Lando wants to positively rip off him. He doesn’t though because Lando’s a mature adult who is in the middle of cleaning out the fridge in preparation for being away for three weeks. Instead, he turns around and tries to make himself busy for a moment.
“Of this recent season? You mean the one where you suddenly hate me because I’m the prodigal child destined to overtake you and lead McLaren to glory?” It’s an exaggeration, but from what Lando’s heard of the episode, it isn’t far off.
“Ah, so you have watched it then.” Rather than remain on the other side of the kitchen bar, Carlos walks around and drapes himself across Lando’s back where he’s currently hunched over rearranging the shelves of the fridge.
Lando can’t help but snort. “Charlotte told me about it actually. Something about it being her job. Didn’t seem too keen on it, and based on the questions I remember them asking, I can only imagine how they took my answers out of context.”
Carlos’ arms wind around Lando’s waist and come to settle comfortably at his diaphragm. It’s incredibly inconvenient for Lando’s adult brain that’s trying to stay in cleaning mode for as long as possible, but the weight of Carlos at his back is too tempting— too distracting. Rather, Lando stands straight and settles his weight against Carlos’ chest while the latter chuckles, likely remembering what his own Netflix questions were.
“I bet one of them was ‘do you think Carlos regrets signing with Ferrari given their performance this year so far.’”
“Something something ‘how do you think your relationship with Carlos has changed now that your results are a bigger threat.’”
“Oh, not leading at all I see. Nothing for them to take out of context in the least.”
Lando can’t help but laugh, pretty aware of how his responses likely colored their relationship. “And what did you say, huh? Charlotte didn’t give me any specifics other than that it was reminiscent of the alleged Max and Daniel drama from season one.”
An exaggerated groan forces its way out of Carlos’ throat, the sounds made louder due to their proximity. Despite Carlos’ apparent feelings towards his own part in the episode, he places a quick and solid kiss on the back of Lando’s neck where it pokes out from the collar of his shirt.
When Carlos pulls his arms back to himself, Lando misses the contact immediately. He takes solace in the fact that Carlos doesn’t go too far though, electing to perch himself on one of the nearby bar stools. “Apparently, the race where the team made me let you through was my villain origin story. It made me so mad that I kicked your chair out from under you.”
It takes Lando a moment to even remember what race Carlos is talking about, that’s how insignificant it was in the grand scheme of things. He thinks maybe he does remember the second instance though, but no real anger or animosity surfaces with it. “That was the wet race? I tried giving you my wet chair.”
“Mhmm. They used a quote about me rarely externalizing my anger over that clip. I almost had to laugh if it wasn’t so typical.”
“Has anyone got on one of those talking heads and said anything about separating race from personal? That it’s possible to leave things on the track? Jeez, if they’re so certain we hate each other, they should come here next season. Be in for a rude awakening then,” Lando mutters the last sentence while aggressively rinsing an apple.
At the end of the day, Lando knows Netflix creates plotlines in order to create and sell drama about the inner workings of their sport. And it’s not that their behind-the-scenes work is boring, but there exist days or weeks that are simply mundane. If a major media company wants to create a docuseries about all of F1’s dirty little secrets, quiet weeks aren’t going to work. They’re going to dig and ask leading questions. It just has to be something Lando accepts. After all, Daniel and Max figured it out. Maybe it’s the idea that it’s his own relationship that’s under scrutiny more than anything.
What Netflix neglected to ask was how the two of them wound down from a frustrating race where they weren’t allowed to race each other because of preexisting team plans. How do they talk to each other and reconcile that Lando doesn’t think he’s better or more deserving than Carlos for a good finish? They didn’t ask— they won’t.
Netflix doesn’t care that Lando and Carlos don’t talk team politics outside of the paddock. They don’t care that they come home together— have for nearly a year and a half— and that doesn’t all of a sudden change if one of them gets overtaken by the other during a race, or if one of them seemingly abruptly changes teams and commits so early in the season.
They don’t know and they don’t care. All they want is the drama and yet, Lando gets to sit here and live with Carlos and confidently know that none of that manufactured drama is real. Clearly, he’s the true winner here and not the Netflix executive who thinks they’re probably brilliant for the plotlines they craft out of seemingly thin air.

All of a sudden though, where Lando hasn’t thought about the Netflix crew present in the paddock during the first half of the season, no more aware of them than he was of Henrik or any other media crew, he’s almost hyper-aware now. They’re with Mercedes one weekend, following Lewis and Valtteri obnoxiously close. A few days later, they’re with George and Nicolas. They pop up here and there, and it’s a little stressful.
The question of why it’s suddenly stressful is one that Lando also has to now dig within himself to find the answer to. It could have to do with the fact that Carlos has outlined a little bit of what went on in Rupert’s list of bad episodes he’s been making his way through. From watching the first bit of season one, Lando remembers the drama they’d jumped out of the gate with concerning Max and Daniel. Objectively, he knows that it was blown out of proportion since Lando also knows both men are still happily together.
What Lando didn’t know was that after all the drama with Daniel leaving Red Bull in season one and the apparent bad blood between him and Max, the show had touched on it again in the following season. They’d tried dredging up drama at the expense of a manufactured plot when everyone had already moved on.
Lando and Carlos may have gotten off pretty easy in season two, but based on the further in-depth discussion he’s had with Carlos over season three, they hadn’t been afforded the same grace again. In some ways, it was a bit worse than Lando had initially thought. It would be one thing if it was a single episode with a dragged-out excuse to talk about Lando coming into his own and Carlos moving to Ferrari, but Lando’s well aware of how he’s been doing this season so far. He’s aware he’s out-performing Daniel right now and getting results in nearly every race.
Suddenly, the question over their single plotline from season three is threatening to drag out another season full of pointedly framed questions that make it sound like Lando’s bad-mouthing either his new teammate or his boyfriend. The pressure and anxiety spikes every time he sees that stupid red ‘N’.
Carlos tries calming him with his kind and comforting words, and it works a little. He’s right when he says that no one who matters in the grand scheme of their relationship watches or puts much stock into the show. But at the same time, Lando thinks that one day, he’d like to finally broadcast their relationship to the general public. What happens when suddenly, people have these receipts of him seemingly bad-mouthing Carlos on tv?
“What happens, Carlos?” Lando asks, voice a touch shrill one night while they’re lying in bed in one of the countless hotel rooms for the season.
The tiny peal of laughter that Carlos lets out before pulling Lando close and placing a kiss at his temple makes Lando feel like he’s overreacting a bit. “Please calm down. You act like they will make you slander me for next season. They will not do anything too bad, please don’t worry, cariño, okay?”
Lando lets himself be pulled close and forgets about everything for the weekend.
The next time Lando’s filming a competition with Daniel though, he gets an idea to potentially help ease this ongoing game of cat and mouse eternally on loop in his brain.
For teammates who are new to racing with each other and working closely, Lando and Daniel know a somewhat surprising number of each other’s ‘secrets’.They’ve only ever talked to each other about Carlos or Max a handful of times, but Lando figures it’s enough to get his advice on how to navigate this PR nightmare both from a professional and personal standpoint.
“How did you guys deal with the narrative that you hated each other and that switching to Renault was because you were running from a fight?” Lando broaches Daniel while they’re between interviews. He’s carefully made sure there aren’t any cameras around, no lurking Netflix producer trying desperately to get a bit of unfiltered behind-the-scenes gossip.
Daniel casts Lando a sideways glance up from his phone, a raised eyebrow at Lando’s seemingly random question. It’s not so random, Lando justifies to himself. Netflix has been following Ferrari around this week and McLaren’s on the schedule for the second race following the summer break barring any serious racing incidents or drama they’d need him for.
Still, Daniel remains silent for a moment before finally clicking the power button on his phone and directing his attention to Lando. “Mainly just ignored it all and tried to answer their incredibly leading questions as unbiased as we could. Why, you nervous now that you and Carlos are on different teams this year?”
Lando shrugs, thinking of the correct words to get his thoughts adequately across. “I mean, we did it last year, and I’m well aware of the plot they tried to drum up around our answers and Buxton’s insightful commentary. I never watched the episode, but Carlos did one day while I was out. So I guess it’s more of an anxiety in just knowing that awful depiction of us exists out there.”
“Well,” Daniel huffs out a breath and glances down at his phone briefly when it lights up with a text from Max. “If it’s any help, once I left Red Bull, they mostly dropped the manufactured drama between Max and me. There were a few comments at the beginning, I heard, but nothing like season one. You’ve also got the benefit of only having gone through it once and the made-up arc being a one-episode thing rather than half an entire season’s mess. We got through it though,” Daniel seems to add as an obvious afterthought. As if he and Max aren’t still together, the latter probably texting Daniel about dinner plans. “Just vital to remember it’s another self-contained persona. You’ve got racing-Carlos, person-Carlos, and now Netflix-Carlos. It’s easy after that, really.”
Lando groans for want of anything else to do. “D’you think Charlotte would kill me if I just declined their offer this year? Say I actually changed my mind?”
Daniel scoffs and rolls his eyes. “Yeah, I’m sure that’d go well and wouldn’t raise any eyebrows. Try it out and then I can answer all your questions for you. I’ll try to evoke the same air of indifference towards Carlos you have when they ask about him and your relationship now that he’s officially at Ferrari and behind you in the championship. Be sure to sprinkle in a bit of how besotted you two are with each other still.”
“‘Besotted’? I’m sure they’d buy that no problem.”
“Yeah, because that’s the issue with this fantasy of yours. Don’t worry mate, this isn’t your first time here. You know Charlotte’s gonna be there the whole time. Plus, you’ll have the list of questions a week or two ahead of time, and she’ll tell them not to ask any that you don’t want to. Everyone here has got your back.”
Realistically, Lando knows that Daniel’s right. This will be his fourth time being interviewed by them— he’s not a rookie anymore. Their questions— which he will get beforehand, will be predictable to build a narrative of the most competitive drama possible. He’s sure there will be one in there about Daniel joining the team, but Lando has nothing but positive things to say about that transition. Plus, it doesn’t hurt that nothing too major has happened to him this year to hound him about.
“Who knows about you all, anyway? If anything ever got out without you two okaying it, I feel like it’d be a lot of ‘oh we saw that coming’.”
“Uh… both families, our trainers, you, Max, and Charlotte to make sure everything stays as air-tight as possible. Wouldn’t be surprised if Zak or Henrik knew though and were just being discreet.” Lando’s trying not to fidget as he adds up how many people are clued into them.
“Well, if Zak or Andreas don’t already know, I think they would definitely be on the ‘we saw that coming’ team. God, half the paddock’s probably on that team already without even realizing it.”
Lando drops his head down into one of his hands propped against his folded legs. He takes a deep breath and closes his eyes, picking absently at the skin above his eyebrows. “That’s not nearly as reassuring as you think it is, believe it or not.”
Before Daniel can say anything else, Charlotte and Henrik walk back over to the couch, Charlotte’s cheery voice bringing them back to the present.
Maybe it’s the fact that Daniel’s an outside party to Lando’s internal conflict, but he thinks maybe his teammate has a point about this too. For now, the ever-present tide that threatens to swallow him up ebbs instead of creeping ever closer.
While on the high of having solved the problem in the immediate present, Lando replies to an email Charlotte had sent a few days prior asking for confirmation on his participation in this season’s filming. He closes his eyes and hits ‘send’ before thinking twice.

The high of finishing third in Austria is quickly leveled by being knocked out of the race in Hungary at the start. It’s the perfect race to lead into the summer break with because it gives him plenty of time to stew on what could have been done differently regardless of the fact that it wasn’t his fault.
And okay, maybe the summer break also affords Lando and Carlos the time to do other things as well besides thinking about fucking Hungary of all places.
Lando tags along to Mallorca with Carlos and his family and revels in the perfect weather and food. The mornings are heavenly and the nights euphoric. It’s the first time they’ve truly had the opportunity to relax this season, and taken advantage of it they have.
Out of the corner of Lando’s eye late one afternoon while they’re lounging out on a blanket in the sand, Lando catches Carlos snap a photo of him. He hears Carlos click his tongue against the back of his front teeth, thoughtful as he looks down at his phone.
“Enjoying the view?” Lando can’t help but ask. With the sun setting off to one side of Lando, it sits in the perfect spot to cast a glow on Carlos’ face when the latter looks up. A soft smile settles on Carlos’ face when they make eye contact in the foot and a half distance between them.
Carlos hums and types out something on his phone. “Me? Always. I would be a fool not to.” And then he’s holding the phone up for Lando to see.
He has to admit, it’s a really nice picture— one Lando might post of himself, but it’s open on Carlos’ Instagram page, ready to post to his own account. Something swirls in Lando’s stomach as he flits his eyes between the phone to Carlos and back to the phone. “You don’t think it’s too much?” He doesn’t ask the obvious question of ‘you want to post it?’ because obviously, Carlos does. And really, the question he asks is a bit obvious in its own right because duh, Carlos has it open on his account— he clearly doesn’t think it’s too much.
“You’ve already posted photos of the family and the beach. Everyone already knows where you are. Plus, I really want to show you off,” he adds in a lower register, suggestively raising his eyebrows for Lando’s sake.
It certainly breaks the tension Lando can feel building in his shoulders. He grins, toothy and wide, and lets loose a string of giggles when Carlos half tackles him to the ground. An argument could be made that every post they make of each other is ‘too much’, really— and that was them trying to be modest and discreet.
To hell with it all, Lando thinks fleetingly as Carlos steals a quick kiss before sitting up on his knees and hitting ‘post’, only to toss his phone back to the ground, destined to be lost somewhere in the folds of the blanket. Lando finds it difficult to think for much longer on it when Carlos lowers himself back down to Lando and makes him forget all about Instagram and modesty.
Later, with the sun nearly disappearing behind the roof of the house and Carlos’ head pressed to Lando’s chest, the former settled comfortably between his legs, Lando fishes for his own phone some feet away. Carlos grumbles at the movement, but Lando quiets him with a hand lightly scratching up his back.
It only takes a few moments before Lando’s on Carlos’ profile and tapping on the picture of himself. He looks like he’s glowing, a perfect golden halo in the middle of golden hour. The caption causes him to do a double-take because Carlos has typed out: “He thought the view was pretty, but I thought he was prettier.” It straddles the line between joking and serious depending on the prior knowledge of the viewer. Just on the border of too much, but Lando knows how Carlos means it because he means it the same way.
“You’re such a sap,” he murmurs. Carlos only hums, though whether he knows the context, Lando’s not sure right now.
They lay there for ten more minutes before Caco’s calling them for dinner from up the beach. He’s probably too afraid to venture any closer, a fact that Lando finds funnier than he should, being a guest in their home.

“Oh God,” Lando moans to himself from his spot on the couch. He’s busy scrolling through social media, swathed in a blanket, and feet solidly settled in Carlo’s lap while the latter’s busy playing video games on the television. They’re back in England for the last few days of break, soaking in the tranquil calm afternoon in between workouts and training. At Lando’s outburst though, Carlos pauses his game and looks over, settling his hands on Lando’s socked feet.
“What’s wrong? Is everything okay?”
“Depends on your definition of ‘okay’. Just got my Netflix email from Charlotte with the questions they want to ask. Feel like I should have alcohol out for this.” Lando’s thumb hovers over the notification, the preview message opening with, “Hey Lando, just got forwarded the DTS producers’ first…”
Carlos looks at him expectantly. “Just open it. You know mine weren’t that bad. If you don’t want to answer any of them, you tell Charlotte.” At Lando’s continued hesitance, Carlos holds out his hand. “Do you want me to look at them?”
Lando shouldn’t be this afraid to look at a damn list of questions. Carlos isn’t on his team— they aren’t going to hound him about his former teammate. He and Daniel have nothing but respect for each other too— there won’t be any answer to incriminate himself with there either. And yet…
He reluctantly hands Carlos his phone.
Carlos looks down at Lando’s phone before taking it upon himself to apparently read Charlotte’s email out loud. “‘Hey Lando, just got forwarded the DTS producers’ first draft of questions for your session with them in a couple of weeks. Have a look at them and let me know if you want me to scrub any. They don’t look too bad, but I’ll let you have the final say. Thanks, Charlotte.’” Lando watches Carlos click on the attachment and go silent while he reads through the proposed questions.
Somewhat infuriatingly, Carlos remains largely straight-faced, betraying nothing. That’s either a promising outlook or they’re actually all awful and Carlos is simply trying to shield Lando until the end.
“Oh my God, they ask if we are together,” Carlos finishes. He looks over at Lando with comically wide eyes, and Lando wants to smack him.
“Oh shut up, they do not.” He reaches forward for his phone, which Carlos lets go of easily. Carlos is laughing to himself anyway as if he were the funniest comedian who has ever lived.
“No, they do not. Charlotte was right though— they are not that bad. Only two even touch on us. The rest of them are talking about your season, a little about Daniel, and a few about your relationships with other drivers on the track this year.”
While he reads, Lando goes quiet. Carlos is right— they aren’t that bad. Some of the nerves that had been alight in Lando’s stomach abate a bit, and he feels like he can properly breathe.
“‘How are Daniel and Carlos different teammates to you? Do you think you get along as well with Daniel as you did with Carlos?’” Lando reads aloud even though Carlos has already read the question. “I mean, obviously not, but they don’t need to know the details about why not for that one,” he can’t help but snicker. Carlos joins in on that one as well for a moment.
“Get that one out of your system now so you don’t accidentally say that in front of them. Charlotte won’t be able to save you once the cat is out of the bag on that.”
“Mmm don’t remind me…” Lando looks back at the list. “A little worried about the potential follow-up questions to this one: ‘Now that you and Carlos are on different teams, you obviously don’t see each other as much anymore. Did that make sharing the podium in Monaco any different or better? Talk us through that race.’”
The question isn’t inherently invasive by any means. It isn’t pitting the two of them against each other like last year or asking about jealousy. It’s about their friendship and what it was like to share the podium in Monaco together as good friends. And yet, Lando’s sure the implication of them being more than friends lies just beyond this initial question.
Dodging them would be as simple as telling Charlotte he’d rather just focus on the racing element and steer away from the interpersonal. A part of Lando wants to talk about Carlos getting a podium with him in Monaco though because the moment was borderline euphoric. Anyone could tell by simply watching their post-race interviews that they each crashed. To avoid that would be to shine a spotlight on the two of them, and if there’s anyone he particularly doesn’t want to do that, it’s fucking Netflix.
“Do you think I should tell Charlotte about that one? To like, watch for follow-up questions? Were you asked about Monaco? I can’t remember.” Lando looks up at Carlos and sees him already carefully watching Lando.
“They touched on it, asked me how it felt standing up there next to you. Nothing invasive. I think you’re overreacting a bit— blowing it a little out of proportion. We will tell people when we’re ready, and it won’t be on Netflix. If you say something without meaning to, Charlotte will fix it before you leave. You forget this isn’t live.”
Once again, Carlos has a point. Charlotte has his back and isn’t going to let Lando incriminate himself unintentionally on a heavily edited docuseries. “If I let all these questions through, you can’t get mad at me if they twist my answers, deal?”
“Deal. You will be fine though because I know you.”

Lando wakes up with his stomach feeling like it’s full of lead. His head is pounding and feels awful in the way it does when he’s spent the whole night tossing and turning. The warmth of the sun coming in through the window combined with Carlos’ chest against his back helps to ease the discomfort though. It feels so comforting and nice that Lando nearly lets himself fall asleep again. Besides, if his alarm hasn’t gone off, then surely he’s okay.
For whatever reason though, Lando casts a glance towards the alarm clock on the nightstand in the hotel room and sees a time that’s a good fifteen minutes later than it should be. Fishing for his phone on the nightstand, Lando, unfortunately, figures out that no, the time is correct and that the alarm’s been silenced. Out of all days to be late, the morning he has Netflix commitments really isn’t the day to do it.
“Fuck,” Lando curses to himself while in the middle of flinging the sheets off his lower body. “Carlos, you turned the alarm off again.”
Often, they’ll have similar wake-up calls, necessitating one alarm for simplicity’s sake but every so often they’ll need two. The times are so few and far between though that this has happened more than once by now. When it happened, the repercussions were minimal because being late to a team meeting carried with it a slightly different air.
Carlos huffs, disrupted by Lando’s jostling and swearing. “What’s going on?” he manages to string together in English.
Lando’s moving as quickly as he can, throwing on the pair of jeans he wore yesterday and an unironed team polo pulled from his suitcase. It’s only by the grace of God that he manages to grab his windbreaker and not Carlos’ to go over it and run his fingers through his bed head. The stylist on set will make sure he’s camera-ready, but he can’t show up looking like he just quite literally rolled out of bed.
“You turned my alarm off accidentally and now I’m late for my interview. I have to be at the track’s conference center in ten minutes and we have a ten-minute drive.”
Carlos looks more awake when Lando finishes rambling, tugging on his shoes he’d kicked off last night when they’d gotten in from dinner. “Fuck, I’m sorry. Tell Charlotte it was my fault.”
“Oh, don’t worry— I will.” Lando can admit to himself that he’s probably feeling a minuscule amount of anger due to how tired he is. As such, he makes a point to lean back onto the bed and cradle Carlos’ jaw, pressing a firm yet lingering kiss to Carlo’s lips in parting. “I love you. I’ll let you know when I’m done.”
“You’re going to nail it. Do not forget to smile for them.” Carlos is already closing his eyes again when Lando backs out of his space, content to sleep until his own alarm goes off in a half-hour.
Lando just rolls his eyes and grabs his backpack, practically sprinting out the door and down to his car. He’s sure Carlos will make it up to him later.
By the time Lando arrives at the track and practically runs to the designated meeting place, he’s five minutes late, bordering on six or so. He apologizes profusely with some vague excuse, sending Charlotte a quick text explaining the real reason. Charlotte might be a bit miffed, but the stylists and producers just wave him off, telling him it’s fine.
As the stylists fuss with Lando’s hair, he can feel his nerves ratcheting up. All he has to do is sit in front of the camera, pretending it doesn’t exist, and just answer some questions as straightforwardly as he can. After, he can spend the rest of the weekend paying attention to the race. Lando knows everyone who's already gone and knows how smooth-sailing everything has been. He’s got nothing to worry about so long as he doesn’t forget himself.
The interview starts about ten minutes late, but the producers assure him again that it’s fine before getting into it.

“And how has this season been so far with Daniel as your teammate? Do you miss Carlos more than you thought you would?” The question is straightforward, and Lando knows there’s a straight and narrow path through it if he can just navigate it. They’re halfway through the season by now, which means that Lando’s practically an expert at this question. However, it also means that Netflix knows the answer, which also means there’s a follow-up question hiding close by.
“Yeah, Daniel’s been a great addition to the team this year. I feel lucky to get the opportunity to learn from him and let him show me some of his tricks. I do miss Carlos— I don’t get to see him often on race days in the paddock, but we see each other often outside of racing still, so it could be worse.” Lando tacks on a little chuckle at the end to drive his point home.
The woman interviewing him smiles at his trimmed and practiced answer. No doubt she’s heard it already. “What do you and Carlos like to do outside the paddock to catch up?”
What Lando very resolutely does not say is that outside of race weekends and on a rare morning they’re able to spend together, he and Carlos don’t do anything, or rather, they don’t do anything that Charlotte would let this woman put in the episode. In those rare instances, he and Carlos often like to just exist with each other— take each other apart— and pretend for a moment that they don’t work for different teams that are neck and neck in the championship.
Instead, Lando smiles and shrugs, another cookie-cutter answer at the ready. “Golf, mostly. I still indulge him in a bit of FIFA when I feel the need to humble myself as well.” The last bit is clearly meant to be a joke, Lando can tell everyone in the room knows too, but he won’t be surprised at all if they try to spin it as a serious thought.
“Are you quite good at golf now with all practice you’ve gotten over the last few years with Carlos?”
Lando actually laughs at that. “Oh no, I’m quite rubbish. Haven’t managed to figure that one out yet, but Carlos is a master practically, so I’m not surprised. I could probably keep up with a few of the other guys on the grid, but I’m not holding my breath.”
The rest of the interview goes pretty well like everyone had assured him it would. One of the few times that Lando glances over at Charlotte towards the end, he sees a pleased smile on her face, the corners of her mouth turned up in silent, professional pleasure.
“Sorry again for being late,” Lando offers prior to the camera cutting but after the interviewer finishes her questions.
The interviewer waves him off with a placating smile on her face. Something about it puts Lando at ease, helps calm the lingering nerves, and lowers his guard just a bit. “Oh no, you were fine. Ten minutes isn’t going to break the whole day, don’t worry. We know how busy you all are.”
Lando smiles and reaches down to take a sip from his water bottle and clear out the notifications on his phone. “That’s a relief. I shouldn’t have been late— set an alarm and everything to give myself plenty of time. I think Carlos must have turned it off since it was so early. He does that sometimes, and I keep telling him it’s gonna bite him in the ass one day.” Lando’s too busy glancing at a tweet notification to realize a stark silence has filled the room in his lull from speaking.
Looking up and away from his phone, Lando’s greeted with a combination of shocked, confused, and interested faces from the people close enough to hear. Charlotte’s eyes are wide, her fingers frozen mid-type on her phone screen. Suddenly, Lando can’t remember what it is he’s just said to cause reactions like these— a side effect from trying to multitask that has evidently finally landed him in some possibly hot water. Hot water? Maybe lukewarm if he’s lucky while he tries to figure out what he’s said.
“What did I…” he’s a bit nervous to learn the truth, but when the interviewer pushes out a perplexed, “Carlos… turned off your alarm?” it all clicks in a rather mortifying fashion.
Lando’s own eyes go wide to match the rest of the room rather quickly while he tries to come up with an excuse. Luckily, Charlotte intervenes first and clears her throat. “That will be all for today. We’ve got another appointment to get to. Let’s go, Lando.” As Lando’s skirting his way past one of the lighting rigs, he hears Charlotte direct at the Netflix crew. “Do not do anything with that footage, are we understood? We will let you know what to do with it after we consult some outside sources. Are we clear?”
‘Outside sources’. Lando would laugh if he weren’t moments away from breaking down in hysterics. He can’t believe he’s flubbed it after holding it together for the entire interview.
Standing by the door with his back to the room waiting for Charlotte, he hears the interviewer utter a soft but determined, “Of course. Just let us know what you’d like to do.”
It sounds like there may be some hope yet, like holding the footage was a no-brainer, but Lando can’t make himself turn around and thank her for her discretion. He remembers hearing stories from George about one of Claire’s interviews last year initially abstaining from asking a question they’d been told she wouldn’t like. They’re journalists though, Lando knows. He knows how bloodthirsty they can be, but maybe there are some good eggs in this crew.
Charlotte’s barely closed the door to the ballroom the Netflix crew are using before Lando’s practically collapsing against the wall in the hallway. And here, in the high-ceilinged atrium of the conference center that sits across from the race track in the Netherlands where the next driver to be interviewed will be arriving any minute, is certainly the worst place to have said breakdown. Charlotte makes it two steps away from him, already buried in her phone, before realizing Lando’s not with her.
And the thing is, Lando’s not having a war of values with his conscience. He’s not— he’s very secure in what he feels and how much he loves Carlos. The issue is existing as he wants to in a sport still so rife with toxicity. It’s a sport that’s still racist at the drop of a hat to eight-time World Champion Lewis Hamilton of all people. Lando’s downright terrified of what they’ll do to him if anyone publishes what he’s just let slip.
Before Charlotte can make any move to console Lando— because he can’t even bear to think of anything else she’d do right now— the safest option for a driver who steps around the corner appears. It’s Daniel, which makes sense if they’re going down the roster by team. Truthfully, Lando’s never been happier to see his teammate than he is right now.
As soon as Daniel lays eyes on Lando though, his smile drops, a concerned look taking the place of cheerful indifference to his impending interview. The fact that Lando can tell how worried Daniel looks from ten feet away just means he’s a sight to take in. His hair’s likely a mess, chest heaving in a borderline panic attack, and legs collapsed under him in an uncomfortable mess. Charlotte’s moved to crouch next to Lando at his shoulder, hand resting solidly there— the weight is mildly comforting.
Daniel’s pace increases marginally until he’s kneeling in front of Lando, hands hovering in front of him like he’s got no idea where to place them.
“Hey, hey what’s going on? Is everything okay? What happened?”
It takes a moment for Daniel’s words to sink in— to occur to Lando that Daniel’s speaking to him. “I blew it. I fucking… I slipped and used Carlos’ name in a way too domestic scenario.” His words are rushed, said with a quickness so as to get them all out before his throat closes up with the sting of tears.
Daniel’s face morphs once more into a kind of sorrowful grimace, eyebrows drawing together and eyes dropping to settle on Lando’s fingers clutching at his legs. Lando decides it’s his least favorite expression he’s ever seen Daniel wear. He looks over to Charlotte before asking another question. “How bad was it? Was it in the middle of the interview?”
“No, it was at the end as we were wrapping up but the cameras were still rolling— they were just making conversation. It was pretty blatant though. He mentioned Carlos turning off his alarm to wake up, which made him late. That interviewer would have to be pretty thick to miss what he’d implied.”
Lando just whines at that and lets his head thump against the wallpapered drywall. He can almost guarantee the interview lady wasn’t that thick. The only people thick enough to have missed that would be the ones who were ignorant enough to dismiss him in the first place.
Daniel throws him a look and then shifts his gaze to the double doors before looking back at Charlotte. I’ve got my session in five. Are they sitting on the footage for now?”
“Yeah, I told them we needed to consult some third parties before letting them do anything. I was going to sit in with you too, don’t worry. Make sure we don’t have two bombshells for the day.” Charlotte’s paused, almost as if she’s trying to decide her next words. Lando can guess the problem she’s working through in her mind. She has to be in there with Daniel, but Lando is barely in a state to get himself back to the hotel without attracting attention. Daniel can’t do it because he’s due for his interview and Carlos certainly can’t do it for obvious reasons right now.
“As much as I can’t believe you don’t trust me capable of blowing up my career with you sitting beside me, I appreciate it,” Daniel supplies, trying his best to lighten the mood. “I’d say call Jon, but Max is sitting downstairs in the cafe waiting for me to be done. He can take Lando back if you want.”
“Does he not have anything he can be doing right now that’d be a better use of his time?” Charlotte asks, voice colored with skepticism.
“Nah— said something about hiding from Christian and Marko. Told him I didn’t blame him.” Daniel glances back at Lando for the first time in a few minutes and gives him a half-hearted smile. “What do you think?”
Lando nods because what else can he do at this point? All he wants to do is climb into bed before practice tomorrow. He wants to get away from and out of this conference center. He wants to see Carlos and talk through everything about possible options and ways out. If Max is his way out, then that works for him.
With it decided, Charlotte and Daniel help him up off the floor with Charlotte walking the length of the hallway with Lando. She’s holding her arms close by, shadowing Lando as if making sure he isn’t going to fall, but thankfully she doesn’t have to use them.
Down in the cafe, Max is waiting for the two of them, a carefully blank expression poking out from under his hat. Lando knows Max though, and he can tell that he knows, knows that Daniel sent him a heads-up.
“Alright, let’s go. Knew I needed some extra practice for this weekend.” Lando can’t help but crack a smile at the joke and lets Max lead the way out the front doors and toward the car park.
Before they can get too far though, Lando turns back to Charlotte and pulls her into a tight hug, pouring everything he doesn’t trust himself to say outwards. She catches his meaning easily enough because she hugs him back and whispers, “It’s going to be okay. We’ll deal with it all.”
Max lets him sit in silence for the first half of the admittedly short drive back to their hotel. The music’s at a comfortable level, serving as a buffer for their silence. Lando’s phone remains stuffed into the bottom of his backpack as if he’s almost too afraid to look, even though it’s unlikely to yield anything of consequence. Instead, Lando sits slumped in Max’s passenger seat and watches the scenery pass outside his window.
Halfway through, Max clears his throat. The sudden sound feels deafening. “You know the people you’re afraid of finding out don’t sign your paychecks.”
It’s vague enough for Lando to pretend to not know what he’s talking about if he wants, but Lando understands it all. He hesitates for a moment, thinking of anything to follow that with that even begins to get at his messy and conflicted thoughts.
“No, not the ones in the stands. I’m more concerned with the ones behind closed doors that do.”
Lando may be staring resolutely out the window, but he still sees Max do a double-take towards him and back to the road ahead. “Mate, don’t you dare try to tell me that Zak would have anything negative to say about it.”
No, Lando thinks Zak would probably lay down in the middle of the road for him if he asked— Zak would be the farthest thing from an issue. “It’s going to be about being compared to every negative and derogatory stereotype under the sun when I don’t get a desirable result. I don’t have to tell you though or else you’d have already done it.”
Max is unsurprisingly silent, and when Lando glances at him out of the corner of his eye, he sees Max with a grim look settled over his face and his jaw muscles clenched. Yeah, that’s what Lando thought.
“How have you and Daniel done it for so long? Everyone always seems to be breathing down your neck— doesn’t it get lonely not being able to tell hardly anyone? I know I’m over here fretting about the end of my career, but fuck, sometimes I just want to say ‘fuck it’ and let everyone know that Carlos is mine— that he chose me.” The nervous, edge-of-a-panic-attack feeling is fading in Max’s presence, and with its absence comes the hysteric need for change. It’d be so easy to use his slip-up as an excuse to say ‘to hell with it all’ and tell everyone. Lando can practically visualize the nonchalant, subtle way they’d announce it too— an Instagram post with no announcement at all, really, just the two of them being definitively non-platonic to erase any and all doubts.
“Usually, if we’re asked about each other, the question gets a chuckle, a short answer, and then we move on. Don’t give them the opportunity to dig. It helps that we’re on different teams now— not as much of a chance for the wrong people finding out.”
“You mean Christian and Marko?”
Max sighs. “There are some days where I think Christian genuinely wouldn’t care. He’s been a kind of dad to me— better than my own really. Marko on the other hand? He’s borderline off his fucking rocker on a good day. He’s who I worry about. I’ve heard what he’s said about Lewis as recently as last month.”
They’re stopped at the traffic light in front of the hotel, so Lando thinks that’ll be the last of it, but Max evidently isn’t done yet. “If you guys decide to go with it and let them use that footage, it might be the easiest way. Worth thinking about since you seem to be almost there yourself.”
Lando sighs because Max is right. After all, there’s nothing more nonchalant than the way he’d talked about Carlos turning his alarm off in the morning. Plus, what’s to stop them from also accompanying that with an Instagram post of their own?
“Thank you for talking me down off what I’m sure will be the first of many ledges. Fuck, I haven’t even told Carlos yet.” Lando knows that Max isn’t a big hugger, and hell, Lando isn’t really either save for a select few individuals, but if the center console weren’t blocking the way, Lando would pull Max into one of the biggest hugs he could because of what he’d done today. Yeah, it was just a car ride, but it was an offer to not have to get into an uber, to not have to say anything until he was ready. It was advice and an anecdote of his own experiences that helped Lando realize he’s not alone in this and won’t ever be. But he can’t give Max a hug right now, so he gives an approximation of a smile and bumps his fist against Max’s shoulder with a little less force than he normally would. It’s an understood ‘thank you’— an understood ‘I don’t know what I’d do without you’.
Max just smiles and nods his head once. “You guys will figure it out. Don’t think too hard though— you’ve got a busy few days here.” And then Lando’s getting out of the car and Max is driving away and back towards the conference center to wait on Daniel.
Lando finally glances at his phone while he waits for the lift. There are two texts from Charlotte asking if he’s okay and to call her once he’s ready and talked to Carlos. He hopes it’s a good sign that those words only make him want to spiral a minimal amount at the moment. There’s a text from Daniel wishing him well and asking if Lando needs him to pick anything up as well.
The last text from Carlos just says “Charlotte told me something happened. Finishing up some press at the track, let me know when you’re at the hotel and I will head up. She wouldn’t tell me any details. Is everything okay?”
The nerves and panicky feeling are back all of a sudden. Maybe it’s the thought that he’s on the precipice of ruining this thing with Carlos that they have— this beautiful and messy thing that’s all theirs. Maybe it’s the fear that Carlos is going to react negatively once he finds out— and wouldn’t that be a sight?
Lando can’t bring himself to text Carlos any of the details, so he leans up against the wall of the lift and types through the tightness in his throat. “It’s not great. I’ll tell you when I see you. Come over whenever you’re free.”

Carlos finds Lando face down on the bed, shoes still on and face turned toward his phone. The curtains are still drawn, the late afternoon sunlight filtering through the crack where either side of the fabric doesn’t quite touch. In the midst of his renewed panic, Lando had pushed through the hotel room door and promptly laid down, not even sparing the strength to flip a light switch. He’s sure he looks a sight to Carlos, who uses Lando’s spare room key to gain access to the rapidly darkening room.
“Lando, what’s going on?” Carlos’ voice is soft, careful as if one wrong step will set him off. To be fair though, it might.
Even though he knows Carlos is close to him, can feel the dip in the bed as the former sits down at Lando’s feet, Lando still nearly jumps out of his skin at the feeling of Carlos’ hand on his ankle. “Did something happen with the interview?”
“I accidentally slipped up.” Lando knows he should get it all out at once because then he won’t have to elaborate. A part of him hopes though that maybe Carlos will understand without making him elaborate.
No such luck. “What do you mean? In what way?”
Lando sighs and turns his phone off, though he maintains his gaze towards the window on the far edge of the wall. “We were wrapping up and I mentioned you turning off my alarm, which was why I had been running late.” Carlos’ hand stills on Lando’s ankle, the cease of the soft back and forth motion leaving a tiny cavity in Lando’s heart. “I didn’t even realize I’d said it— was too busy looking at my phone and we both know what kind of multitasker I am. Charlotte told them not to do anything with the footage, but you know how that kind of thing is.”
For what feels like a few agonizing seconds, Carlos is silent. And then: “How did you get here? Did you drive yourself?”
It isn’t what Lando had been expecting, which is the only reason Lando twists around to see Carlo’s face. Carlos looks bereft— like someone took his phone and purposely threw it at the pavement. Like he’s had to retire his car five minutes into a race. Maybe there’s a bit of fear there as well, but Lando mainly sees concern for himself— a series of emotions that, up until now, Lando hadn’t honestly considered a possibility. Now, as Lando looks and tries to wrangle his brain back on track to answer Carlos’ question, he realizes that maybe thinking Carlos could react in any other way would be disingenuous to the real-life Carlos.
“No, Max drove me back cause he was hiding from Christian and Marko and waiting on Daniel. Don’t think Charlotte would have let me.”
Carlos nods and shifts himself, pulling off his own shoes before reaching for Lando’s. He’s wondering why until Carlos pulls himself up the bed and parallel to Lando, letting his arms curl around Lando’s chest to pull him closer. Before, all hyped up on nerves and worst-case scenarios, Lando had barely wanted anyone to touch him— probably would have only caused him to spiral further. Now though, the smell of Carlos, the sheer presence and concern for his wellbeing makes Lando suddenly very grateful for his boyfriend.
The warmth of Carlos’ arms and the softness of his jacket feel better than any blanket— the press of his lips to the spot just behind Lando’s ear numbing his mind to the traitorous inner demon who isn’t convinced this could all go wrong.
Carlos is silent for several minutes, evidently content in letting Lando just be. The silence doesn’t feel suffocating, and for that, he’s grateful. Finally, Carlos speaks, but it’s so quiet Lando almost doesn’t hear it, mumbled into the fabric of Lando’s pullover.
“What do you want to do? I’ll do whatever you want.”
It’s a question that holds limitless opportunities. It’s a question that gives Lando too much power if he’s being honest. Obviously, it’s a question that could steer them towards a new beginning, for better or for worse, and the fact that Carlos has entrusted it to him, to Lando, speaks volumes of what they mean to each other.
“I don’t want to have to decide at all. I want it not to be a big deal because it shouldn’t be. I want people to just know without some big, grand announcement that’s just going to attract hate no matter what.” He’s gone off on this tangent before, and like before, Carlos lets him rant. “I mean, pretty sure Charles didn’t sit down with media outlets when he decided to start dating Charlotte, or when they decided to move in together, or—”
“Then let’s not make a big deal out of it.” For the second time, Carlos garners Lando’s attention with his unexpected words. For the second time, Lando turns and stares at Carlos, trying to parse meaning from the unexpected.
“You mean tell people outside of the paddock?”
Carlos shrugs, or rather, attempts an approximation of one while lying down. “You’re right. Why should we have to hide when they do not? We should leave the footage and build our own narrative around it. Just post something without explanation and don’t take anything from anyone trying to make it a big deal.”
The thought that Carlos wants to go along with it, or is at least willing to, nearly overwhelms Lando, fills him with more love than he knows what to do with. So, Lando does the easiest thing he knows to transfer that love— he shuffles fully around so he’s facing Carlos and leans forward, farther into Carlos’ space if possible, and presses their lips together.
From this position where Lando’s closer to Carlos’ collarbone than to being eye level, it isn’t a particularly deep or world-shattering kiss. The angle is all off, but it feels familiar, content and most importantly, it feels safe.
“Oh God,” Lando whines after a few moments of silence, face still canted close enough to Carlos’ that his eyes can’t focus properly. Carlos makes a questioning noise in the back of his throat, his arm that’s around Lando’s back tightening ever so noticeably out of concern.
Lando chokes on a self-deprecating laugh, the lingering mucous causing it to stick. “I just realized that Silvia’s gonna have to drag your entire PR team into this. Somehow that feels more mortifying than the Netflix crew knowing.” He resolutely doesn’t withdraw his face, knowing that if it wasn’t before, his face is now bright red. After all, he can’t focus on Carlos so he doubts Carlos can focus on him.
“If Silvia is the scariest person in this, then I think we will be okay.” As if to emphasize his point, Carlos places a gentle kiss on Lando’s nose before leaning away to press another to his temple. The action fills Lando with such affection and love that has yet to not amaze him in its intensity. It’s so strong that Lando thinks even if this whole thing goes ass-up and they suffer for it, they’ll still have more for each other than they know what to do with.

The rest of the weekend plays out like the majority of the first half of Lando’s season has. He pushes himself and the car to the limit and finishes with a third-place podium to top it all off. It’s a bit gratifying knowing that Netflix is on-site to capture it all. A way to say, “look, I’m the same person you’ve been watching for a few years.” And when it’s all over, Carlos is waiting with his own p5 finish and a good night’s sleep.
Joint conversations with McLaren and Ferrari PR begin shortly thereafter to figure out the most desirable course of action. The more Lando thinks about it and talks to Carlos, the more he wants to just say ‘fuck it’. Granted, he’s still a bit terrified of the inevitable backlash they’re going to receive once people actually put their vague clues together.
It’s only been a year and a half, but the secrecy is starting to eat away at Lando if he’s being honest with himself. And okay, he and Carlos may be pretty much an open secret in the paddock according to Daniel, but Lando wants to go out in public on off days or weeks and not have to worry about photos or tabloids stealing away his control of the situation. Put two and two together and suddenly they’re at their best answer.
Everyone that matters on both teams has pre-drafted statements at the ready for the eventual inevitability they’re forced to say something. The fact that Charlotte even has to explain to him why it’s necessary makes Lando want to rip his own hair out. There shouldn’t be an instance in an interview where questions deviate from driving, but that’s a tired and truly naive thought process. Stand up for what you believe in and all that or it’ll never change.
Charlotte and Silvia leave the execution of it all up to Lando and Carlos with the exception of the Netflix ordeal. She handles that herself with the team lawyer conference-called in to warn the producers to let her review the placement of the clip before dropping the episode. Lando could kiss her.
Nothing really changes after that though— in fact, things relatively go back to normal. It’s freeing in a way. Yeah, Lando’s still a bit terrified of the Netflix crew following them around, but when they call him back in to answer some follow-up questions about the second half of the season, he doesn’t feel like crying by the end of it. They don’t even try to address his comments from last time.
In October when they get to Japan, he and Carlos go out to dinner at a higher-end restaurant after Friday practice, just the two of them, because they’re adults and they can. Since they’ve decided they aren’t necessarily trying to hide anymore, Carlos finds a restaurant with things Lando will like, and they go out. It’s nice and quiet, and when their food comes to the table, Lando takes a picture of his own plate and then one of Carlos and his sushi that he looks far too pleased with.
When they leave the restaurant, Lando posts the photo, barely sparing a second glance at the caption before showing Carlos and posting it. The caption reads: “I’ll do a lot of things for him, but trying sushi is still not one of them.” Carlos fondly shakes his head, going to his profile and commenting under the post.
“‘You’re insufferable’? I’m offended, Carlos, really,” Lando protests from the passenger seat. Carlos just laughs but glances away from the road after they’ve pulled out of the car park and smiles one of the softest smiles Lando’s ever seen. He doesn’t think it’ll take very long for people to catch on at all.
Within ten minutes, Daniel comments: “Love is dead” which only further illustrates Lando’s point. When he shows Carlos, they both laugh, egging each other on until they’ve got tears in their eyes.

They play fast and loose with what they decide to post and release out into the wild landscape of the internet. The end of the season is quickly coming to fruition, and with it, the release date of the new season of Drive to Survive. Whenever Lando remembers it, he pushes it from his mind. Six races remain on the calendar, and Lando’s exhausted from the back-to-back weekends they have behind and still in front of them. The only positive is that he gets to see Carlos more than he might ordinarily if they had a week off in between races.
The Austin sun is hot and dry despite the time of year, doing nothing for the sudden bout of anxiety that consumes Lando from the minute he steps off the plane. He feels jet-lagged to hell despite the ample sleep time he’d been presented with. Except, Lando didn’t sleep for more than thirty minutes because he’d been alone. Well, he wasn’t alone — he’d been with half of his team, but half of that team didn’t consist of Carlos, and Lando’s become a bit detrimentally co-dependent of late.
Carlos is coming in on the first flight the next morning, meaning Lando has to spend an actual entire night alone in a too-cold hotel room while he’s simultaneously keyed-up and utterly exhausted. It’s not a recipe for success by any means, so Lando does the only thing he can think of to quiet his mind. He runs.
The thing with running is that, because Lando hates it so much, all he thinks about while doing it is the utter agony he feels. Anxious mind: solved. It’s a short-term solution, sure, but the longer he spends at it, the less he has to dwell on the million thoughts running through his mind and the more tired he’ll be when it’s socially acceptable to go to bed. Truly a win-win.
When Carlos gets in the next morning, Lando still feels the familiar thrum in his veins that makes him want to go out of his mind. Even by the time he’s finished eating a late breakfast with Carlos and Rupert, it’s still there. So, Lando runs some more.
He gets Jon to drive him to one of the local parks complete with a nature trail so that someone knows where he is, and then he does his best to flee from his mind. If Lando’s going to pick a somewhat self-destructive activity, he figures Jon would at least approve of this one.
In this instance specifically, Lando’s immensely grateful that they’re at the track several days before their race duties begin. It gives him plenty of time to get his mind under control.
If Lando sat and actually thought for a moment, he could probably attribute the sudden uptick in anxiety to several things. He’s still third in the Drivers’ Championship, but Bottas is forever within striking distance, it would seem. The end of October is closer to April than September was, meaning his and Carlos’ time is running out to tell their story their own way on their own terms. Truthfully, it’s likely a mix as things slowly creep to a boiling point.
And Carlos? Bless him. By this point, Carlos is well aware of this part of Lando, even now not asking any questions when Lando shows up at his hotel room at 8 pm dripping sweat. He gives Lando the space he needs and then the absence of it when he asks.
After running himself into the ground— pun not intended, Lando’s rightfully exhausted after the first practice session on Friday. Realistically, rival teams shouldn’t hang around in each other’s team motorhomes for long periods of time, but Lando’s exhausted, and he can’t go back to the hotel between free practices. The solution? He drags Carlos up to the lounge in the McLaren motorhome with the excuse that it isn’t as offensively red as Ferrari’s own. He’s not sure Carlos buys it, but he goes willingly and lets Lando lay on top of him on the couch.
Carlos is whispering things to him, but through Lando’s sleep-addled brain and the feeling of Carlos’ fingers scratching slowly up his back in a mesmerizing pattern, Lando can’t tell what language he’s even speaking. It’s fine though, because when Lando tries to ask him what he’s said, Carlos simply shushes him, picking his head up and pressing a gentle kiss to whatever part of Lando he can reach. “Just sleep, you muppet.”
Lando doesn’t have it in him to pretend to be miffed, simply huffing and letting his eyes fall shut. Sleep finds them both rather quickly.
Henrik’s the one who wakes them, his camera hanging from one of his hands, an apologetic smile on his face when he tells them Rupert’s looking for Carlos. It’s the worst news Lando’s heard all day apart from the fact that he wasn’t allowed to go back to the hotel. Carlos needing to leave means Lando has to shift from his incredibly comfortable spot on Carlos’ chest and between his legs. It’s devastating, really.
Once Carlos leaves, Lando can’t even go back to sleep because he has to get ready for fp2 and get into the mindset of not crashing his car.

A few days later, Henrik emails Lando a rough cut of the Unboxed for the week which should tell him from the outset that there’s something more in it than normal. Sure enough, there’s a shot about halfway through of Henrik dramatically stomping up the steps to the lounge in the motorhome. At the top, he pans the camera over to the couch that sits against the balcony railing and shows Lando passed out on Carlos’ chest. Lando lets out a snort when Henrik mutters a fond and quiet, “Slackers.”
The footage jumps to Henrik talking to some of the pit crew while they prep for the weekend without a further lingering shot or comment on Lando or Carlos. There’s no point in making a big deal of it, so Lando sends back a simple: “#exposed2k21” and leaves it at that.
The weekend’s Unboxed drops and Lando thinks nothing of it.
Unfortunately, the journalists in Mexico remind him while he’s chatting to them following qualifying on Saturday. He’s standing in the media pen with Charlotte a few feet away— letting him have space but still there in case she has to shut anything down.
The journalist he’s talking to asks him some general questions he’s heard several times already about being third in the driver’s championship still, and if trying to stay there while the others creep up is becoming stressful so close to the end.
“Ah, no, I don’t think so. I mean, I try not to think about it and look too far forward with that type of thing. Try to take it one race at a time— get the points I need after pushing the car and the team to the limit and see where that leaves us for the next week.”
“Do you think McLaren can take third in the constructors’ with that same kind of mentality? Ferrari is awfully close points-wise right now.”
“I think so. You know, Daniel and I get everything out of these cars week in and week out. Yeah, there have been some unfortunate weeks where we haven’t been able to finish as strongly as we wanted to, but—” Before Lando can finish his thought, Carlos scares the absolute shit out of him.
Charlotte makes an attempt at a warning, but Carlos’ hands land on Lando’s shoulders before he can register who it’s for. Immediately, he tenses— first in fright and then because he recognizes Carlos trying to mess with him— can smell his cologne and hear his laughter muffled by his mask.
“Did I scare you?” he asks, playing at innocence with the journalist present.
“Don’t you have somewhere to be? Somewhere that’s not interrupting my interview?”
“Ah, just checking you are behaving. He has gotten very professional, yes?” Carlos directs the second question to the journalist who laughs at their antics, no doubt.
“Hey— this is not your interview. Stop hijacking it.” Lando makes a show of wriggling out from under Carlos’ hands, the latter of whom just chuckles and lifts his hands in surrender.
“Alright, alright, I am going.”
With his mask off, Lando can’t hide the smile that’s overtaken his face. It’s a mixture of exasperated and annoyingly fond as he shakes his head and turns his attention back to the interview. “Sorry about that. Where were we? He’s just made me lose my train of thought.”
“We were talking about team points and how close Ferrari is to McLaren.”
“I haven’t actually looked at the points difference recently. Do you know what it is? Carlos keeps taunting me about it, but I won’t take the bait.”
The journalist laughs and looks down at the notepad he’s holding in front of her. “Ferrari is twenty points behind you guys at McLaren right now.”
“Ah, nice, I’m gonna have to use that to my advantage while it’s still true.” Lando laughs, the journalist joining him in solidarity.
“The internet as a whole has certainly noticed how close the two of you have appeared to continue to get this season despite being on different teams. They seem to think that you guys are more than teammates turned friends. The past few things you both have posted seem to suggest as such too. Anything there that might be threatened by how close you two are in the championship or out on the track?”
The light-hearted fun that Lando had been having mere moments before vanishes between one breath and the next. His smile slips off his face, a much more forced one taking its place before he can even catalogue the change.
Of course, this type of question was coming. Lando and Carlos both did with the increase in posts and Henrik’s inclusion of them in the Unboxed video. Hell, it was going to get even worse once Netflix did their thing in a few months’ time.
“Carlos is one of my best friends at this point, and he means the world to me. At the root of it all, we’re best friends, arch enemies, husbands, partners in crime, soulmates, just mates, who knows, yeah? That’s all I’d like to say on that though, so unless you’ve got some questions about why we’re here, we’re finished.”
Granted, Lando can’t see the journalist’s face beneath her mask, but he’s willing to bet it’s red by the way her eyes widen and eyebrows climb in surprise. She probably is surprised at the about-face that Lando’s attitude has taken, but he’s trying to reinforce the feeling within himself that he’s not done anything wrong— that he’s valid for not wanting to talk about his personal romantic relationships when he should be talking about the upcoming race.
To her credit, she folds pretty quickly, and they move on. She only asks Lando one more question before he walks away, though instead of moving down the line and taking the spot Carlos had just been occupying, he walks in the opposite direction down towards the McLaren garage. It’s a bit unprofessional, and he’ll get back out there, but he needs a minute to decompress first. It’s the most brazen anyone’s been thus far, so it’s just unexpected.
Footsteps too heavy to be Charlotte’s catch-up to him when he’s rounding the garage door. Thankfully, the garage is largely empty at the current moment, making Lando feel just a bit better about the melodramatic breakdown he’s on the brink of having. He’s about to turn around and snap at whoever’s following him, thinking maybe it’s Daniel, but when Lando turns around, he’s faced with a wall of red that’s Carlos in his team polo.
Carlos brings his hands up to either side of Lando’s shoulders to steady him but doesn’t get too much closer as exposed as they are here. “Are you okay? You left so quickly, what happened?”
Lando shrugs and tries to collect himself before speaking. “The journalist I was just talking to asked about our relationship and I may have snapped a little bit. Just caught me off guard cause I didn’t think people would start wondering so soon, you know?” Saying the words out loud helps, Lando finds. Carlos’ face though is one of both amusement and impressed appraisal.
“Henrik did have a shot of us literally sleeping together in the video last week. That might have helped things along.”
Lando snorts and rolls his eyes. “I understand. I was just surprised and needed a minute. I’ll just shut it down next time, and it’ll be fine.”
Carlos nods and pulls Lando into a tight hug despite their public locale. Lando should remind him, but it feels so good despite everything. So, Lando lets his head rest against Carlos’ shoulder for a moment, focusing on the weight of the other’s arms across his back and shoulders. He lets the comfort soak into his bones before having to go back out and face more questions.
“What did you say to her?” Carlos asks when they pull away from each other.
The mortification of his response practically consumes Lando all of a sudden, and he groans. “Ugh, a perfect example of why I’m not answering that question again. You can watch it later since I’m sure it’ll be trending.”
Carlos makes a show of rolling his eyes but ends it with a smile. “Okay. I’m sure it was not that bad though.”
“Mmm, I’m not so sure. Oh,” Lando remembers as an afterthought as they’re walking back to the media pen. “Did you know McLaren is up by twenty points in the Constructors’ Championship? An interesting fact I learned.”
Carlos says something under his breath that Lando can’t hear and playfully shoves Lando in front of him down the pit lane. Lando goes easily, laughing again and feeling just a little bit lighter.

The picture that Henrik sends Lando a week before the new season of Drive to Survive drops might be one of Lando’s favorites that have ever been taken of him. It has an air of being slightly blurry but still crisp with all the chaos of those around him in the shot. In the center of the frame stand Carlos and Lando. Lando’s face is buried in Carlos’ neck, the latter’s right arm gripping high around Lando’s waist, his left hand stretched out toward Henrik, a triumphant finger held up in victory. Both of them have blinding smiles and squinting eyes, race suits soaked from a bottle of champagne that Lando holds in his visible hand settled over Carlos’ chest.
Lando remembers the moment vividly even a week later— it’s his first Grand Prix win and Carlos surprised him with more champagne out in front of the McLaren garage after the podium ceremony. The joy is unmistakable— anyone who looked at the photo could tell. This is Monaco x100, and Lando desperately wants to post it for everyone to see. He and Carlos had agreed on nonchalant months ago, and this would certainly be a step further in that confirmation of Them with the promise of season 4 looming.
The screen of his phone dims twice before Lando makes up his mind. Lando drafts up a text to Carlos and attaches the photo. “You should be the one to post this if you want. Henrik just sent it over to me,” he types out before hitting ‘send’.
Carlos texts him back within a few minutes. “I thought you wanted to go for subtlety lol.” another one follows immediately. “I would be honored.”
‘Subtletly’ aside, at this point, a lot of people have stopped flooding the replies of Lando’s tweets asking for confirmation of his relationship with Carlos. The Unboxed footage of him and Carlos asleep together on the couch did a bit of the heavy lifting, with Lando’s mini-speech/tirade about it all in Mexico carrying them home (it had definitely trended for the rest of the weekend). This photo that Henrik has sent Lando that Carlos now posts of them following Lando’s first race win will surely leave little room for doubt moving into the Drive to Survive release week.
The slow exposure has indeed been ideal. There was a certain element of humor in watching people put it together here and there, but the casual acceptance of his and Carlos’ closeness has been the best part. He gets to laugh at Daniel’s unnecessary commentary in his comments though he almost loses his mind when Charles comments a head-exploding emoji on Carlos’ latest Instagram post.
“Wait—” Lando stops Carlos in the middle of his story about something amusing Caco had said earlier at lunch. Carlos freezes, hand mid-gesture and eyes wide while he looks across the counter at Lando, who’s sitting at the kitchen bar. “Sorry, it’s just, are you telling me that Charles somehow didn’t know we were together?”
Carlos, bless him, looks utterly lost and confused. “What?”
“I’m listening to your story, it’s just…” Lando turns his phone so Carlos can see the text he’s sent to Charles with a screenshot of the emoji asking if he’s okay. Charles has replied with an all-caps message of his own that reads: “Did I somehow miss that you two were together? All this cryptic shit. Call me for the official statement, love you x”
Carlos chuckles and rolls his eyes. “It’s Charles, what do you expect? I’m sure not everyone is as clueless as he is.”
Lando just shakes and ducks his head, smiling to himself. “Anyway, what were you saying?”
Picking back up where he’d left off, Carlos continues to regale Lando of his and Caco’s lunchtime shenanigans. This is the kind of calm, domestic normalcy that he feels himself thrive under.

Lando doesn’t watch the show for a reason, but a part of him is absolutely dying to find out how they’re going to use the video footage that he’d flubbed. He’s so curious that he’d practically begged Carlos to watch it with him if he then agreed to watch the Ferrari episode as well. So, here they are.
Carlos keeps telling Lando they don’t have to watch it— that they can find out from some semi-neutral third party, but Lando’s insistent. So insistent, that they’re skipping Carlos’ episode to watch McLaren’s first towards the end of the season. Hell, it isn’t like there are any real spoilers since they both, you know, lived it themselves.
He’s practically vibrating out of his skin by the time Carlos presses play, but who can blame him? Since Charlotte had predicated the use of the footage on seeing the finished product beforehand, Lando knows it’s fine. And, according to her, it is fine. Out of the whole McLaren hierarchy, Charlotte’s nearly at the top of his list of those he’d trust his life with, so he shouldn’t be nervous— and yet…
When the episode opens with a shot of him looking down at his phone, Lando squeezes Carlos’ hand tighter, feels the air leave his lungs. The thought that they’d use it as the cold open, an icebreaker, oddly makes Lando feel better. He knows they didn’t ask him any follow-up questions when they had him back towards the end of the season, which means there won’t be any other mention of it. Nonchalant indeed.
“Sorry again for being late,” Lando of seven months prior apologizes, still scrolling through his phone. It’s almost like watching a wreck in slow motion. From here, Lando can practically see his brain-to-mouth filter dissolving in real-time.
“Oh no, you were fine. Ten minutes isn’t going to break the whole day, don’t worry. We know how busy you all are.”
“That’s a relief. I shouldn’t have been late— set an alarm and everything to give me plenty of time. I think Carlos must have turned it off since it was early. He does that sometimes, and I keep telling him it’s gonna bite him in the ass one day.” And then Lando’s looking at the camera and smiling, the editors cutting a moment before Lando’s smile falls. He hadn’t even realized he’d ever had a smile on his face.
Before Lando realizes it, the pitstop credits roll through and footage of the MTC surrounded by low-hanging fog fades onto the screen— but Lando’s still caught in the cold open. Cold it certainly was, but with an air of comedic ease that people like Daniel have around them in interviews. It doesn’t look like it was an accident, but rather a lovingly miffed boyfriend complaining about disruption to his morning routine. God, it makes him and Carlos look like an old married couple.
Unless someone saw him in the aftermath of that clip, they’d never know how he felt. They’d never know that he was so sure his career was about to end, his whole world about to come crashing down. And it hasn't, somehow— evidence of the clip’s presence in the episode. It feels good.
Lando’s so deep in his thoughts over it that he doesn’t realize that Carlos has paused the television and is watching him with a careful expression— trying desperately to get ahead of the situation. “Is not so bad, yeah? They did a good job with it. How do you feel?”
“Relieved. Bit nervous to look online though.” He’s had Twitter notifications turned off for people he doesn’t follow since the series started dropping and he’s resolutely not looked. Max was right in that— these people don’t pay his wages, but they’re still words, and words can hurt. And okay, he’s been seeing a few of them since he and Carlos started being more liberal on their social media with that they post, but none of it has been so confirming like this bit of dialogue has.
“I peeked already,” Carlos admits. Lando can’t help but laugh at that because of course, he looked. “It’s largely good. A few people are arguing about the validity of including that clip, but I think the good outweighs the trolls. We don’t need people like that in this sport.”
God, Lando loves him.

The fallout from the clip isn’t nearly as bad as Lando— and, he suspects Carlos— had anticipated being in the sport they’re in. Carlos had indeed been correct when he said people were online talking about the implications of the context of the clip and if it was right to put it in. Lando had taken one look into the subreddit and had only lasted until someone had correctly wondered if that was ever even supposed to be in there after detailing a pretty convincing timeline of the uptick in his and Carlos’ social media posting.
He imagines that if these few knew about the panic attack he’d had after the casual admittance, they would be a lot more vocal.
According to Charlotte and his parents, a few news articles mention it, trying to start a conversation, but for the most part, their apparent admission seems to somehow fly under the radar. If Lando had to guess as to the reason they manage to, he’d probably say it’s because he did stop short of clarifying why Carlos had been turning his alarm off of late. The fallout if he’d been more upfront and blatant still scares Lando even in the aftermath of their casual intimacy. He’s not sure if they’ll ever get to the point of publicly saying the words ‘my boyfriend’ or ‘my partner’, but surely not within the next few months seeing as the thought alone still makes Lando a bit nauseous.
The reaction from their closest friends and drivers though is nothing short of supportive. Nearly all of them post their support in the form of tweets so there can be little confusion of where they stand at the beginning of the next round of press conferences and interviews. Lando hopes that those who aren’t out, the Daniels and Maxes of the grid, find comfort in the reception he and Carlos receive.
Of course, the crowd who disagree and find the whole thing to be a disgrace are ever so vocal online, but Lando uses the ‘block’ button like it’s his ‘like’ button, de-platforming them and taking away their access to him while he pretends they don’t exist. His mental health thanks him for it.

The new season’s out for about a week or so by the next media day, and truthfully, Lando’s not sure what to think going in. Now, with the confirmation out to the world rather than their somewhat vague social media posts, it’s a whole new can of worms.
Charlotte and Silvia have assured Lando and Carlos that they’ve warned off the press in threat of cutting short their questions, but one can never be sure when going into anything with the media at any given time.
“What if I run you off the track on purpose? They’ll want to ask so bad about those implications but they wouldn’t be able to,” Carlos asks in a faux honey-smooth voice over Lando’s shoulder while the latter brushes his teeth.
Lando mockingly glares at Carlos through the mirror and waits to reply until he’s rinsed his mouth out. “First of all, you’d have to catch me.” He smiles at Carlos’ scoff but continues. “Second of all, if you ruined our races just to laugh at the media, that’d be both of our last races. Yours because you’d be dead and mine because I’d be in jail for your murder.” Despite his attempt to hold a straight face for as long as possible, Lando folds pretty quickly once Carlos laughs in that brilliant and bright way of his before winding his arms around Lando’s waist.
The warmth that Carlos brings with him feels like Lando’s home away from home— safe in their hotel room and away from everything that a race weekend brings with it.

With the 2022 season, they’ve brought back the pre-race press conferences that consist of more than two drivers, and Lando’s never been more grateful for the decision as he is now. Whoever’s in charge of putting together the panels probably thinks they’re really fucking funny because he and Carlos are conveniently scheduled on the same panel. It’s a small mercy that they’re at least not seated next to each other. Sebastian’s in between them with Max on Carlos’ other side— somewhat small mercy indeed.
To the journalists’ credit, the questions stick to the weekend at hand for the first three or four questions. But then, the journalist from The Sun gets ahold of the microphone, and it all inevitably goes downhill.
“Question for Carlos. Based on Winter Testing, Ferrari should be faster than McLaren this year, but these first few races haven’t shown that to be true necessarily come race day. These past few races, Lando’s out-qualified and out-placed you come Sundays. Does that create any tension between you two especially now that your relationship’s had a light shone on it for everyone to see?”
Later, Lando will wonder why the question has specifically been directed at Carlos over himself if only because Silvia had stepped out for a moment. Maybe it’s because Carlos hadn’t been the one to unofficially break the news. Whatever the reason, in the present, Lando just feels the air in the room shift, his own body and those of his fellow drivers next to him all stiffening in displeasure.
From his current vantage point of Sebastian leaned slightly back in his chair, Lando’s got nearly a clear shot to Carlos. Looking at Carlos briefly, trying to keep his heart rate down, Lando sees him smile politely and lean forward toward the microphone. Lando is both terrified and excited to hear his response.
“If I was in a worse mood, this question would not be answered. You are fortunate that we’re early in the weekend. I will answer this once and only once, no matter how well you try to hide it in questions and back-handed drags. The season is still early, and Ferrari is getting better every week. We’ve got good pace, and I am confident within the next few races, we will give McLaren a run for their money.
“However, to answer the part of your question you were not supposed to ask, the answer is ‘no’. Once we leave the track, we leave behind that little bit of ourselves— and I think I can say that for a lot of the drivers here. Lando and I are both adults, and contrary to what we may allow everyone to see, this is not a new problem that we are dealing with. A light has not been shone— no one forced anything, but I think that speaks loudly for the entire sport. I am not the first non-straight driver, and neither is Lando nor will we be the last. These questions you ask to try and sow dissent and pit us against each other are stupid, but if I have to answer them so that others who come after us do not, then I will, I suppose.”
The room is dead silent when Carlos finally finishes speaking— quiet enough that Lando’s sure someone sitting as close to him as Seb is, can clearly hear his heart hammering in his chest. Lando chances a glance over to the Sun reporter and realizes that this is partly the reason why Charlotte and Silvia were so quick to agree to warn the media off of these types of questions.
A lot of the drivers, both he and Carlos included, have a short fuse for asinine questions that only exist to cause drama. Charlotte often teases Lando when he gets particularly petulant and bratty with journalists after a bad race. With this type of thing? It was almost a no-brainer that they were going to bite the head off of the first official person who tried to get a quote out of them. He’d basically done it already back in Mexico last season.
As if Carlos’ reply wasn’t enough, the Sun reporter shifts his beady-eyed gaze over to Lando. Clearly and calmly, as if he hadn’t just been snapped at, he asks Lando: “Lando, do you have anything to add to that?”
It’s by the sheer grace of God that Lando remembers to channel enough media training to at least keep his face from breaking out into a disbelieving laugh at this guy’s sheer nerve. He does raise his eyebrows though in a nonverbal gesture that expresses his true thoughts a bit more honestly than his words do. “Umm...no. I think Carlos did a pretty eloquent job at conveying our feelings on the matter.” Lando puts as much prissy and petty teenager energy that he still has access to behind it, and he can tell he’s succeeded by the barely-there lift to the corner of Seb’s mouth that’s closest to him.
The Sun reporter offers up a solemn, “Okay,” before he hands the microphone off to someone else. Good, Lando thinks. Let that be a warning to any other nosy reporters from here on out.
Thankfully, the remainder of the press conference is tame. It ends on time, finally letting the drivers out to enjoy the remainder of their day before practice the following morning.
Carlos waits for Lando outside the doors for long enough to tell Lando he has to go grab his things and that he’ll meet him back at Lando’s driver’s room. Lando bids him goodbye and watches as he snakes his way around the other drivers and support staff that have gathered in the corridor. The next set of drivers funnel through the doors shortly thereafter, leaving Lando waiting for the lift with Max, who’d lingered to speak with Daniel, and Charlotte. It’s silent for a moment before Charlotte speaks up.
“Thank you for staying quiet during that disaster there in the middle.”
If Lando’s being honest, he’s only startled by her admission because they’re not alone. Though, thinking back to the major events of the last year, Max had been there for a surprising number of them. Maybe she figures Mas has an unofficial ‘in’ because of Daniel. Max stays silent.
Lando, however, has to figure out something to respond with. “I mean, the question was Carlos’ to answer. They only asked me after he’d gone off a little bit.” The lift dings in the meantime, encouraging the three of them into closer quarters.
“If you’ll remember, you also had a hot mic that whole time. You have been known to speak up when you wanted to set something straight. I know how much you probably wanted to rip that guy’s head off. I know some others who wouldn’t have kept quiet.”
The last sentence pulls a snort from Max, who, Lando thought, had been busy looking through Instagram. “She means me,” he speaks up without even casting his eyes in their direction. “Wouldn’t have even answered the question.”
Lando will give him that. Before Lando or Charlotte can say anything more though, Max looks over to him, a timid yet soft half-smile pulling at his mouth. “When you see Carlos though, thank him for me.” He doesn’t elaborate but they both know what for. For having the courage and bull-headedness to answer the journalist and tear him down within the same breath. For pointing out there have been and will always be others— that treating them like exotic animals at a zoo because of it was out of the fucking question. For being the one to walk through fire and say ‘enough’ in this instance.
Rather than say all of that, Lando just nods, his anger from the press conference finally simmering, leaving a lump of raw emotion in his throat. “Of course,” he manages to ground out as kindly and as earnestly as he can. It’s enough for now.

Once back in his driver’s room, Lando goes about collecting the things he’d brought with him for the day. It’s not long before Carlos is knocking once and then sliding in through the door as if he still has rights over the motorhome a year and a half on.
To the untrained eye, Carlos might look no different than he normally does, but Lando likes to think of himself as nearly an expert at the man who is Carlos Sainz Jr. at this point. And to that trained eye, Carlos looks exhausted with the lingering dregs of annoyance and disgust clinging to him from the press conference. His backpack hangs from his shoulders, ready to leave the paddock behind for the evening. Their obligations and schedules had lined up pretty well, so they’d elected to drive together. It’s a decision Lando’s very grateful for now.
Judging by his body language, Lando can tell Carlos wants nothing more than to vacate the premises as quickly as possible. Lando’s not sure if Silvia talked to him yet, but that can be a conversation for later. Instead, Lando pulls him in, shutting the door and pushing him gently to sit on the massage table. Nothing is even remotely soundproof here, making the shut door a moot point, but it lends an air of privacy, which is the only thing Lando is going for right now.
Carlos goes easily enough with Lando standing between his legs, draping his hands around Carlos’ neck. They stay like that, breathing together and still for a moment before Lando breaks the carefully kept silence.
“Are you regretting this?” It’s a question so rooted in his own frustration and insecurity, so irrational, that Lando is barely able to speak it aloud.
He doesn’t know if it’s good or bad that Carlos heaves a great sigh before finally shaking his head. When he’s done, Carlos drops his head to lean against Lando’s forehead, an attempt at a comforting gesture, no doubt. “Of course not. I could never regret anything having to do with you. I am just tired of nosy journalists who think this changes anything. As if we haven’t been doing this for two years already.” Quiet like this, Carlos’ words mesh together, the English thick and lovely to Lando’s ears.
Lando lets his hands trail down to settle his palms against the jut of Carlos’ jaw, warm and comforting just below his ears. He rubs soothing motions back and forth over his cheekbones with his thumbs, taking solace in the quiet hum that Carlos breathes out. “I’m sorry, really. We’re only in this mess because of my big mouth.”
“No,” Carlos is quick to interrupt. “We both had a choice, and I’m not going back on it. I wanted to tell people as much as you. This is just a bump to get where we want. Next time, we don’t answer the question at all.”
“Take a page out of Max’s book and be just shy of hostile.” Lando smiles as he hears the huff of breath that constitutes amusement from Carlos.
“Exactly.”
Charlotte knocks on the door to Lando’s room five or so minutes later, apologizing when it appears that she’s interrupted them. Lando shakes his head though and moves to sit next to Carlos, pulling his legs up to sit cross-legged.
“Just wanted to let you both know that I’ve had a chat with Silvia. Turns out, that journalist had had their questions flagged already and likely only pulled that stunt cause she had to step out. The moderators here said they’re going to be stricter going forward because believe it or not, it doesn’t look good for them either when the drivers snap at the journalists. You two aren’t in trouble though,” she’s quick to add. “That journalist was completely in the wrong— but that’s not surprising seeing the outlet he’s with is barely news already.”
Lando can’t help but smile at her snide comment, but her update, in general, relieves him. A crackdown on inappropriate questions would do them all good, even if only backed and supported because of the FIA’s distaste at being presented in a bad light. He’s not foolish enough to think that it’ll be all sunshine and daffodils from here on out, but he hopes that maybe it’s a start.
“Thank you, truly, Charlotte,” Carlos says before Lando can get to it. “It means a lot.”
Charlotte just shrugs and smiles. “I gotta protect my boys, even if you’re only one by proxy now, you know?”
Lando can’t help but jump up and pull her into a hug to try and express even a minuscule amount of gratitude he’s felt towards her for the past several months. God knows where they’d be without her by now. Rather than let this entire thing turn into a sob-induced feelings fest, Charlotte squeezes Lando back before pushing him and Carlos towards the door.
“You all need to get out of here and go have a good night because tomorrow until Sunday is only about racing. Got it? None of this drama allowed.”
They listen, if only because Lando desperately doesn’t want to disappoint her.

If Lando thought his first Grand Prix win was euphoric, getting to watch Carlos experience his own first win from second-place was on an entirely different level. Would Lando like to be up on that top step in Monaco, in a city so notorious and symbolic to drivers? Yeah, of course, but if he had to pick someone who wasn’t him, Carlos was a pretty good choice. Lando remembers how they finished last year and can’t help the extra pride he feels when they announce Carlos.
Carlos, the love of his absolute life, who kept Lando’s McLaren behind him with a failing power unit for the final ten laps of the race by some utter miracle. Lando still doesn’t know how he did it.
Not even the one nosy and inappropriate journalist who dares to ask Lando in the post-race press conference if he might have let Carlos win can dampen his mood. Lando, ever the media-trained professional, stares at the journalist for a moment before asking, “Are you being serious right now? You wasted your question on that?” Valtteri, who had squeaked his way into third, now barely suppresses a snort at Lando’s response. No one else asks as stupid of a question luckily or Lando thinks he’d have a fine from the FIA waiting for him.
It feels like forever until he and Carlos are both separately finished with their post-race media obligations. Lando’s still in his champagne and sweat-soaked racing suit and fireproofs, but rather than a shower, his first thought after the obligatory team picture is to find Carlos. So, he swipes another bottle of champagne, and though it’s not podium champagne, he knows it’ll still do what it needs to.
Sure enough, Lando finds a majority of the Ferrari garage still out in the pit late, laughing and celebrating their first win of the season. Carlos’ back is turned towards Lando, which is honestly perfect because it gives him the perfect vantage point to shake up the champagne bottle and aim it like the gremlin the media has taken to fondly calling him.
It only halfway works because Charles, who’s talking to Carlos, sees Lando coming and ducks out of the way at the last second. Henrik’s following Lando with his camera, a fact he’s immensely grateful for because Lando wants to rewatch the look of utter shock and betrayal that transforms Carlos’ face on repeat. He tries to fight the abbreviated spray from the smaller bottle, ducking quickly and moving fast towards Lando, his first-place trophy still tucked under his arm.
Carlos catches Lando’s hand with the champagne bottle, directing some of the spray into the air and back at Lando, rewetting his soggy suit for the third time that day. The cold spray is sudden enough that Lando screams protest against Carlos as if he were suddenly the victim here in a brutal, unwarranted attack. At the same time though, it’s a perfect encapsulation of the afternoon.
When the bottle’s empty, Lando slings the hand holding it around Carlos’ neck, bringing the latter closer and earning a hand wrapped tightly around Lando’s waist. They’re close, an incredibly intimate position surrounded by a sea of red, Henrik, and some residual media crew, but Lando only has eyes for Carlos at this moment. Carlos, who’s still holding his trophy down by his side.
“I am so proud of you,” Lando whispers in the space between them, low enough that none of the surrounding mics will likely pick it up. “I can’t believe you pulled that piece of junk across the line after everything.”
A peel of laughter escapes Carlos’ throat at Lando’s good-natured dig, but the smile that remains once the laughter fades catches the breath in Lando’s throat. How wonderful, how special, that Lando gets to call Carlos his.
Before Lando can say anything else, Charles calls out to them from a few feet away, effectively interrupting them. “Hey, p1, p2, photo op!” Lando doesn’t know who has the camera Charles is directing them towards— won’t know until later that evening even— but Carlos must have some semblance of a clue.
Rather than pull apart from Lando and stand there for a customary somewhat forced photo, he pulls Lando closer still, bringing the hand holding onto the trophy up to Lando’s cheek, before kissing him like their lives depend on it.
He doesn’t know who’s taking the picture, whether it’s actually Charles or Caco or someone else. He doesn’t know who’s even around them, which media crews are still lingering— if anyone has pulled their phone out for the ultimate proof of their relationship. Everything fades to just CarlosCarlosCarlos. The feel of Carlos so close and in public, and in their racing suits in the god-forsaken pit lane of all places. Lando feels unstoppable even as Carlos pulls away, kissing once more resolutely at the corner of his mouth.
“I am also proud of you,” Carlos murmurs. The thumb wrapped around the trophy reaches out to lightly brush against Lando’s cheek, the movement fleeting enough that Lando feels like he’s made of glass. “I love you so much.”

Charles sends Lando the picture he took later, which honestly causes Lando’s brain to short circuit for a minute while he lies in bed. Carlos is out on the hotel balcony talking to his parents, so Lando’s messing about on his phone in the meantime.
The photo is caught mid-kiss like Lando figured it would be, except from Charles’ vantage point, the trophy near-perfectly hides their point of contact— the gaps in it giving an idea as to what’s happening. And okay, they’re very clearly touching in other places, Carlos’ red clashing spectacularly with Lando’s bright blue, but it’s kind of poetically perfect. If Lando looks hard enough, he thinks he can see Carlos physically pouring his feelings and pride into the kiss— the knowledge filling Lando with butterflies even two years on.
He shoots Charles a text back thanking him, and then impulsively opens Instagram. Charles has already gone through the process of fixing the light balance, so all Lando has to do is draft up the caption. It takes almost no thought, leaving him with the published photo and caption that reads: “Words cannot describe how proud of this man that I am. He means the absolute world and I am so lucky that he’s let me stick by his side for all this time. Here’s to many more wins x.”
Carlos comes back inside about five minutes later, looking at his phone with a fond smile on his face. It’s pretty clear that he’s seen Lando’s post since Lando had been sure to tag him in it. “What will the people say when they find out it wasn’t me who let you stick around, but that it was you who just never left?” The glow of his win still hasn’t faded all the way, leaving him looking almost ethereal with his windswept hair and team polo he had yet to change out of.
Lando can’t help but laugh, biting at his lip to hold back a further smile as Carlos tosses his phone onto the bed and comes to crowd Lando where he sits up against the headboard. “You can’t tell them that. It’ll ruin the whole thing.”
And maybe they’re both right. Maybe Carlos never specifically asked Lando to keep sticking around, and maybe Lando simply never wanted to leave. Perhaps they both equally found solace and comfort, a sense of belonging and camaraderie within each other that persisted and transformed into what they had with each other now. Whatever the true answer was though, the important thing is that they aren’t going anywhere, and Lando’s sure their Instagram captions would continue to reflect as such.
T/W mild violence, transphobia and misgendering :(

Also, I used the word Redacted instead of using a deadname and I wrote the word slur instead of writing what slur it is because you can probably infer it with context and I don't like writing slurs and things.

Tommy's P.O.V

So. I'll cut right to the chase. Ranboo and I were siblings. He was a year and a half older than me and for the first 5 years of my life, I was unaware of his existence. A little under a year after my mum had had Ranboo she was pregnant again - with me - but a few months into the pregnancy, she found out that my dad had cheated on her. They were divorced by the time I was born and my dad took Ranboo and moved to America. I stayed in England with my mother. Father and son, mother and daughter. Yes, I was born a girl but that's not important yet. For the first five years of my life, I was oblivious to the fact that the baby pictures on the mantlepiece had two different babies in them. When I was 6 I decided to ask. My mum sat me down and tried to explain what had happened in a simple way that a child's mind would be able to understand.

When I was 7, I got a computer and started playing Minecraft/ making videos.

After being violently bullied for several years, I stopped. but it was my dream and when I was 13, I decided to start again. I got twitch and discord and started streaming as well as uploading youtube videos.

This was the same year that I first spoke to Ranboo. My mother and father were still somewhat in contact and Ranboo had wanted to know if I had discord (which I did) and he had sent over his user tag. I was a bundle of nerves as I pressed add friend only for the request to be accepted instantly.

[Redacted]

Redacted&gt; Hey!

God, this is strange, isn't it?

Redacted&gt; Yeah, wanna hop into a vc?

Sure!

I started a video chat which - once again - was instantly accepted. It took a moment for both of our webcams to turn on, but we were speechless when they did. The likeness was uncanny. We looked so similar except for the fact that his hair was browner than mine. We had the same fluffy hair albeit mine being a little longer, same facial features and both of us were wearing a hoodie making the similarity even more shocking.

We called every day after that and I started noticing changes to myself that weren't the same with any of the other girls in my school. How I wasn't comfortable in my body, hating the way my hips curved or the way my chest wasn't flat. I hated all the things that made me inherently 'feminine'. It just wasn't right. I didn't feel like I was...myself. I wanted to look more like Ranboo, with a stronger jawline and short hair and...less like a woman I guess. I pulled all-nighters looking things up and finding loads of genders and pronouns and definitions that I had never heard before. I found myself scrolling through pronoun dressing room websites and trying different combinations until eventually, I landed on he/they/void. Void was lesser-used but I still liked it. Then I started to look through names, I scrolled through shitty 'what to name your baby' websites but in the end, I came up with the name myself. Tommy. The only thing was coming out. I knew that my mother would accept me as she had always been quite the LGBTQIA+ advocate, but my father on the other hand was quite the opposite. I didn't know much about him but from the few conversations I had had with him, he had always spoken poorly in trans matters. I didn't know Ranboo's views on transgender people and neo-pronouns. I doubted that he would be unaccepting but I still worried.

On my 14th birthday, I finally mustered up the courage to tell him. We were sat in a VC at around 8 pm having been on call for most of the day when I spoke up. "Hey, Ranboo?" I said slowly.

"What's up [Redacted]?" He replied. I cringed inwardly at the name.

"I, uh, I've been meaning to tell you this for a while now and...I- I'm trans."

"Wow, I-" Ranboo paused for a moment, in thought.

That was it, that was gonna be the moment that he would tell me I was disgusting. He would leave me and -

"I'm so proud of you."

What?

"Just to clarify, what are your name and pronouns? I want to make sure I get it right."

"Uh, my name is Tommy and I go by he, they or void. I get that void might be difficult to use so don't worry about that."

"If it's a pronoun that you use, then I am going to use it. Also, would you prefer being called my brother, sister or sibling?"

"Sibling."

"Damn, I'm so proud of you Tommy."

I think that was the happiest night of my life.

2 years went by and Ranboo and I were both famous streamers/YouTubers. We had never meant to keep it from our other friends but it never came up in conversation. Ranboo got insanely protective over me which I think tended to confuse people, but they themselves were pretty protective too so they just guessed that it was in Ranboo's nature.

We were practically the perfect idea of siblings, rarely fighting. In fact, we had only ever fought once. I was in America, staying with Ranboo and our step mum. Our dad was away on a business trip so I didn't have to worry about him. I was sitting in the corner of Ranboo's room, listening in as he streamed. There was an ongoing bit where I was always angry at Ranboo for stealing Tubbo, in reality, it had never really bothered me, well, not until that day.

It started with hearing Tubbo and Ranboo joking around, then scrolling through Twitter to distract myself and finding a ton of people praising Ranboo and Tubbo's dynamic and saying how I only interfered and how they were so glad that Tubbo was able to find someone better. Finally, Ranboo and Tubbo started doing a bit that Tubbo and I used to do. That was our thing. I took a deep breath, made sure that Ranboo had his facecam off and then left the room. Ranboo must've noticed because only a minute later I got a text from him.

Where'd you go? &lt;Ranboo&gt; Toms, you good?

I couldn't bring myself to respond. Tubbo was my best friend. Well, Ranboo was, but Ranboo was also blood-related whereas Tubbo was not. So, namely, Tubbo was my best friend and the thought of him ditching me and becoming best friends with my brother. It felt like someone was strangling me, cutting off my air supply all while screaming how I wasn't good enough. I wasn't like Ranboo. He was everything I wasn't. Everything that was worthy.

Tears flooded my eyes as I walked into Ranboo's room and lay flat on my back on the blow-up mattress I had been sleeping on. God, this was such a mess.

Ranboo came in 10 minutes later having ended the stream and sat down on the end of the blow-up mattress. His expression softened when he saw the drying tear tracks on my face. "What happened? I ended early cause I was getting worried."

"Go back to Tubbo," I murmured, there was no malice to my words, just defeat.

"What?! What's that supposed to mean?"

"It means what I said, go back to Tubbo."

"Tommy, what's going on here, I don't understand."

"Tubbo was my best friend, now he's yours. That's fine. Go back to whatever you were doing."

"Toms, why would you say-"

"Please, Ranboo, just go. Please, get out."

"Tommy-"

"Please, Ran, please, please, I can't-"

I couldn't breathe.

Ranboo's P.O.V

I watched as his pleas for me to leave got more and more desperate, to the point that voi was hyperventilating. He was having a panic attack. I sat down in front of them reaching out my hands, palm up, and letting them hover. An invitation for him to take them, which he did. "Alright, Tommy, can you hear me?"I asked, receiving a quick nod, "Okay, we're gonna try this. Can you tell me 5 things that you can see?"

"Y-You, the bed...the floor, my hands and my pillow."

"Good job! Now we're gonna try 4 things that you can touch."

"Y-your hands, the bed, my blankets and the floor."

"There you go! How about 3 things you can hear, that's a bit trickier."

"Uh, your voice, my voice and the trees rustling outside."

"Perfect! This one's even harder so don't worry if you think of any, 2 things you can smell. Um,  deodorant...and... I don't know-"

"That's okay, 1 thing you can taste?"

"The coca-cola from earlier."

"You breathin' a little better now?"

"Mhmm, I'm sorry Ranboo, I'm so sorry. I didn't mean to lash out at you, 'm scared."

"Scared of what, sunshine?"

"Losing you and Tubbo."

It made so much sense now. My heart melted a little and I moved over so I could pull Tommy against me, hugging him tightly.  "Never, sweetheart, I would never leave you, neither would Tubbo, we both love you and wouldn't even think of abandoning you," I whispered, resting my head on top of theirs.

Now, a year later. I was in England for a meetup. I'd been planning to go and see Tommy for a while but covid had hit so I wasn't allowed and then Tubbo suggested I go so that we could meet up for the 'first' time, the three of us. He still wasn't aware that Tommy and I were related.

When I arrived at the airport, Tubbo's dad was there with Tommy and Tubbo to get me. I was staying with Tubbo and Tommy in a small house that we were planning on moving into together in future. I had my mask and sunglasses on as Tubbo wanted me to take them off and show Tommy and him my face. We got into the house and Tubbo was looking at me expectantly, I knew he wanted to see what I looked like. Seeing my face, however, was a big giveaway that Tommy and I were related. Their appearance had changed a little over time and we looked the exact same asides from the slight hair colour difference. We literally looked like we were identical twins, if I wasn't taller and older of course. Tommy smiled and nodded at me. It was time. I took off the mask and sunglasses, putting them on the table before straightening up and locking eyes with Tubbo. He wore an expression of mild confusion, looking back and forth between Tommy and me. "Are you two...like...related, or something? Cause what the hell." He finally managed to say. Tommy and I burst out laughing. "Yes, Tubbo," Tommy said after a moment, "We're siblings."

"When were you gonna tell me that?!"

We spent a long time explaining what was going on to Tubbo but he sat patiently and listened to our story. In the end, he deemed it as 'cool', wishing that he had a long lost sibling out there somewhere.

The same thing happened when we met up with George and Jack. But the way that Phil and Wilbur found out wasn't so pleasant. Our dad had come down from America to see Tommy and to visit our mum but there was a problem. He didn't know that Tommy was called Tommy. Or that they weren't a girl. I was sat at my desk upstairs when our dad arrived. Tommy was the one to let him in and I guess my dad must've realised something because all of a sudden there was yelling from downstairs. "Who is that Ranboo?" Wilbur asked.

"Shit, one sec." Was all I managed to say, I didn't bother with muting my mic or turning off my video (I had my mask and sunglasses on) as I was just going to go downstairs and try to calm my dad down before going back up again. Of course, that wasn't the case. I left my mask and glasses on a cabinet in the hall as I rushed down the stairs to the living room where the yelling was coming from. Tubbo wasn't home at that point, he was out at the shops so I knew it was just Tommy and our father. What I didn't expect was for Tommy to be on the ground, bleeding from their lip and a cut on his forehead with my dad looming over him, having caused the damage. "What is happening?!" I asked rushing in.

"What's happening is that [Redacted] thinks she's a boy."

"No voi doesn't," I said curtly, moving forwards to help Tommy to their feet.

"What the fuck is a 'voi'? It's she."

"Go back to America you fucking prick." I snarled, wrapping an arm around Tommy's waist when voi started to hyperventilate, "We don't want nor need you here and would appreciate it if you got the fuck out." I led Tommy up the stairs and into my room noticing how they flinched when our father yelled up the stairs, "Fine, I'll leave, but [Redacted] you're not my kid anymore, fuck that, I won't have a slur for a daughter."

"In that case, you don't have any kids, dumbass, cause I'm not sticking around after that bullshit."

The front door slammed shut.

It was then I remember the discord call, that was still running, that we were very much visible too. I unplugged my headphones and got Tommy sat on the chair, myself leaning over it. "Well, ask away," I said.

"Firstly, who was that?" Phil asked.

"That was our father."

"You're related?!"

"Yeah, it's a long story."

"Who's [Redacted]?"

"That's...uh...that's my birth name, I was uh, afab."  (A female at birth.)

As far as everyone on the server knew, Tommy was born a male but they're non-binary. They didn't know that voi was born a female.

I ran and got a wet cloth to wipe off Tommy's face as he spoke to Phil and Wilbur. I turned his chair to face me so that I could clean his cuts while he continues telling our story from the start. In the end, Phil told us that it might be a good idea to take a small break from streaming after what had happened as, even though we didn't feel too bad then, that could all change in a heartbeat. Especially with the whole characters and their trauma. We agreed and scheduled a discord call with Dream in which we explained everything. He was super understanding and told us to take all the time we needed. Next, we addressed the fans, in the first way we thought of, a Twitter thread.

Ranboo             
  12:32
  Hey Tommy?

TommyInnit      
  12:33Yes, Ranboo?

Ranboo           
  12:33So...when were we planning on telling the fans we're related?

TommyInnit      
  12:34SHHHHH! That's a secret...dear brother of mine.

Tommyinnit      
  12:34But in all seriousness. I think we're breaking Twitter :) Oh well. Surprise bitches.

To Izuku's surprise, the first night is Tokoyami.
Most of the people sheltering at U.A. were moved to evacuation centers designed to fit as many people as possible into bunkers that can withstand any villain attack. Heights Alliance is too big of a target; if only they could erect a dome across the whole campus, Principal Nezu says remorsefully as though it's entirely plausible to enclose an area the size of its own prefecture. The bunkers are the safest place to be -
So it only stands to reason that the civilians don't want Izuku there. He doesn't blame them. He's a painted target in every way.
Wherever Izuku goes, All for One's eyes follow.
This is why he tried so hard to stay away from here altogether, but his classmates won't let him leave. Uraraka's grip on his hand is bruising as she glares at the droves of people protesting at the entrance to the shelters. Some of them try to argue - his classmates; his friends, the first friends he's ever really had, kind-hearted people that care enough to brave a dangerous and unknown world because they want to stand beside him - but ultimately, people only get more agitated the harder they try to force the issue.
Yaoyorozu proposes the compromise of returning to Heights Alliance over hiding Izuku with the other civilians or letting him leave the school again. The windowed buildings are sturdier than they look with their own built in safety mechanisms. Even though they're huge and highly visible from above U.A., their classmates are resourceful and they can find their own ways to buffer the defenses, she argues.
Their parents and teachers aren't exactly thrilled with this solution, but it placates everyone else enough that the ones arguing Izuku shouldn't even be allowed near Musutafu begrudgingly accept it.
It all seems so pointless to him. They're scared. They have every reason to be. He shouldn't be here; he's only making things worse for everyone.
But they drag him back to their old dorm rooms against his weak protests. It's been so long since they've been here together that a solemn quiet falls over them as they enter the darkened building. Someone finds the lights and for a moment, it's blinding. Izuku has to shield his tired eyes from the brilliant glare of light shining from above and bouncing off of the smooth floors and furniture that was once so comforting and familiar.
He hasn't been somewhere this bright in a long time. It makes his head hurt.
Jirou and Kaminari promise they'll find a way to dim the lights across the building; it's probably safer anyway, and Kaminari nervously claims it'll help save power too, even though U.A. will never want for electricity even if the national power grid went down. It's more effort than it's worth, Izuku protests, but everyone shushes him as they urge him in the direction of the showers.
His body is too heavy and sore for him to fight them off as they take his backpack and start peeling his ruined equipment off. The gauntlets practically crumble into pieces despite being made of one of the strongest flexible metals there are. His gloves are in tatters, his armored boots in a similar sorry state.
When they get down to his clothes, everyone groans in disgust and Izuku says he can handle it from there. Kacchan is the one that tells them to stop being fucking infants about it and pushes through to start removing his filthy uniform.
Izuku heats from head to toe and tries to object, but Kirishima gives him a sad smile as he says, "Let us help."
It's humiliating but Izuku starts to cry as a group of them work together to remove his ruined clothes. They're covered in blood and dirt and sliced into ribbons from injuries he's gained over the last few weeks. He isn't the one hissing in discomfort as they tug at old wounds that cling to the soiled fabric, though.
It doesn't hurt. No, Izuku barely feels a thing at all. His body is heavy like a stone that's been dashed against other rocks as a raging river washed him downstream. Everything feels smooth and cold and distant.
He tries to argue that he can do it himself when they have him naked in front of a shower head, but Kacchan snaps at him to 'stop being a stubborn piece of shit.' So he keeps his head lowered and watches as black and brown swirl around in the water going down the drain.
They're eerily silent as they focus on their work - hard work, when Izuku hasn't had a bath in who knows how long - but he wouldn't hear any of it anyway. It's been raining so much lately that the water thundering over his head leaves his mind numb and his ears ringing.
How is he really here? He was running for so long that it feels wrong to be standing still. The hot water should probably be warming his muscles but all he feels is static and silence, like this is a dream he shouldn't be having.
When they're done, they hand him a pile of clean clothes. His own clothes that they must've gotten from his room. They're soft and unfamiliar even though he's worn them a thousand times. Izuku holds them in a daze until Sero lightheartedly jokes, "You remember how these work, right?"
It's funny. Sincerely. But no one laughs and Izuku swallows hard as he steps into the first clean pair of boxers he's held in -
Who knows. He's sure there's a number of days that he's been away from U.A. but he stopped keeping track at some point and he doesn't know when he ran through all of the clothes he could fit in his backpack. He doesn't know how long it's been and he isn't sure that it matters when he still shouldn't be here.
That's all he can really think about. He shouldn't be here.
They hand him a pair of slippers and usher him to the second floor, Aoyama holding tightly onto one arm like he's afraid Izuku will book it the moment he lets go. Without thinking, like he's running into a brick wall, Izuku comes to an abrupt stop at the door to his bedroom.
His room. His own room, where he slept and studied while he was attending the best school in Japan. While he was training to become a hero with all of his friends.
Why does it feel like it was years ago instead of weeks? Why does Izuku feel like he's invading someone else's space?
He's not sure how long he stands there before someone eventually opens the door for him. A foot shoving lightly at his ass forces him inside, and Izuku shouldn't be surprised to turn around and find Kacchan there with his hands in his pockets. There's a furrow to his brows that Izuku can't interpret; all he says is, "Get some sleep, nerd," before exiting the room.
Aoyama hovers for a little bit longer to all but tuck Izuku into bed, and then he's finally alone again. He's been alone a lot lately, in places without four walls let alone a bed to lay in. Maybe it should be comforting, but he's wound up tight with anxiety and the burning urge to be elsewhere, to be away from people that can get hurt because of him, to be on the hunt for All for One so he can put an end to this. So everyone can feel safe and smile again, so they can go home to their loved ones without fearing for losing them.
He shouldn't be here. He shouldn't be here.
It's the only thought on his mind while he isn't sleeping, simply laying in bed staring at the ceiling with his eyes wide open and his mind on fire. He isn't stupid; he's sure there's someone keeping an eye on him to stop him from running away -
But when it's one in the morning and Izuku can't take it anymore, he opens the door to his balcony and is surprised to find Tokoyami already there. Fully awake with a blanket wrapped around him like a poncho, Dark Shadow looming large above him with its arms crossed and a glowing scowl.
Izuku stammers awkwardly, "A-ah, um -"
"It seems Bakugo made the correct assessment once again," Tokoyami says as he stands, holding the blanket in place. It isn't very threatening - especially when Dark Shadow looks like it might start crying more than going into a rage, which surprises Izuku given how late it is.
But they both block his path forward without making any aggressive moves as Tokoyami says, "I'm sorry, my friend, but we will not let you leave."
Ah. Izuku deflates with a weak smile, "No, I guess not."
Of course they're still working together, and of course it was Kacchan's idea. He's starting to wonder how much his childhood friend and rival arranged this whole ordeal. But that's too big of a question for his exhausted mind to handle right now, so he steps back into his room and gestures for Tokoyami to come inside.
His friend obliges with a short incline of his head; Dark Shadow growls as he passes but shrinks considerably the moment they're indoors, wrapping around Tokoyami in a seemingly protective cowl as he sits on the ground. Adjusting the blanket to settle in comfortably, Tokoyami simply blinks at Izuku, and he figures that means they're probably spending the night here.
Izuku exhales lightly. Okay, then. If this is just how it's going to be…
Locking the glass door to the balcony, he pads back to his bed and sits on the edge of it to face his friends sheepishly. It's been so long… or at least it feels like it, after the raid on Gunga Mountain Villa and Izuku's departure.
He knows that Tokoyami saved Hawks' life. The awful damage to his body from Dabi - from Touya's flames left his wings in tatters, although his voice is finally starting to heal. To be able to act that quickly and rescue Hawks from the mansion, in the middle of the day too -
With how calm he is now, how both of them are able to sit together in the darkness of the room and consider Izuku solemnly - it's obvious how much Tokoyami has grown and how much Dark Shadow has grown with him. They've found balance and control. Their new special move is proof of that.
Ragnarok: Womb. It's really something else. Considering where they started, all their struggles along the way, the intense training and the dark places Tokoyami has had to navigate through to master his quirk… they're so much stronger now.
Everyone is. They've been through so much together, and now…
Izuku's eyes heat to think about it. They burn every time he gets a moment for his mind to wander, like all the anger and sadness and loneliness of the last few weeks is just waiting to burst from behind a cracking wall. It was easier to shut it out while he was running, when he had a mission and could pour all of his attention into simply making it through each day. His mind was clear and certain, without an ounce of hesitation to do what was needed if it would keep people safe and get him one step closer to All for One.
Now he's back at Heights Alliance, putting his friends and countless innocent civilians at risk, while they're nowhere closer to catching that bastard.
It's like moving backwards. It hurts to face his friends knowing that this is all his fault. It feels like Izuku failed them.
Unsure of what to say or do now, a bitter apology burning on his tongue while he bites it, Dark Shadow is the one that ends up speaking first, "Y'know, Fumikage missed you."
It sounds so petulant for a sentient quirk, almost like a child holding back a tantrum. Tokoyami huffs in a faint laugh but doesn't argue otherwise, shaking his head before looking back up with honest eyes.
Izuku's heart flutters. His voice comes thin as he whispers, "I missed you too…" There's that heat again! He sniffles hard and tries to smile, feels the weak trembling at the corner of his lips, but turns toward Dark Shadow directly to add, "Both of you."
Tokoyami and his quirk blink in surprise, a perfect unison as they're thrown by the way Izuku has always treated them as two whole and complete individuals. Sure, Dark Shadow exists within Tokoyami as a quirk ability, a part of his DNA that can't separate the two. But the shadowy creature has a mind and a heart of its own, a sense of humor and a unique perspective on the world.
They can be wholly connected to each other and still be two separate entities. They're more than just a boy and his quirk. They're heroes, and Izuku respects them both for how hard they work together to do good things. He can relate to the struggle of controlling an unwieldy power. Although now…
"It's good to see you again, Midoriya," his friend says in a calming tone, breaking through Izuku's muddled thoughts. Tokoyami isn't really one to smile often, but his eyes are soft and his voice is kind, "You've spent too long traversing through darkness alone. Even the blackest of nights must eventually give way to the sun."
Oh. Through his uniquely poetic way of speaking, Izuku knows Tokoyami is telling him to get some rest. 'Even the blackest of nights must eventually give way to the sun...'
Izuku inhales deeply and whispers, "Yeah. Thanks, Tokoyami."
His friends are just sincerely good people… Izuku eventually sighs and starts futzing around with his bedding, trying to figure out how to get comfortable when his instincts are still telling him to leave. He's just about ready to give in and lay down when he notices his classmate hasn't shifted at all.
"Um…" It's awkward when they're practically babysitting him to make sure he doesn't make another escape attempt… Izuku shyly offers, "D-do you want a pillow?"
Dark Shadow makes a quiet hmph! and Tokoyami gives that faint smile of his, "This will do us just fine, thank you. Sleep, Midoriya."
There's really nothing he can do, huh? Izuku deflates with a huff and nods his head, conceding defeat as he slips under his All Might-themed blanket. It's uncomfortable for a number of reasons, not least because it's been a long time since he laid down on a mattress with clean sheets or had someone nearby that Izuku could trust to keep him safe through the night.
Safe. That's almost laughable.
Izuku sleeps fitfully, torn between thoughts of dark streets and ruined buildings and the faces of his loved ones drowning beneath a torrential rain.
Iida takes the second night.
After Tokoyami's progress report, their class president volunteers to spend the night with him immediately, claiming, "Heroes need a proper amount of rest to be on top of their performance at all times!"
It's so heartfelt and sincere that Izuku can't help accepting with a smile, even though it means agreeing to be under observation. They claim it's not that they expect him to try to leave, only that they want to be prepared for the possibility of it, which is fair enough.
Izuku doesn't know what he'll do either right now. He hasn't had enough time to think about it or formulate a plan. Now that he's back at U.A., they'll have to change their strategy for finding All for One and keeping everyone on campus safe. This isn't what he planned for and the uncertainty leaves him floundering. Too many factors, not enough information. It feels like being cut off from the rest of the world, where people are still scared and hurting.
He shouldn't be here. He shouldn't -
They make the kind of group breakfast they would before their classes most days and they behave no differently either, comfortable and warm as they gather their servings and make small talk. It's still awkward because of course it is; there's a big elephant in the room and its name is Izuku. But they dance around the topic of his -
His what? Capture? Rescue?
Izuku is out of place here in more ways than one, from his ragged appearance to the fact he didn't exactly come voluntarily. He did his best not to hurt any of them in their encounter ( at least, not physically ) so he's the only one covered in lingering bruises and new scars. Someone mentioned having Recovery Girl come look at his injuries after they washed the grime off of his skin, but Izuku avidly protested until they compromised with having one of their classmates tend to him for now.
God. It's just… it's all too much. They're going through so much trouble for him and he doesn't - he -
He shouldn't be here.
So Class A comes to the mutual agreement that someone should spend each night with Izuku for the time being. They start bidding for shifts and arguing over who should get to go when. It's - Izuku stays silent the whole time, trying not to cry as his friends compete with each other for the chance to take care of him. It's so silly and his heart feels so full.
They didn't ask for his protection. He didn't ask for theirs. But heroes save everyone, and right now -
Right now, they need all the help they can get. They're stronger together. Izuku understands that now.
But it's hard not to feel like a burden. The risk they're all taking by letting him be here, watching over him to make sure he stays, even going so far as feeding and bathing him ( although they've at least agreed that will be a one time thing ). He feels wanted and cared for and it leaves a lump in his throat that makes it hard to breathe.
The entire time, Kacchan keeps an eye on Izuku without saying much. They really need to talk to each other… but it keeps getting pushed aside. Someone trying to cheer Izuku up, or an update on what's been happening while he was gone, or discussions of what to do next and who to talk to. All big, important things that seem to fade into the background every time green eyes meet red and someone looks away first.
Kacchan…
Promptly at 8PM, Iida finds Izuku already wearing his nightcap and holding a bedroll in his arms. He looks as eager and ready as any kid going to a sleepover; Izuku wonders if he can let himself believe that's all this is, just two teenagers spending the night together instead of young heroes fending off the chaos of the world. Instead of the class representative trying to stop the high school dropout from disappearing in the middle of the night.
Jeez. In all the lofty dreams he had about becoming a hero in the future, Izuku never could have predicted winding up here.
They both make quiet farewells to the rest of Class A before heading to Izuku's dorm room. Iida's been here several times for studying or watching videos and he immediately starts setting out his blanket and pillow on the ground. Izuku watches him work so efficiently with an amused huff, then sits in the middle of his bed to wait as his friend gets comfortable.
"I'm sure we all have our own nightly routines, but modeling good behavior can be a strong learning tool," Iida offers genially, a polite way of saying he isn't telling Izuku what to do but he should be taking notes. It's almost funny, when he hasn't been sleeping at all let alone following a routine in the last few weeks. Maybe he really should be writing this down.
Iida gives more advice for how to get a good night's sleep as he slips under his makeshift covers. Izuku listens with a smile on his lips and fuzz in his ears. This is all friendly and familiar and it feels so wrong.
He shouldn't be here. But Iida is the one that reached out to him, that took his hand and refused to let go. They went through so much to get to Izuku and Iida took to the sky to follow through, going higher and faster than anyone else in their class can go.
The hero Ingenium really is amazing. Izuku's eyes burn and his voice is strained when he finally says, "Thank you, Iida."
They look each other in the eyes for a long moment, different thoughts and memories weighing heavy on them in the seconds that pass. But just as Izuku is building up the courage to speak, his friend pipes up first, "Before you start apologizing to me -"
Which makes Izuku deflate with a soft exhale. They really do have him all figured out, huh?
Iida smiles sadly and surprises him again by reaching toward the bed, offering his hand. Izuku's heart trembles and his hand shakes as he places it into Iida's, who gives it a squeeze before speaking gently, "I want you to know how much we care about you. When you were unconscious in the hospital, I was worried sick about what was going on. And when you left us with those letters…"
Guilt tugs Izuku's heart strings at the way his friend's face falls. But Iida is steady and stalwart for them all; he lifts his head and doesn't falter as he continues, "During the hardest parts of my brother's recovery, at least I could see him and be there to support him. He would always know he had the love of his family right there beside him."
Oh, no. Silent tears are already falling down both of their faces, making it hard to see each other clearly in the darkened room.
But their hands stay clasped and Izuku feels it deep inside when Iida says, "We want to stand beside you. Wherever this journey may take you, you should know that you are loved and you are not alone."
When Izuku starts bawling, his head aching with the force of his emotions, Iida carefully tugs him forward into his arms. It's awkward when he's sitting on the bed and his friend is on the floor, but they cling to each other while Izuku sobs against his shoulder.
He shouldn't be relieved. They're all in danger. The immense weight of One for All's power and All for One's reign of terror, the collapse of their flawed hero society and the people that have been crushed beneath it - civilians and heroes and villains alike -
It's all so much. Too much, far too much for one person to carry. But Izuku's friends are here telling him he doesn't have to bear that weight alone.
He shouldn't be here and he shouldn't be relieved, but for now, Izuku is held close and safe in the arms of someone he loves, of someone that loves him back, someone willing to go beyond their limits to keep him within their grasp.
Izuku holds on tight and doesn't let go.
Uraraka takes the third night.
When Izuku flushes and protests that he's never been alone in his room with a girl before, she gives him a sweet smile that carries the heavy undertone of I can kick your ass if I need to, so he begrudgingly steps aside to let her in. She brought her own pillow and blanket too, but she throws Izuku for a loop completely when she sets them down and sits on the edge of his bed instead, patting the space beside her for him to join.
There's a girl in his room! On his bed! Alone!! What is happening?!
It feels like his entire head could burst from how hard he's blushing, but there's a severity to the situation that can't be dismissed over the awkwardness of two teenagers of the opposite sex sitting next to each other. On a bed. On Izuku's bed, that is covered in All Might's colors.
Of all the things he could feel humbled by right now…
"Deku," Uraraka says sternly, cutting through his buzzing nerves. Izuku snaps his attention back to her face, only to find that her cheeks are red too. But her eyes are deadly serious; nervous and embarrassed and in no way daunted by those things when there's something more important to address.
She was so shy and easily flustered when they started at U.A. Have they all really grown that much? After everything they've been through… how could they not?
Izuku swallows thickly and tells himself to be as brave as she is when he finally crosses the room to sit beside her. Several moments pass in a tense silence before Uraraka inhales deeply and pats her knees once in a gesture to steel herself for what she's chosen to say.
Her voice is strong and steady as she asks, "You know I've been on most of the same missions as you, right?"
Eh? Izuku blinks owlishly and she finally turns to look him head on with large brown eyes sparkling in sincerity and barely constrained tears.
"Aside from our work studies, when you were with Endeavor and I was with Ryukyu," she clarifies, "we've been sent on the same missions. The Chie Hassaikai compound, Nabu Island, Gunga Mountain Villa…"
She trails off; of course there are other examples but those are the greatest hits, and they hit hard. Izuku's chest tightens and Uraraka swallows thickly as she presses on, "We've been in all the same classes. Studied all of the same materials, taken all of the same tests."
He's not sure where she's going with this until she sniffles and manages not to cry when she chokes out, "Do you think you're a better hero than me?"
Izuku's heart sinks to his feet and he rasps, "What? No, I -"
"I think you're awesome, Deku," his friend interrupts, insistent and unashamed, even though her face is so red that she looks like she could pass out. He's seen it happen before. He's familiar with the shade.
Still, Uraraka continues, "I look up to you. I think - no, I know we all do. And you should know that too."
… Eh? He's - what?
He blinks at her in confusion and she doesn't miss a beat, smiling faintly, "How are you so smart and so clueless? It's like you spend so much time watching everyone else that you can't see yourself anymore."
Wh-what?
Izuku flounders, completely disarmed by the sudden direction of this conversation. Her expression is so sad that he reaches for her on instinct; Uraraka captures his hand and takes it between both of her own, lowering them to their joined knees so she can continue to face him directly.
"You're awesome, Deku," she says sincerely, "You're like, a really good person. Sometimes it's like you don't understand that and that makes me sad. Because you're really awesome."
She's repeating herself, as she often does when she gets nervous, but Uraraka smiles and her eyes glitter like starlight as she cries, "You make us want to be a better version of ourselves. A better hero. A better friend."
And then they're both crying; Izuku places his free hand on top of where their others are joined, holding on tightly. Uraraka has always been so much stronger than anyone might imagine just from looking at her.
"The best version of me wants to protect you," she says with the smallest crack of her voice, "not because you need to be protected. But because heroes save everyone, including each other."
Oh. His heart throbs painfully and she doesn't relent.
"We're still learning, Deku, and we're supposed to be learning together. That's why we came to U.A., right? To become the country's best heroes?"
Izuku can't help laughing at that, a light, exhausted huff like stale air exiting his lungs as they empty. It seems so hilariously juvenile, somehow, even though it's only been a year.
It's only been a year. How has it only been a year?
Almost as though she can read his thoughts, Uraraka smiles weakly, "We're still students, dummy. We're your classmates and your friends. We're supposed to be doing this together."
Somehow, that's what cracks the dam inside of him and Izuku crumbles into pieces. He breaks down sobbing, overwhelmed and incapable of holding it in anymore. Uraraka pulls his head to her shoulder as he cries and clings to her, holding on for dear life and held just as tightly in return.
'We're supposed to be doing this together.'
'Stop trying to win this on your own.'
'Because saving people is how we win.'
It's all too much to think about. Izuku's thoughts and memories spiral around him, thundering in his mind beneath the endless downpour of rain and tears. He's so lost and confused -
And yet he is found at the same time. Izuku feels seen for who he is, not the power he holds or what he can do for someone else. Izuku Midoriya, the hero Deku -
the specter roaming the streets of Japan as it falls to ruin -
Whatever else he may be, Izuku has friends that love him and see the value in who he is as a person. That want him around because they enjoy his company, that want to learn with him because he inspires them to grow.
That aren't asking for anything more than the chance to be at his side. By their own choice and power -
They choose to reach for his hand. How could Izuku ever refuse?
He weeps on Uraraka's shoulder as the torrent washes through him, leaving him weak and battered on the shore. She holds him close, easing them both down to his bed as they shake and cry and fall asleep in each other's arms.
"Can I go next?" Todoroki asks while they're in the middle of eating breakfast. A few of their friends nearby pause and Izuku lowers his chopsticks to blink at him curiously. He adds very seriously, "I want to spend the night with you."
Which makes those of their classmates that didn't stop choke on their food. Izuku's face turns red and Kacchan is the one that shouts, "What in the fuck is with the way you worded that, Icy Hot?"
Todoroki's eyebrows furrow in confusion, "Oh. Sorry." He fixes Izuku with grey and blue eyes that are always intense somehow, "Midoriya, can I sleep with you tonight?"
There's more choking as people burst out laughing, some of them horribly failing to cover their mouths before halfway chewed food comes spitting out. Kirishima has to keep Kacchan in his chair as he furiously screeches, "That's not fucking better, you dumb piece of shit!"
Izuku laughs harder than he probably has in well over a month, his stomach hurting and tears spilling down his cheeks. Maybe it's a little manic and excessive, but he can't help it! It's so silly that it feels like he's floating somewhere above all the heaviness of everything else they're dealing with right now. Iida claps a hand on his shoulder with a fond smile and even though he seems confused about their response, Todoroki's face looks lighter too.
As his breathing calms and he wipes the moisture away from his eyes, there's still a smile in Izuku's voice as he finally responds, "Of course you can stay with me tonight, Todoroki. Thank you."
His friend smiles and nods his head, perfectly content ignoring the uproar and digging back into his meal. He's always been like that, willing to say whatever is on his mind without any filters. Maybe to a stunning degree, considering how easily he shared his family's story with Izuku and let him into the private parts of his life. Given everything he knows now, Izuku isn't surprised that his mannerisms aren't as polished as those of them fortunate enough to have had time to learn how to interact with others.
Working closely with Endeavor hasn't exactly made it easier to digest his friend's upbringing, but Izuku thinks he understands them both more now. Everyone is trying to grow from the shadow of their past in their own ways. They're all moving forward.
Even Kacchan -
Izuku glances over to where he's shoveling food into his mouth with an angry glower, mumbling unintelligibly in what Izuku is sure are vague and empty threats. Everything else aside, it feels good to see Kacchan energetic and healthy. Before they brought him back, the last time Izuku had seen him -
Dammit. The moment that image comes to mind, remembering the shock of being pushed out of the way and the horror of seeing Kacchan's body pierced through by Shigaraki's quirk -
the immediate rush of overwhelming rage and agony -
Static fills his mind and numbs Izuku to everything around him again, the brightness and commotion giving him a headache while the bitter taste of acid floods his tongue. It doesn't take long for those sitting beside him to realize he stopped eating, appetite lost and his thoughts scattered away with it.
'My body moved on its own.'
Isn't that where this all started? When Izuku rushed in to save Kacchan from the Sludge Villain, helpless to do anything to stop it but pushed forward by instinct and a desperate desire to save him. When All Might saw him leap into action while others were stunned in place, unable or unwilling to do something themselves.
'That didn't have squat to do with special powers or anything.'
It's too much. Izuku's head hurts. To honor his friends' wishes, to meet their expectations for him, he begrudgingly returned to U.A. But the thought of losing them, the memory of them being hurt because of him -
( not the fear of it but the memory, because it already happened and All for One would love nothing more than to hurt them again for the sake of seeing Izuku suffer )
( 'Now it's your turn!' )
It's too much. He shouldn't be here. Oh, god. What is he doing? How can he be eating and laughing with everyone right now? When their lives are in danger along with the lives of everyone else on campus, let alone those out there facing the chaotic turmoil of the world -
Why is Izuku here? He shouldn't be. He should -
"Midoriya," someone says, and Izuku has to blink away the haze to realize it was Ashido calling him from a few seats down. Her large black eyes seem full of sadness and concern even though she smiles as she offers, "Mr. Aizawa wanted to talk to you, if you wanna go call him?"
Izuku exhales hotly. It's an excuse to leave the table and he appreciates it. Swallowing down bile, he gives a shaky smile back, "Y-yeah, I'll do that. Thanks."
Before he can stand, his gaze falls to the half-eaten plate of food in front of him. It seems like such a waste to leave good food behind like this, especially when Izuku went a long time without a freshly cooked meal. But the thought of eating anything else makes him feel sick somehow, like the anxiety of forcing himself to stay here when all logic says to leave is twisting his stomach into knots.
"You can leave your dishes," Asui says gently, with Koda nodding encouragingly beside her. "We'll clean everything up, no problem."
He wants to argue. They're already doing so much to take care of him, this just feels lazy and ungrateful. But they all look so eager and sincere that Izuku wants to cry, and he'd rather keep the number of times that happens in front of the whole class to a minimum.
So he swallows thickly, lowering his head as he nods, "Mm. Thank you, everyone…"
When he stands and walks away, he can't see the eyes that follow him but he can feel them on the back of his head. He doesn't want to know what kind of expressions they're making, or what they think of their classmate that spent weeks living on the run and came back different. That can't even make it through a meal without getting squirrely and distant.
( By not looking back, he manages to miss the way Kirishima puts a hand on Kacchan's shoulder when he turns away sharply the moment Izuku is out of sight. )
What is he supposed to do? He still doesn't know. If leaving isn't an option but staying hurts this much…
Todoroki comes to his room that night with only a pillow underarm, holding onto it as he steps inside and looks around - at Izuku's All Might merchandise, he realizes - with a faint smile on his lips. And then he stops in the center of the room, fixing Izuku with a curious gaze while they both stand there awkwardly.
Maybe he doesn't really know what to do next?
"Um," Izuku mumbles, suddenly feeling nervous. He gestures vaguely toward his bed, "Do you wanna sit down?"
His friend glances at the bed before nodding and intoning a simple, "Okay."
And then he sits, leaving enough room for Izuku to sit beside him but keeping the pillow in his lap. His intense eyes blink at Izuku patiently and he seems so innocent there, unsure but eager all the same.
Wow, this is awkward!
Izuku exhales a soft laugh before finally crossing the room to sit beside Todoroki, who is strangely silent for another long moment before asking, "So what happens now?"
Eh?! Izuku's cheeks turn red as he stutters, "W-what do you mean?"
He honestly doesn't know what to expect ( he can't really mean that… ) but Todoroki tilts his head and says, "Everyone else got to spend time with you and they seem happier now. I don't know what you did together but I wanna do it too."
It's… still so embarrassingly suggestive, but Izuku thinks he understands. He sighs gently and tries to smile, a weak expression of amusement and humility.
"I guess they've just been… telling me how they feel?"
About Izuku himself, but it's way too humiliating to say that out loud. Everyone has said so much that it's already overwhelming to process, and he doesn't want it to seem like he's fishing for more.
But Todoroki lifts his head as he thinks about that, then nods decisively and says, "In that case… yeah, I'd say I feel pretty pissed off."
Oh. Izuku holds onto his feeble smile, "Yeah, that's fair."
They've spent enough time together by now that Izuku can read the hurt and frustration in Todoroki's otherwise stoic expression. He can get as riled up as anyone else under the right circumstances, but more often than not, he presents a deceptive calm in his body language. It was no problem to yell at Izuku when they were mid-battle, as the endless rain only barely managed to drown out the thundering cries of his friends calling for him. But now…
Now, he's like a stone in a rippling pond, shaken even as he stands completely still at the center.
Todoroki pauses before saying, "I don't think there's anything I wouldn't tell you. Maybe that's just who I am as a person. I don't care what anyone knows about me, because I'm not ashamed of my past and I'm making my own future."
Ah, Izuku's heart melts to hear how certain and steady Todoroki's voice is as he declares this. His hands are clenched into loose fists on top of his pillow, but his eyes stay locked on Izuku with an unshakeable sincerity.
To own his past and all the gruesome experiences that come with it, to walk so confidently toward a future that he has the power to create -
accepting his left and right side, controlling both his fire and ice to become the greatest hero he can be without any shame or uncertainty -
When did Todoroki grow up so much? They're all different now, aren't they? And somehow still the same deep inside.
His friend's expression softens but he still looks so sad, "I'm not saying you should be the same way, and I know you kept One for All a secret for good reasons. But… I think you're probably my best friend, Midoriya, and reading your letter after you had already left made me feel like I don't know you at all."
The melting in his heart turns into burning acid as Izuku wilts. The look of betrayal in those familiar eyes that are always so startlingly honest, whether they're filled with happiness or fury or a deep sense of longing.
'You're probably my best friend,' and Izuku left without properly saying goodbye. He's been lying to all of his friends for over a year, hiding the truth of his power and covering up his past as the useless, quirkless Deku. With as close as they've all gotten after everything they've been through together -
He never told anyone who he really was. Only Kacchan knew about his past, and he confessed to his image of Izuku being tainted by his own insecurities. Thinking about it like that -
Does anyone actually know Izuku?
Does he?
'It's like you spend so much time watching everyone else that you can't see yourself anymore.'
Something Izuku didn't know was there bursts inside of him as tears pour down his cheeks without a change in his lost expression. He stares at his friend in confusion, rattled and floundering, at a total loss for words. How can he try to explain something he doesn't understand himself? He didn't even realize -
"I," he stutters unthinkingly, "I don't…"
What can he say to that? Izuku feels terrible, like he's hollowed out inside and didn't notice the emptiness until now. Even breathing feels like it might crack him into pieces as he starts crying in earnest, which only brings him closer to hyperventilating as panic overcomes him.
Who is he? Izuku Midoriya, the hero Deku, the haunting specter of Japan -
"Hey," Todoroki says suddenly, drawing Izuku's attention back by taking one of his hands. He looks down at them, his scarred skin and gnarled bones held gently in the palm of a friend that holds on tight with no intention of ever truly letting him go.
Whatever else he may be, Izuku has friends that love him and see the value in who he is as a person. Does he even deserve them?
He feels the burning instinct to apologize but before he can, Todoroki squeezes his hand and says, "You're my best friend and I want to get to know you better. You can tell me anything, and I will always be here for you."
Izuku sobs and rushes forward to wrap his arms around Todoroki's shoulders. There's nothing he can say; not right now, at least, not while he feels every part of him shattering into pieces.
The hope is that they'll come back together to form something stronger. And maybe they will one day, with the help of his friends that want to grow with him.
"Thank you," Izuku weeps against Todoroki, his voice a wretched sound through all the tears.
Strong arms wrap around him in return and Izuku can hear the smile in his voice when Todoroki eventually says, "I was right, this is pretty nice."
He can't help it. Izuku laughs, startled again by Todoroki's blunt, off the cuff statements. He doesn't have it in him to respond, but he doesn't have to when his friend continues, "It's a little awkward with the pillow, though."
Which only makes Izuku laugh harder. Feeling ridiculous and manic all over again, he finally releases Todoroki to wipe at his face as he cries and laughs at the same time. He offers, "You can sleep here if you want."
A subtle mischief glints in his eyes as Todoroki's expression barely changes but he cheekily replies, "Can I tell Bakugo in the morning?"
Izuku's laughter bubbles into childish giggling as he shoves Todoroki's shoulder and moves over so they can both climb into his bed, "You'll make him so mad."
Todoroki sets his pillow down beside Izuku's and smirks faintly as he lays on it, "I know."
How many people know Todoroki is secretly a troll? Not a lot, Izuku imagines. He's always felt blessed by their friendship; maybe it's time to finally start giving back as much as he has generously been given.
"Yeah, man, you have your own hashtag and everything!"
Izuku isn't sure what to say to that, but as they're laying side by side on the ground, he can't help following whatever Kaminari wants to show him. They haven't spent a lot of time alone like this and his friend made it clear that he'd like to change that. With their feet in the air behind them, head propped up in his hands, it's the first time Izuku has felt like a kid in a really long time.
"Really?" he asks for the sake of asking.
He hasn't had his own cell phone since leaving the hospital. Too easy to trace; too tempting to contact people his heart ached for when he was alone. Checking the news and social media was an ineffective way of finding people when Danger Sense was faster and picked up on pure malintent instead of whatever spin someone might put in their words. Izuku navigated around Japan through the guidance of the pros ( when he was in contact with them ) and a nonstop movement that brought him closer to the people that needed him at any given moment.
Nonstop. He wouldn't let himself stop. There was always someone somewhere. A villain escaped from Tartarus, civilians targeted by criminals, anti-hero vigilantes taking on more than they could handle or confused people attacking their own neighbors. So much fear and suffering everywhere he went that Izuku couldn't stop, he couldn't -
And now he's here. He's back at U.A., playing around on his friend's phone in the middle of the night and gossiping instead of rescuing people in need. He feels awful. Izuku wants to be enjoying his time with the people that begged for him to come home with them, so they could take care of each other and fight together against this endless horror.
But all Izuku feels is guilt and shame. He shouldn't be here. He's putting everyone at risk - and there are people out there that need a hero. Right now and always. There will always be someone that needs to be saved before it's too late.
Yet here he is, watching Kaminari's face instead of the screen held in front of it to see the liveliness in his expressions, the energy and genuine excitement that his classmate naturally exudes. Maybe it's part of his quirk, when his body is buzzing with electricity in the very literal sense, but it manifests as a bubbly friendliness that makes Kaminari an easy person to get along with.
Although digging into what people have been saying about Izuku online maybe isn't quite as fun as his friend thinks it is. He's humoring him for the sake of courtesy - and he is admittedly a little bit curious too.
Kaminari continues to supply information, clueless and eager, "The major media outlets that are still active are only really reporting on what the top three are doing to stop the increase in crime and capture the escaped prisoners. You did a pretty good job of staying under the radar with your Smoke Screen and the fact that you just move way too fast now, bro."
Izuku smiles weakly. It's… really really strange being able to talk to his classmates about One for All so openly. Kacchan explained everything he knew to them, which is pretty much everything Izuku knew before communicating with the vestiges on a regular basis. He's been sharing that new information as they strategize their next steps, but still…
After hiding the truth of his quirk for so long, it feels awkward talking about it like it's perfectly normal. Izuku isn't blind, he knows full well there are people that compare his ability to store multiple quirks to All for One. He was accused of working for him more than enough times to numb the haunting feeling of being associated with the greatest evil this world has ever known.
But his friends chatter about his power like anyone else in their class, asking questions about how it works, theorizing about different ways to use it and commenting on how cool it looks in real life compared to how Kacchan described it.
( If they're discomfited by how quickly Izuku has become so much stronger, they're doing a good job of hiding it. He knows it's still there, lurking in the back of everyone's minds, but they're at least being really nice about it. For now. )
"So there isn't a lot out there," Kaminari explains, "Most of what we could find is on social media from firsthand accounts of people that saw you in action. The Bird App has a bunch of posts and there's a few threads of people discussing wild theories on Saiddit. Here, check this out!"
Kaminari holds out his phone to show Izuku a Chirp with a blurry picture of him flying through the air with Black Whip. The caption says "he came out of literally nowhere to save us from those creeps! we didn't stick around to ask for his name tho 😓 sorry and thanks #GoodGuyBadBunny !!!"
Good guy, bad bunny, huh? Izuku's smile is weak and bitter. The worst part is probably that he has absolutely no clue what incident this might've been. There were so many that they all seem to bleed together, especially now with this tangible proof of how the community is too confused to trust him.
'No wonder people are scared!' Sero had said. It's almost funny. Izuku wanted to be a hero that could save people with a smile and now they're afraid of him. Kaminari babbles on about how "cool" it is that he's practically internet famous but all Izuku hears is a buzzing static in his mind until they both startle at his bedroom door opening suddenly.
"Oi," comes Kacchan's familiar deadpan as he walks in, towering above them when they're laying on the floor, "Get outta here, Pikachu."
"What?! But it's my turn to hang out with Deku!" Kaminari complains even though they both move into a sitting position.
Kacchan answers him with a fierce glare, "Do you wanna die today, shit for brains?"
"Wah, Kacchan! That's mean!" Kaminari whines in such a childish way that it makes Izuku laugh.
"It's okay, Kaminari. Come hang out with me and Sero tomorrow," he offers with a smile.
His friend considers it for a second before sighing, "Okay, fine…"
They stand so Kaminari can collect his stuff, but then there's a short pause before he flings himself at Izuku in a sudden hug. Squeezing him tightly, he says sincerely, "It's really good to see you, Midoriya."
Oh. Izuku's heart flutters and he hugs him back just as tightly, whispering, "Thanks, Kaminari. You too."
On his way out, he blows raspberries at Kacchan, who growls and feints at him, easily intimidating with his height and grumpy expression. Kaminari practically squeals as he scurries out of the room, leaving just Izuku and Kacchan standing there awkwardly.
It's the first time they've been alone in… man, who even knows how long? Before the raid, at least. Izuku's eyes are instinctively drawn to the bandages covering Kacchan's shoulder, no longer stained red but still necessary to keep the wound clean as it heals; a violent feeling of guilt floods into his stomach and heats his eyes. Izuku lowers his head and Kacchan sucks his teeth with an annoyed tch!
"You've been avoiding me," he accuses in a confident tone of displeasure.
"I haven't…" Izuku answers softly, and it's not a lie. He hasn't been intentionally avoiding Kacchan, but he also hasn't sought him out or made time for them to speak directly like this in all the bustling activity around him.
Kacchan doesn't respond to that, pausing briefly before saying, "Look, what I said back then -"
But Izuku interrupts him by rushing forward to hug him, arms wrapped around his sides so he can bury his face against Kacchan's shoulder as he cries. Izuku clings to the fabric of his shirt like a lifeline, trembling with the force of overwhelming emotion that leaves him sobbing pathetically. A few hesitant seconds pass before he feels Kacchan embrace him back, one hand at the center of his back to pull him closer while the other buries in green curls, cradling his head carefully.
Being held so gently only makes Izuku cry harder, weeping and wailing in the arms of the one person who could strike at the heart of him to bring Izuku back down from the ledge he climbed onto. It's almost ironic, given their past, but Kacchan already apologized for the hurtful words that drove a wedge between them for so long.
All Izuku ever wanted was to be at Kacchan's side and now, for the first time in their lives, Kacchan wants to stand beside him too.
It almost seems too good to be true - but when it comes with scars and sadness and a lifetime at odds with the one who knows them best, the one that was always closest despite seeming worlds away -
'I gotta speak my truth.'
Izuku cries helplessly, "I'm sorry. I'm so sorry, Kacchan, I'm so -" a hiccup as he chokes on his breath "- so sorry, Kacchan. I -"
"Shut up, idiot," his ( what? friend? classmate? rival? what even are they to each other at this point? ) cuts him off without any heat. Izuku feels Kacchan's fingers dig deeper into his hair, feels his arms tighten around him and the way Kacchan turns his head to tuck in even closer.
Closer than they've been to each other in ages. Maybe ever. Maybe now, with their walls lowered and nothing but time between them to grow -
Maybe now, they can actually be friends.
Maybe even -
"Kacchan," Izuku rasps.
Kacchan immediately retorts, "I said shut up."
And then he untangles them just enough to search Izuku's tear stained face, enough for Izuku to notice the redness in Kacchan's eyes too before he leans in to press their lips together in a sudden kiss. It steals his already strained breath away as Izuku gasps and melts, his body sagging in Kacchan's arms.
Before he can think the worst of it, Izuku surges up to kiss Kacchan back, holding even tighter onto his shirt as his legs grow weak. He's still crying and it's ridiculous, his first kiss being so messy and desperate and salty from the overwhelming flood of tears. But Izuku doesn't have it in him to be embarrassed right now because Kacchan is kissing him and in all the days and weeks and months and years of feeling so lost and alone -
Kacchan is here, holding him and kissing him, and Izuku feels found. By his friends, by Kacchan - by the people that care about him and want to be with him.
Whatever else he may be, Izuku is loved. It's so much more than he ever believed he would be lucky to have in this lifetime.
When they finally pull apart, Izuku still can't control his weak crying. His vision is blurred by tears but he can see the smirk on Kacchan's kissed-red lips and the weariness in his eyes when he pinches Izuku's cheek and says, "Look at this ugly face."
He can't help it. He laughs and cries and chokes out a miserable, "I missed you so much."
He was so scared. So terrified by the thought of losing him, of watching Kacchan's death right before his eyes and knowing with every ounce of certainty that it would be his fault. That fear won't leave him, the ghost of All for One's wicked grin and haunting laughter looming over them all as Izuku desperately tries to protect the people that he loves.
But they want to protect him too…
'Because saving people is how we win.'
Izuku breathes through sniffles as he faces Kacchan head on, leaning into the touch when he idly brushes the flood of tears away from his ruddy cheeks. A long moment passes between them, holding on tight as they contemplate the storm of thoughts and emotions for their past, present, and future.
Then Kacchan exhales hotly, "If you ever pull this shit again, I swear I'll fucking kill you."
It's an exaggerated threat as any other he makes - but his brows are furrowed, his tone atypically level, and Izuku imagines that as much as it hurt to see Kacchan be injured because of him, it probably hurt just as much for Izuku to leave without seeing him first. With the severity of Kacchan's injuries and how long Izuku was in a coma, the utter chaos of the time between then and now, it's hard to believe either of them has truly healed from it, physically or emotionally.
There are wounds left gaping, some newer than others, some over a decade old. There are some they gave to each other, some carved out by the world they grew up in. Some are real or imagined - but they're all out in the open now, bleeding and raw.
This is probably the most honest moment they've ever shared. The first time they've stood together without any of the illusions or misgivings taught by the value placed on a quirk. Something completely out of their control that decided the course of their relationship and their lives.
For the first time since they turned four, they're here together as just Izuku and Katsuki. Whatever else they may be -
Izuku blinks a fresh trail of tears out of his eyes and rasps, "Yeah." He raises a hand to cover Kacchan's where it's cupping his cheek, holding him close as he smiles shakily, "I'm here, Kacchan."
And he won't go anywhere without him again. If they're stronger together, if winning is how they save people, and saving people is how they win -
It makes the most sense for them to fight together. To surpass All Might, with their friends standing beside them - maybe this is how they become the greatest heroes in the world.
Kacchan shakes his head and finally smiles, "You fucking nerd."
He presses their lips together again and Izuku laughs into the kiss. Kacchan growls in response, cups the other side of Izuku's face to deepen the kiss, and then growls again. It's all so silly - everything, it's all ridiculous compared to where Izuku has been, everything that's behind them and everything they've still yet to face - that he feels like he's floating with only Kacchan's touch to keep him tethered to the ground.
When he pulls away, there's both amusement and irritation shining in his piercing red eyes as Kacchan stares him down, "Fuck, fine. I'll say it, you fucking dweeb. I'm here with you, Izuku."
It's not exactly what they yelled when they were children, running around pretending to be All Might with blankets for capes and stuffed animals for villains.
But they're older now and the threat is real, every day and at all times. Izuku's very existence puts everyone's lives at risk. At any moment, they could be attacked by any of the people under All for One's control; villains, former heroes, everyday criminals or average civilians. Danger follows him everywhere he goes -
Yet Kacchan is here, choosing to go with him. To walk beside him down this thorny path, knowing all too well that death lurks around every corner. How many times have they already toed that line? How many times were they together for it? Fighting for their lives against the unthinkable. For each other and countless others relying on them to find a way to win.
Damn. Uraraka was right. They're still learning how to become the best heroes they can be, and they're supposed to be doing it together.
Izuku's heart seizes to hear Kacchan call him by his name again, large hands framing his face to keep them close and focused on each other. His expression is so serious and Izuku realizes he loves him more than he can say.
So he doesn't try; he pushes up on his feet to pull him into another kiss. Kacchan meets him right away, licking his way into Izuku's mouth to steal his breath. Before he can completely lose his mind to the rush of it, though, Izuku places his hands on Kacchan's shoulders and pries him off just enough to get some space between them.
Breathing heavily, he tries to reign his voice in to speak firmly as he asks, "Will you sleep with me tonight, Kacchan?"
It's a poor way to word it but it's completely worth it when his ( partner? maybe?? ) turns red in the face and scowls suspiciously, "I swear if this is some kind of sick fucking joke with that Half and Half bastard -"
Izuku laughs lightly, "No, I'm serious! I want you to spend the night with me… please."
He doesn't frame it as a question and blinks rapidly before speaking in a softer tone, "I think we probably have a lot to talk about. And I don't -" he swallows, wills himself to keep his eyes dry, "- I don't want to waste any time."
If they don't know when the next fight will come to them and their time together is limited, he doesn't want to miss any other opportunities to get closer to Kacchan. So they can get to know each other - really know each other - and face what's ahead of them as equals. Not childhood friends or classmates or rivals.
Hopefully as something more…
Kacchan brushes his thumbs against both of Izuku's cheeks, wiping away the last of the moisture there, then drops his hands to take him by the waist.
"Okay," he agrees with a quirk of his brow, "but don't think I'll let you use this as an excuse to stay up too late. You need to sleep properly, you delinquent."
"Wha - hey!" Izuku scoffs, surprised and affronted.
"Hah? You gonna tell me I'm wrong?" Kacchan glares, daring him to argue otherwise.
When Izuku is the one that secretly slipped away after spending a week in the hospital, abandoning his classes and eventually disobeying the guidance of his mentors…
After a second of opening and closing his mouth aimlessly, Izuku lowers his head guiltily, "I can't…"
Kacchan tuts, "That's what I fuckin' though, asshole. C'mon."
He takes Izuku by the hand and leads him over to his own bed, waiting for him to climb in first ( probably so Kacchan can block his path to leave, Izuku thinks sheepishly ). They curl up facing each other across the pillows, legs tangled together loosely and one of Kacchan's arms slung low across Izuku's waist.
After a second to settle and breathe past the initial nerves of laying in the same bed since they were probably toddlers, Kacchan eventually sighs and says, "Alright, nerd. Where do you want to start?"
Which makes Izuku smile, sincere and warm in what feels like the first time in a long time. Everything is so complicated and he's terrified of the future. But through it all, Izuku's resolve hasn't wavered at all because he sees the light in Kacchan's crimson eyes and knows the fight is worth it. For each other and for everyone else -
He wants to protect it all.
This world is so precious, this fragile peace in a society that was held together by lies and fanfare, that rallied beneath the radiant smile of one man without examining the shadows left behind him. That is shaken now but will find its way forward to brighter days, by making sure that when the sun shines, it shines for everyone.
Izuku wants to save everyone. If he can reach someone in need, he wants to be able to smile and tell them that everything will be okay.
Only now - now Izuku knows he can't do it alone. And he doesn't have to. Maybe everyone has their own reasons, but there are people that would give everything they have to save a life just as much as he would.
Those people are heroes. Izuku's friends and mentors and the people around him that refuse to give up. He has so much left to learn from them and a long way to go.
So the first thing he does in facing this brand new world is reach forward to put his hand on Kacchan's cheek, feeling seen and loved and protected. Safe, even if only for now.
Izuku smiles and whispers, "Thank you for saving me, Katsuki."
“You could what?” Wen Qing knew her tone of voice was too direct, too harsh for the fragility of the hope that Jiang Cheng could still only barely hint at. But she was tired, exhausted really, and cold and hungry and worried and…
And they were still in the middle of a war. For all that he made it seem like even that was ending.
She knew better than to believe in the fantasy of a handsome hero rescuing her from her circumstances. If such things were real, then surely she would have been freed from Qishan years ago. Might have never ended up going there, in fact.
Still. He 
    was 
  handsome, even as he turned away from her and stuttered his way through words that probably made more sense in his head. And he 
    did 
  feel something for her, even if it was so terribly inappropriate for him to admit to it. For so many reasons. Because it was an admittance, wasn’t it?
A comb was so ridiculously sentimental and impractical a gift. At any time really, but particularly now.
Honestly, if he really wanted to help her, he was better off offering her money or rations or at least a cloak. Much more useful and thus with a higher chance of being accepted.
He whirled around, eyes wide.
Oh. Had she said that part out loud? How careless of her. But she was tired and hungry and worried and…and perhaps had gone mad from the months of relative isolation after all.
“I could give you those things,” he said, so earnest, too earnest, “I would give you those things.”
If she’d let him, was implied.
“No.” She still said, “I do not wish to be in your debt.”
His frown deepened even as he said, “No debt. Please.”
Please?
Something must have shown in her expression because he continued, even though his voice was barely audible. “Please let me help.”
It was tempting. So tempting. Too tempting.
“I cannot repay you.”
He gripped his weapons tightly. She was amazed Zidian did not glow. She was actually somewhat disappointed. It had such a reputation, after all, as well known as its wielder. Well, former wielder now. A woman who also likely did not believe in fantasies. It’s a pity she hasn’t gotten to see it in action.
Ah but she had another, far more selfish reason, to feel dissatisfied, didn’t she? It would have been nice to see proof that she had accomplished the impossible.
She kept her silence and wrenched her thoughts to more pressing matters. Surely his disciples will return soon? To make sure she hasn’t done something to their Sect Leader? Or…and she berated herself for not thinking of it sooner…they likely expected that he would kill her. He probably had already killed so many Wens. With powers she had ensured he could regain. There was an irony to that, an appropriateness she didn’t have the energies to think too much about.
“You’re going to disappear.” He noted.
Well of course she was. Just as soon as she found A-Ning and her family.
“You’re 
    leaving
  .” There was heartbreak in the word.
He had no right to sound so devastated.
But before she could summon the energy for irritation, he set his jaw in a stubborn manner more befitting for a leader than the boy he’d revealed he still was.
“Fine.”
Fine?
“Come with me,” he more or less demanded, “and I will give you money and rations and a cloak. I will let you disappear.”
Let her? How presumptuous of him to think she needed his permission.
“Please.” He repeated, and her irritation once again fled.
Something else fled too. Her pride, perhaps. Or her sanity. And yet, she felt almost relieved that he proved so persistent, after all.
“One condition.” She proposed.
He looked weary but indicated that she should name it.
“You take that back.”
She pointed, even though it was a superfluous gesture.
She glanced at the comb but briefly. Well. He had offered it with intent that she would use it to ask for his help. She wasn’t quite asking, but…its purpose had been served.
He stepped forward. She thought for a moment he’d reach for her instead, but berated herself for being delirious from her imprisonment when he just collected the bundle carefully and stood still after turning to face her again.
“Play the part of my prisoner for now?”
There were other ways to interpret those words. Far more indecent ones than what he probably meant.
She reached down for the chains that had been used to bind her and examined them carefully. They were quite ruined.
“Don’t suppose you have other chains on you.” She remarked, almost nonchalantly, “or a piece of rope?”
He shook his head and looked nervous again. “I…I have something that’s like a rope?”
Oh she must be delirious, to want to laugh at him.
She fixed her gaze on the purple jewel instead. Maybe she’ll get to see it in action after all.
She dropped the chains, ignoring the clunking noise they made, and reached up for her hair tie instead.
“Wen guniang, what are you doing?!” He sounded at once alarmed and breathless as her now unbound hair fell about her shoulders.
She mussed it a bit purposefully. “It can’t be an uncommon thing for soldiers to take advantage of certain prisoners.”
It was what the Wen guards would do, after all. What they likely would have done even to her had she been anyone other than who and what she was.
“Not…”
She looked at his flushed cheeks and averted eyes with something akin to amusement. “You need some reason not to have killed me outright.”
“You helped.” He said, voice soft again.
Ah. That was up for debate, wasn’t it? Given that Wei WuXian was missing.
“And you’re helping me. We’ll be even, won’t we?”
He turned back towards her sharply. She expected him to say something sharp too.
And was again disappointed when he didn’t.
“It’ll offer me protection,” she added, “from the others. I imagine no one would dare insight a diplomatic incident by stealing your prisoner from you, Sect Leader Jiang.”
He seemed rooted to his spot, though his lips had parted.
Not to say something, she realized, after a beat of silence, but in a silent gasp, or a drawn out sigh perhaps.
It should not have been as flattering as it was.
But then, to know that he did desire her, even when she was in soiled clothing and covered in bruises and dirt and other not so pleasant things, was…
She never claimed not to have an ego.
She walked closer to him instead, and offered her wrists. “Go on then.”
He smelled nice. It was an errant thought, passing as quickly as it formed.
His cheekbones were so sharp, she noticed, and his eyes so dark.
Naturally so? She wondered. It was hard to tell if the dilation of his pupils were from the gloom of their surroundings or from her nearness.
“Wen guniang…”
Definitely a sigh this time. An audible one.
“I’ll even bow my head in shame,” she reassured him, “I’ll act the part of a proper prisoner.” Rather than be…
Rather than be what?
He hadn’t actually said what he could do, had he? What he wanted her to be so that he could?
“Here, I’ll show you.”
She lowered her eyes, let her shoulders droop, adopting a look of defeat.
It was easier than it should be. But then, she was still cold and tired and hungry and…
It tickled. She watched, fascinated, as the purple whip wrapped itself around her wrists.
He made a sound she didn’t bother to decipher before turning on his heels and heading for the exit again.
She followed. He didn’t really give her a choice.
She stumbled, and would have fallen on the steps but for his hands on her arms to secure her.
“Wen guniang…”
His breathing was shallow too, she noted.
His hands were warm, she registered. In fact, there was warmth that radiated from his body, positioned so close to her own.
She still refused to look at him. Because if she did…
She was not in the correct state of mind for kindness. Or rather, she was not in the correct state of mind not to fall into his arms, purposefully, if she looked.
His grip tightened on her, as though he could hear her thoughts, before releasing her.
“Come.”
She almost giggled. He could not have known other ways such a command could have been taken. Or maybe he did?
Why did the thought suddenly incite a flash of anger?
It was still night, she registered. The air was not as stale as in the dungeon, but it still smelled…wrong.
Metallic.
It took longer than it should have for her to put a name to it. She really was no stranger to the smell of blood. Nor the sight, nor the feel of it, really.
“Sect Leader Jiang…”
She snuck a peak. Ah. Lan Wangji. He would be frowning, wouldn’t he? Promiscuity being forbidden and all.
But surely so was killing? Or did that just apply to while they were in Cloud Recesses?
She couldn’t quite remember the exact wording of that rule.
“She’s mine,” Jiang Cheng declared, voice harsh but with just the right amount of arrogance too, “I’ve decided to spare her life, for now.”
“I see.” Lan Wangji intoned, but then he must have turned away towards his own disciples.
She wondered how the Jiang disciples would react. But then decided she didn’t care. Why should she? She was leaving. She never had to see any of them ever again.
The thought buoyed her, such that she didn’t even complain when they pressed on into the night.
Tracking someone, she gathered. Someone responsible for all the blood that had been spilled.
Enemy of her enemy was her friend?
Even if she was a Wen too. But Wen Chao had always been a thorn in her side. The feeling, she knew, was quite mutual.
They dismissed the disciples. She wondered if they had the same suspicion she did.
He released Zidian, but trapped her inside a golden cage instead.
“Don’t go anywhere.” He warned her, needlessly.
She didn’t answer with words, just sank onto the ground and curled into a ball. The very picture of dejection and hopelessness.
She heard their boots step away. She sighed a little.
The ground wasn’t very comfortable, even though he had in fact given her a cloak. His own, actually.
Or she assumed. Since the material, while hardy, was surely too fine for a common soldier.
No. Disciple. No. Soldier. They were all soldiers now, weren’t they?
She startled awake at the sound of a scream.
Oh. Had she fallen asleep?
She rubbed her eyes.
Another scream came.
She waited for more. It was a lesson she had learned early, in Nightless City. That type of screaming was always repeated.
She listened but heard only silence.
And then…
Her own breath caught.
“Hello, Wen Qing.” Wei WuXian was twirling a dark object in his hand. A dizi she realized, when she looked. His voice was friendly even though something hard and…wrong, lived in his eyes now.
“Wei WuXian.” The name escaped her. She could hear her own relief.
The cage disappeared but she remained where she was.
“Qishan.” Jiang Cheng sounded gruff and…angry.
She turned towards him. He was jealous, she realized. Ah the irony.
“Wen Chao had him sent back to Qishan.” He clarified, needlessly really.
Of course he did.
“Then that’s where I need to go.” She climbed to her feet and put up her hair again. Lan Wangji wasn’t with them. There was no need for further pretend.
They both frowned at her.
She didn’t quite huff her disapproval. She didn’t believe in heroes. She didn’t need one, let alone two.
“You look tired,” Wei WuXian’s voice was kind. Still, even after what she did to him, for all that he had asked her to. “Come to Lotus Pier. Rest. Replenish your energies. Then go.”
She thought about protesting.
“You look like you could use the rest.” He noted before she could.
Tactless.
“You don’t look any better.” She retorted.
He smiled wanly at her, “so charming you are.”
She rolled her eyes, “I have no use for charm.”
“Hmm.” He didn’t say more, just twirled that instrument and looked at her with an expression she could not quite read.
She resisted the temptation to strike the instrument from his hand and reach for his wrist instead.
It would not be advisable. Not with Jiang Cheng all but glowering at their interplay.
But she really should assess Wei WuXian. She had a professional responsibility to, really. And…well, A-Ning would want her to.
She turned towards Jiang Cheng, “It seems I will remain your prisoner a while longer.”
For now.
His lips parted again. In surprise?
But still he didn’t say anything. Just turned on his heels and started walking in what she imagined to be the direction of Lotus Pier.
She had questions for Wei WuXian. But she didn’t think she should ask. Not within Jiang Cheng’s hearing anyways.
And, well, she 
    was 
  still tired. Less hungry now. Less cold too. But still worried.
“He’s dead.” Jiang Cheng’s voice floated back towards them.
“Wen Chao?” She felt obliged to ask, since he was making an effort.
“Yes. Wen Zhuliu too.”
Ah.
“Good.” She decided.
He paused a split second, barely noticeable really, but then continued on his way.
“It’s a pity,” Wei WuXian remarked, “that Jiang Cheng didn’t bring you too. I imagine you had your own score to settle.”
“I have no weapons at my disposal.” She pointed out, quite reasonably she thought.
“I doubt you’d let that stop you.”
“I’m a healer.” She reminded him. She didn’t kill.
“So you are.” His words were not without irony.
She wasn’t supposed to harm either, was she? And yet…
“Did he send you to Qishan too?” She asked.
“No.”
Said so curtly, but also harshly.
Something flashed in his eyes. Similar but also different from how Zidian reminded others of its danger.
“Burial Mounds.” Jiang Cheng intoned.
Ah. So he was still listening to them.
“Don’t be ridiculous,” Wei WuXian said, “
    no one
   survives the Burial Mounds.”
Wen Qing did not believe him.
She actually did grab his wrist this time.
He stiffened immediately and tried to wrench himself away.
But she had felt enough.
She frowned at him.
He shook his head silently at her.
Jiang Cheng was still facing away from them, blind to the entire exchange. Blind to other things too.
And would remain that way, given the promise she had made.
Even though she knew it was a horrid idea from the very beginning.
“Where did you even hear such a ridiculous thing, anyways?” Wei WuXian asked, derision in his voice.
“Qishan. Wen guards. When we reclaimed our swords. Lan Wangji heard it too.”
“Where is he?” Wen Qing asked.
“Oh who needs him. Jiang Cheng and I had it handled. Didn’t we, Jiang Cheng?”
And somehow, those words caused Jiang Cheng to lose some of his tenseness.
Ah. More jealousy.
They reached the river.
“It’s faster by boat.” Jiang Cheng explained.
She didn’t ask him if the boat even belonged to him. He was Sect Leader Jiang. They were in YunMeng. Surely no one would begrudge him its use.
The lone lantern flickered. The sound of the waves and the boat’s gentle rocking lulled her into an almost trance.
Or maybe it was Lotus Pier itself. Because there was a strange otherworldly beauty to it, as they glided amongst the lotus blossoms.
Wei WuXian reached out for a pod and handed her a seed. “Here, it’s best eaten fresh.”
Jiang Cheng didn’t say anything, focusing instead on rowing, but she felt his eyes on her. Well, his eyes hadn’t really left her. As though he cared about her reaction to her surroundings.
Ah. But he did, didn’t he?
She ate it. It was lovely.
Wei WuXian grinned, and he was once again the cheerfully obnoxious youth she remembered from Cloud Recesses, “good, right?”
He munched on a few himself, his expression growing calm as he tasted them.
“May I have another one?” She asked.
He happily provided it.
She turned and met Jiang Cheng’s eyes as she held it out to him.
He stared at it a moment and then met her gaze.
She scooted towards him carefully and pressed it against his lips.
He took it.
He didn’t chew it though, just held it in his mouth. Savoring it almost.
She returned to her seat. That had been much too forward of her.
“Ah, feed me too, Wen Qing?”
She shook her head, “
    your 
  hands are free.”
Wei WuXian pouted.
She looked away from both of them, into the expanse of flowers around them. The scent was subtle, but it just enhanced the dream-like quality of everything.
And perhaps it really was all a dream.
Were that it could all be but a dream.
She didn’t remember falling asleep. But she must have. Because she was waking now.
The room was filled with sunshine.
It was a cheerful room, a comfortable one. Jiang Yanli’s, she vaguely recalled Jiang Cheng saying.
None of the guest rooms were ready. The ones for the Jiang siblings had taken precedence for the rebuilding.
“A-jie wouldn’t mind.”
No. Jiang guniang wouldn’t.
She would mind what she’d done to Wei WuXian though. Even if it saved Jiang Cheng.
She shook her head.
She was leaving. She’d take the secret with her.
A knock came at the door.
She went to answer it.
The maid curtsied before going and setting some dishes on the table.
Wen Qing’s stomach grumbled traitorously at the delicious smells that wafted her way.
The maid looked up briefly from her task before ducking her head again.
“Thank you.” Wen Qing said politely.
“Sect Leader is mediating a quarrel among some of the workers,” the girl shared, almost shyly, “or else he would have brought these to guniang himself.”
Just what had he told his people about her?
“And Wei gongzi?”
The maid snuck a look at her again before answering. “He just woke not so long ago too. He’s been in the family shrine.”
“And where is that?”
“I can show guniang,” the maid offered, “once you have eaten.”
Wen Qing tried not to feel self conscious as she ate. It wasn’t the only reason she didn’t eat much though. It seemed her stomach had shrunk.
“I’m ready.”
The maid looked between the table and her with a slight frown.
“Are you Jiang guniang’s personal maid?” Wen Qing guessed.
The girl nodded.
Ah. Jiang guniang would show affection through food, wouldn’t she?
“I was…detained.” Wen Qing shared. “My appetite suffered. As loath as I am to waste this bounty…”
“Oh.” And now the girl looked sympathetic. “This way then, guniang.”
The girl bowed politely when they reached their destination. She departed, no doubt to clean up the leftovers.
Wen Qing pressed her hand against the doorway, but did not yet step over the threshold.
She wondered that lightning did not strike her where she stood for daring to be here at all.
She lifted her chin stubbornly. No. That was all Wen Chao’s doing. She was different. She was a Dafan Wen, not…
Even though it’d make little difference, would it? She was still a Wen.
She stepped into the chamber before she could regret it.
Wei WuXian was kneeling.
Quiet, in a way that was unnatural.
“He’s going to find out.”
He turned to face her.
She remained standing.
“Not from me. But he’s going to find out.”
He grimaced.
“You are not well.” She added.
“I’m fine.”
She shook her head. “You don’t need to pretend, not in front of me.”
He didn’t answer immediately, just tilted his head, “you look good in purple. Better in red. But still good in purple.”
She didn’t acknowledge his comment either. “What are you going to do?”
He sighed. “I don’t suppose you could take me with you, when you go?”
She shook her head again, “he might take it better than you expect. You’re brothers.”
“Brothers.” He murmured before turning to face the placards instead. “My parents don’t have one. Jiang shushu likely wanted to. But Madam Yu wouldn’t have liked it. It was enough that she let him keep me around at all.”
“She’s in your debt.”
“No.” He disagreed, “I’m merely repaying mine.”
“And Jiang Cheng?”
He turned towards her again, “you called him by his name.”
“I’ve done that before too.”
“Must you go?”
“It’s more troublesome if I stayed.”
“Trouble for whom?”
“Everyone.”
He looked at her solemnly before holding out a wrist to her. “What must I do so that he doesn’t find out?”
“Nothing,” she said, “as I told you before, such a thing cannot truly be hidden.”
His arm dropped to his side again. “I need a drink.”
“No.” She stated firmly. “Then he’d really find out.”
“I drank before.”
Yes. She knew. He had gotten in trouble for it before too. And she reminded him as much.
He made a face. “Spoilsport.”
“Would you like me to tell him?” She offered.
“He might have an easier time letting me go, if he knew.” She explained when he didn’t answer.
“Jiang Cheng truly cares about very few people in the world.” He observed.
“It is better for that list to include you and not me.”
“Better for whom?”
“I’m leaving.” She stated with all the conviction she could muster. “I should have left, after the procedure was completed. I want no part in whatever the world has to offer. I tire of it all.”
“So you 
    will 
  be Baoshan Sanren after all.” He noted.
It was ironic, wasn’t it?
“I don’t care for immortality either.”
“Where will you go?”
“I’m not about to tell you.”
“Jiang Cheng won’t ask.”
“You’re asking for him.”
He sighed again. “You’ll break his heart.”
“Is that better or worse than what I’ve done to you?”
“I asked you to. Begged you really.”
“Yes.”
It still didn’t make it right. Though was it altogether so wrong?
He stood at last. “Shall I give you a tour?”
“I’m leaving.” She reminded him.
“Indulge me.”
She did. She owed him, after all.
“It’s beautiful,” she told him later, as they stood in a pavilion overlooking the lake.
“Will you tell Jiang Cheng that?”
“He doesn’t need me to tell him that.”
“Tell him anyway?”
“If you promise me to tell Lan Wangji that you think he’s pretty.”
“What?!”
“Or will you break his heart?”
“What are you talking about?”
“You can’t truly be so obtuse.”
“I…” his mouth clamped shut.
“Yin and Yang must coexist, to keep each other in balance,” she reminded him, “too much of either one is detrimental.”
“I am not a woman.”
She rolled her eyes. “That’s not what I meant and you know it.”
He looked away, into the distance.
She did not press him more.
“I’m leaving.” She just said again, but softer this time.
“I know.”
They fell into silence for a long time.
Or at least, what seemed to be a long time.
“I have an idea.” He said suddenly, turning towards her with a twinkle in his eyes that she didn’t truly trust.
“An idea.” She repeated, flatly, doing her best to discourage him from even sharing it.
She was unsuccessful. Not that she was surprised. He was Wei WuXian after all.
“Become sworn siblings with me.”
“For what purpose?”
“Indulge me.” He said again.
She sighed.
He smiled, triumphantly.
“I haven’t said yes.”
“You haven’t said no either.” He turned and started walking.
Back to the ancestral shrine, she realized.
“Here?” She asked.
“Here.” He nodded with conviction.
“I owe them nothing.”
He just handed her the incense.
She lit them with the nearby candles. She could have used her spiritual power, meager though it was as it recovered from months of suppression, but it would have been wrong to do such a thing. Especially here.
Was it wrong of her to bow to the Jiang ancestors? Was it enough to make amends for what her relatives had done?
“What are you doing?”
They both straightened and looked at the speaker.
Jiang Cheng was looking between them, his expression a strange mixture of envy and anger and heartbreak.
“Congratulate us!” Wei WuXian said blithely.
Before Wen Qing could kick him, he continued, “we’re siblings now!”
Jiang Cheng stared.
“I refuse to call you didi.” Wen Qing told him.
“What about gege instead?”
She ignored the waggle of his eyebrows. Incorrigible. “I’m pretty sure I’m older than you are.”
“Ah Qing jie! Say it isn’t so!”
She rolled her eyes at him and placed the incense in the proper holder. “I regret it already.”
He smiled, but there was a sad tinge to it. “You’ll miss me, admit it.”
She did not dignify his comment with a response.
He placed his incense in the holder too. “Ah. I’ll just go then, shall I? I’ve got to tell the kitchen to prepare something special for supper in celebration.”
“Wei WuXian!”
But he was gone before she could think of a proper insult.
“His idea?”
She turned towards Jiang Cheng. “Yes.”
“Why did you agree?”
“I know what it’s like to be an orphan.” It was not quite a lie. Just…not the truth.
He turned towards the altar too. “So out of pity then?”
“No.” She answered. “Sympathy, perhaps.”
“You still intend to leave.”
“Yes.”
He lit his own incense and bowed towards his parents’ memorials.
“They were miserable.” He shared. “And in turn they made us all miserable. But they loved each other. They held hands, in the end.”
She wondered if he’d ever spoken such words to anyone else before. His sister included.
“Mother was always leaving. Father let her. Sometimes, I wonder if they’d just spoken clearly to one another…or, well, spoken at all to each other…”
His voice trailed off and he shook his head.
“I don’t want to be pitied. I don’t want your sympathy either.”
“I cannot stay.”
He looked at her then. “I know.”
She didn’t owe him any explanations.
“My brother, my family, they need me.” She still offered.
“I know.”
“Just as your brother, your people need you.”
“I…” he stopped talking.
“Wen Chao was cruel and vindictive,” she reminded him. Another not quite lie. “If Wei WuXian really fell into his clutches…you of all people would know what that would entail.”
He stared at her before admitting, “yes, I would know.”
She looked towards the doorway, “I’ve overstayed my welcome, I think. I have no wish to upset your parents or your ancestors.”
“Wen guniang.”
She looked down at his hand at her wrist.
His grip loosened but he did not let go. Not completely.
“Do not make this more difficult for yourself.” She advised him, voice kinder than she intended to be.
“Money. Rations. A cloak.” He said. “I still need to give you those things.”
“I’ll manage.”
“Please.”
What was it about the two of them that made her agree to things against her better judgement?
“Just those things.” She told him. “I’ll need my own clothing. I cannot keep this dress.”
He looked so sad, so dejected, even though his severe frown could be mistaken for anger.
“It’ll be easier for me to sneak back into Qishan dressed in my own clothing.”
“What if I had it burned?”
“Did you?”
He let go. “Red suits you better:”
“Tomorrow.” She compromised. “I’ll leave when you do.”
“How did you know…”
“There is still a war,” she reminded him. “This reprieve was always going to be brief.”
“Reprieve.” He murmured, as though to himself.
“Yes.”
“Walk with me?” He requested.
She shouldn’t. She should go find maps, plan the best, quickest way to Qishan. She should meditate, to hasten the recovery of her powers. She should…
She nodded.
He did not reach for her again, even though such a gesture might have been easily hidden in the billowing sleeves of this dress, such pretty but impractical things.
Unlike Wei WuXian, who had kept up a steady stream of chatter, Jiang Cheng was quiet.
He wandered, almost aimlessly.
Or perhaps not. Surely he knew Lotus Pier as well as he knew his own hand?
They ended up, ironically, in the same pavilion.
“A-jie’s favorite,” he shared, “and even in her absence, there is a sense of calm here.”
“I’m not about to call you didi either.” The words came out sharp, rather than teasing.
“I don’t expect you to.”
“What do you expect then?”
“Not this,” he admitted, “even if it’s just for one day.”
And not even a complete day at that, was it?
But maybe it was enough. For him to pretend that he had rescued her. For him to live the fantasy of her willingly standing at his side, wearing purple. Just for a short while.
“Misery may be a self imposed state.” She noted.
“Would you choose such a state?”
A good question. She had been miserable in Qishan, hadn’t she? Not that she had much choice about growing up in Nightless City.
“Why would anyone choose misery?”
“I might.” He answered.
“Foolish.”
“Yes.”
“You’re not supposed to agree.” His agreeableness was irksome.
“Even if it’s the truth?”
“Lotus Pier is beautiful.” She heard herself say. Out of pity?
He looked at her, that vulnerable look in his eyes.
No. Not out of pity.
Out of regret, perhaps.
“I’m sorry for what my people did to it.” To him. And to Wei WuXian too.
“We’ll recover.”
“Good.” She nodded for emphasis.
And watched as realization dawned on how she had chosen to interpret his comment.
He didn’t sigh, but it was likely a near thing.
“Would you like to see the flowers in daylight?” He asked.
“I can see them now.”
“Up close, I mean.”
She weighed her choices. The sensible thing would be to plan her next steps. Where she’d take her family once she found them. Because she will find them. There was no other option.
“Will it take long?”
“No,” he answered, slightly dejectedly.
“Alright then.”
He again rowed, quietly, but eyes watching her.
She did not fidget. Nor did she look at him. The point was to look at the flowers, anyway.
And they were pretty. Cheerful and tranquil and full of promise. Bright, now, in the light of daytime. How something so pure could grow from the muddy bottoms of this lake was…
Poetic. Wasn’t it?
Because there was something fragile but equally tenacious that still insisted on taking shape between them.
She heard the sound of wood scraping on wood. The boat floated, no longer moving. She continued to avoid his gaze.
“Here.”
She looked down at the small object being pressed into her hand. A lotus seed.
A seed. With such potential for growth.
She bit it extra vehemently with her teeth. Crushing it. Ruining it. Destroying it.
His hands were in his own lap, deceptively calm.  “Would you like me to call you Qing jie too?”
“No.” Her tone was again sharper than she intended.
“Very well. Wen guniang you shall remain, then.”
She wanted to tell him to speak plainly, rather than just hinting at, alluding to, this wispy thing that should not exist but did. She refrained. It would be no good. For either of them.
“I don’t want Wei WuXian to call me Qing jie either.”
“No?”
“No.”
“He trusts you.”
She almost laughed. If he only knew how much. “More fool he.”
“Will you ever come back?”
“Why would I?”
“You’re siblings now.”
“I should have left,” she shared with him too, “when you and he first departed Yiling.”
“I thought about asking you to come with us,” he confessed. “I didn’t. I…”
“You remembered I was a Wen.”
“Maybe.”
Maybe? But she did not ask for further explanation.
He picked up the oars again and started to row to shore.
“Have you got any maps?” She asked when the boat almost ran aground.
“Maps?”
“I need to plan.”
“I should.”
“Should?”
“I do.”
“May I look at them?”
She thought for a moment he’d say no. That he really would keep her prisoner. But it passed.
Just as this thing between them will pass. Should pass. Must pass.
He was called away for other duties, so she perused the maps on her own.
It was as it should be. It was how she wanted it to be.
It was…
She dreamed, that night, of floating among the flowers again. With him, of course. And they were each quiet. His head was lying in her lap though. Her fingers absentmindedly passing through his hair. It was down this time. Loosened from its ties. Freed from restrictions.
She woke up to a feeling of loss.
The feeling compounded when they parted ways.
It was just like back in Mount Dafan. She walking towards the darkness while they watched.
It was better that way. For everyone.
She found A-Ning. Not in a dungeon. House arrest. She didn’t think too much about the reason for Chief Cultivator's kindness. She drugged the guards.
As she watched A-Ning fall into an exhausted sleep, she felt a sense of triumph. She had kept her promise, after all.
They were no longer in Qishan.
Still in enemy territory though.
Qinghe. But it was where the majority of prisoners had been taken. She needed to find her family.
And she did.
She let herself get captured. The strikes of the whips were biting, the insults from the guards even more so, but she found them.
A-Ning caused a distraction and then…finally, they were all free.
“Where are we going, Gugu?” Little A-Yuan asked her, eyes so wide.
She wondered what types of nightmares he already had.
“Home.” She answered, as she lifted him into her arms and held him close, “we are going home.”
She had considered her options. Had looked at the vast unpopulated expanse of land that was Yiling, had remembered the remoteness of the location where she had performed a desperate procedure. No one had heard Wei WuXian scream. No one but her and A-Ning. Surely that would have been a safe place to hide?
But Yiling was so far away. And they’d literally have to start from scratch. She could do it. They could do it.
But home called to her. She did want to go home.
It was an isolated location too, hidden in the mountains. And tales of the man eating statue kept most civilians away.
And there was already shelter and supplies and tools and…
She did not wish to live in exile. Refused to allow the world to make her feel like a fugitive.
Besides, it was closer to their current location.
It was at once a practical and a sentimental choice.
They settled back in the village.
She settled back into being A-Qing and Qing-er. A niece, a grand-daughter, a cousin.
Even though she remained a sister and a leader too.
She set wards, just in case. Not lethal ones. Ones to redirect, to cause confusion for any cultivator who happened to get close. The worst ones only trapped and subdued, based on the person’s intent. She 
    was 
  still a healer. But she had also grown up in Nightless City. The Wens did not become powerful through might alone.
She still tried to return to her roots. Sought to return to a simpler time, a simpler version of herself. She rather thought she could. Here where the air was clear and the sky was vast and the trees were green. These mountains were different from the ones in Qishan. Those had trapped her; these sheltered her. They cradled their small village, shielded it, hid it.
It was hard work, of course, but meaningful. And slowly, as months passed without any disturbance from the outside world, the tension she always carried with her lessened.
It didn’t disappear. Not completely. Some things were too deeply ingrained. But she was, the first time in a long time, almost at peace.
She had cause to remember Wei WuXian’s words when, two years after her return, she took in her first foundling.
A Jin of all things.
No. Not thing.
A boy. Barely ten years old. Timid. Scared. Quiet.
A-Ning was of course better suited to care for him.
A-Ning was as wonderful an older brother as he’d always been a younger one.
“The poor child.” Popo murmured as she busied herself with preparing a light but nutritious meal for the waif.
“Which one?” Wen Qing asked.
The wrinkles on popo’s face deepened. “Both.”
Both indeed. The child’s mother had been a child herself when Jin GuangShan accosted her. Young enough to be flattered, naive enough to believe in love.
“She did the right thing, telling him to run,” popo decided.
Wen Qing did not comment, just placed the calming drought onto the tray too. There was always a ready supply of it, in their village. They all had bad memories that haunted them.
Popo sighed but then cleared her expression of all but kindness.
Wen Qing went into the garden. There was weeding to be done. And if she pulled just a little too vehemently, only she had to know.
She checked in on the wards regularly. Had found the boy collapsed near one of the anchoring stones. Utterly exhausted. She could not rouse him.
He was small for his age. Stunted, perhaps, from having learned to hide. He would not speak, when he eventually woke. Though A-Ning was able to coax a name from him.
And so Wen Qing left the safety of her haven for the first time. She hoped it’d be the last time too.
The Mos were the most prominent family in the region. The village was named after them, after all. Less a village and more a small town, really. Though nothing to Nightless City, of course. Nothing even to Lotus Pier, for all that it was only beginning to rebuild when she had been there.
Important enough to the locals though, such that all scandals related to that family were well known.
The second young lady of the household was born of a liaison fueled by wine and helplessness. Her mother, an unfortunate maid, passed in childbirth. The girl was pretty, by all accounts. A local beauty. 
    The 
  local beauty, really. Pretty enough even to draw the attention of a cultivator. No one sought to wonder why Jin GuangShan had been in these parts at all.
Wen Qing wondered if he somehow knew of the Yin Iron piece too. It did not bode well for the world if he did.
Not that the world mattered to her. So long as it forgot about her.
Second young lady Mo had brought shame upon her family. Even if the father of her child was a cultivator. Her older sister was already jealous. And her older brother…well, it was said that beautiful women were doomed to have unfortunate lives (红颜薄命: hóngyán bómìng). Jin GuangShan’s continued absence and subsequent death had broken her heart. It made her an easy target.
She threw herself into the well. Wen Qing wondered if her spirit remained behind to haunt it. The rumors certainly made it sound like she did.
Not that Wen Qing would go check. The Mos brought it on themselves.
At least the girl had the foresight to tell her son to run.
Mo XuanYu. Another little boy with nightmares.
A solemn little boy. Unlike A-Yuan. Who, though much younger, had an inherent joy and optimism within him that made him still a happy child. Or was it because A-Yuan was younger?
Five years old now. What did Wen Qing still recall from her distant youth? Aside from a vague sense of safety and warmth and comfort and…yes, love too. Things she hoped A-Yuan experienced enough of now such that they can help erase the scars of fear and pain.
Young Master Mo would remember though. Perhaps enough to want revenge. Even if he didn’t exactly understand. Wen Qing hoped he didn’t understand, hoped that he could be like A-Ning.
Though even A-Ning had been beaten, imprisoned, and threatened. They had told him he had to behave or else they’d hurt his sister. He’d made the medicines in her stead. They weren’t as good. But they helped calm Chief Cultivator’s tremors and so A-Ning was allowed to live. Such a similar bargain as the one Wen Qing herself had made.
It had made Wen Qing bitter and angry. Had made her heart turn to stone and made her turn to isolation for protection.
Not A-Ning though. His heart was still so kind, so open. He still yearned for friendships and…
Perhaps love too. Was that what Wei WuXian had been for A-Ning?
Wen Qing would never ask. She wondered if even A-Ning knew the answer.
What did either of them know of love?
A-Ning was gentle. A-Ning was kind. A-Ning had a natural sweetness that coaxed Mo XuanYu out of his shell. It took time, years, but by the time Wen Qing collected her second lost child, he was already a productive member of their community, a dependable caretaker for A-Yuan.
A-Yu and A-Yuan. Brothers in spirit. Such irony. But somehow appropriate too.
Wen Qing did not like leaving her haven, but the children delighted in new toys for the new year. New books too. A-Yu particularly. He was not so sullen anymore, but still given to more quiet pursuits. Seeing him read popo’s well cherished volumes of scripture had inspired Wen Qing.
May the child choose forgiveness. Or at least avoidance.
As Wen Qing herself had.
A-Qing was not like A-Yuan, nor A-Yu. A-Qing tried to steal from Wen Qing. A-Qing with her milky eyes that likely caused her abandonment in the first place. A-Qing who still saw the world more clearly than most.
A-Qing who had spirit, an inner fire that reminded Wen Qing so much of herself. Not that she told the girl. But Uncle Four commented on it to her and she could only admit to seeing the same.
A-Qing who would grow up to be a beauty too.
Hopefully she would not face the curse that came with such beauty.
The years passed. Wen Qing wondered if it was fate’s idea of a joke, to keep sending lost children her way. She was not Baoshan Sanren though. She taught them healing, yes, but not cultivation. Even though she did teach them ways to protect themselves with sticks and rocks and, yes, fists and fingers pressed into just the right pressure points.
The fear that they would be discovered always lingered, even though it had faded.
Still. They were happy, after a fashion.
She almost didn’t realize that almost two decades had passed. Not until A-Qing looked at her solemnly and requested to leave.
She wanted an adventure, she said. Wanted to see the world.
Wen Qing gave her a walking stick, specially whittled by A-Ning based on Wen Qing’s designs. It was full of hidden triggers. Anyone thinking to take advantage of A-Qing would be in for a rude surprise.
She sent A-Qing off into the world and wondered if it was how BaoShan Sanren felt, each time one of her children listened to the restlessness within them too.
She was not BaoShan Sanren though. Her children, because they were all her children, even though she had never wed, could come back.
And A-Qing did come back. But she brought the past back with her too.
“You’re right, Qing jiejie,” she said as she helped Wen Qing hang the laundry, “cultivators are all very silly.”
“I never said…”
A-Qing rolled her eyes, “you don’t need to.”
Wen Qing just shook out the next shirt.
“So ridiculous,” A-Qing continued, “putting on such airs even though they’re just as full of frailties as us common folk.”
“
    I’m 
  a cultivator,” Wen Qing reminded her. Even though it had been so long since she last held a sword.
“Different.” A-Qing insisted.
“Hmm.” Wen Qing made a noncommittal noise.
“But I did get to see such beautiful places.”
“Any favorites?”
“It’s hard to choose,” A-Qing admitted, “but...YunMeng, I think.”
YunMeng.
Even now, the words still made Wen Qing feel…
She cleared her throat, “oh?”
A-Qing nodded, “it’s so lively and vibrant and...free.”
“Free?”
“It’s hard to explain,” A-Qing shared, “but it’s as though the people there truly enjoy being alive.”
“Ah.”
“Have you ever been, Qing jiejie?”
Wen Qing thought about lying. She always tried her best not to lie to the children, though.
“Yes.”
“Really?”
“A long time ago. When it was still rebuilding. Just for a day.”
“Oh.”
“Is it still the Jiangs who rule over YunMeng?”
A-Qing nodded, “I didn’t meet him, though Jiang gongzi said I really should have, if only I could claim my reward for saving his life.”
“What?” Wen Qing paused in her task and stared at the girl. No. Not girl any longer. Young lady.
“An exaggeration,” A-Qing maintained, “he merely sustained a broken arm. I just happened to stumble upon him in the woods. He got it into his head that he needed to prove his worth as heir to Lotus Pier by conquering a monster all by himself.”
Heir. To Lotus Pier.
Well.
She should be glad. She really should be.
A-Qing continued, “fortunately his uncle arrived in time, else we would have both met not so pleasant ends. So really, it’s his uncle who saved his life. And mine too, probably.”
Uncle.
“I don’t suppose he wore a red ribbon in his hair.”
“He did, actually.” A-Qing tilted her head. Wen Qing knew that expression. A-Qing really was too clever for her own good.
“His surname is Wei too.”
It was the name Wen Qing had told her to use.
“What a coincidence.” She commented dryly.
“Is it?”
“He’s your uncle too,” Wen Qing shared as she reached for the next article of clothing.
“He is?!”
“My sworn brother.”
“Oh.”
“Did he not say?”
A-Qing shook her head, “he seemed much more focused on getting his nephew back home.”
As it should be perhaps.
Wen Qing handed A-Qing the next item of clothing, “have you had enough of the world?”
A-Qing looked thoughtful before shaking her head, “there’s still so much to explore, so much to see.”
“Be careful.”
“You’re not going to stop me?”
“Why would I stop you?” Wen Qing asked.
“Just...you seem to really dislike the world.”
”I saw too much of the world. I grew tired of it. It’s restful here.”
“Would you mind if I went to QiShan?”
Wen Qing shook her head, “QiShan has its own beauty. I was just never in a state to truly appreciate it.”
“Could I take Yuan gege?” A-Qing asked bravely.
Wen Qing paused. “Does he want to go?”
“I…think so?”
Wen Qing raised an eyebrow.
A-Qing cleared her throat and said, voice more confident now, “I know so.”
“Then go.” Wen Qing decided as she once more resumed her task.
“Really?”
Wen Qing avoided looking at her, “you should all get to form your own opinions. About the past, and the present. How else will you decide what you want for the future?”
A-Qing hugged her, unexpectedly. “Thank you, Qing jiejie.”
Wen Qing let out a breath. “This is your home, not your prison. I am your guardian, not your guard.”
A-Qing nodded before detaching herself. “I’ll bring a souvenir next time.”
Wen Qing should have told her that it wasn’t necessary. That she didn’t want to be reminded of the past, that she rather enjoyed her present and had chosen her future a long time ago. She nodded instead.
“Be safe. Keep each other safe.”
Wen Qing heard an interesting piece of news when she was in Mo village.
She stewed about what to do about it as she made her way back to the village.
“Qing jiejie.”
A-Yu was no longer a boy anymore. Hadn’t been for a while, actually. His peers of similar age had mostly married, many had children of their own. Their small community had expanded, had closer ties to the neighboring farming communities as a result. But not A-Yu. Wen Qing rather suspected that A-Yu would not look for a wife anyways.
She cleared her throat, “your grandfather is looking for you.”
A-Yu looked up from his book, “Qing jiejie?”
“Your aunt and uncle both died. Haunted and tormented by your mother’s spirit, they say. You have one cousin by your aunt, but your grandfather wants a Mo to inherit. He is…not well.”
A-Yu frowned, “I’m not a Mo either.”
No, she supposed not.
“I’m a Wei.” A-Yu clarified, “same as everyone else.”
Wen Qing let out a breath. It was the name they had decided to take, wasn’t it? The better to hide? Not that anyone had come looking. Not that their neighbors in these mountains cared too much. They very much wanted to be left alone too.
“Still. If you wished to make a claim. The estate has fallen into disrepair, but it is still a sizable property.”
A-Yu looked at his hands, “I’ll think about it?”
Wen Qing nodded. She did want the children to make their own decisions. Perhaps because she had never had a choice until it was almost too late.
Though perhaps it had still been too late after all. She was hiding still, after all.
A-Ning found her in the ancestral burial grounds later that night.
“Jiejie?”
She didn’t say anything, just leaned her head on his shoulder when he knelt next to her after placing the incense for their parents in the proper holder.
“A-Yu would like to travel to the capital, for the national exam.” A-Ning shared.
“Does he?”
“He could do well. He’s always been so studious.”
“I’m not sure he’d be suited for politics.”
“He knows he’s not. He wants to try and see if he’d gain a good ranking and then come back and start a school. He rather thought he’d attract more students with legitimate credentials.”
“A school?”
A-Ning shifted, causing her to lift her head and look at him.
“An orphanage too. He’d need to inspect Mo manor first, of course, to see if it’d even be suitable.”
Wen Qing closed her eyes.
A-Ning hugged her. “We are not losing them, jiejie. They’re just…finding their own place in the world.”
“And what about you, A-Ning?” She asked softly.
He parted from her, “me, jiejie?”
“I’ve never asked you, have I?”
He smiled a little as he shook his head, “I’ve always been your shadow, jiejie. I don’t mind. It’s safe here, with you. Peaceful.”
She took a deep breath. “He looks like him.”
“Who, jiejie?”
“A-Yu. And Wei WuXian.”
A-Ning parted from her, eyes so wide.
“He idolizes you.” She continued, “such devotion is…”
“Jiejie.” A-Ning’s voice was quiet.
“Your support would mean much to him.” She continued.
A-Ning bent his head, as though in thought.
No. Not as though. A-Ning always took the time to think about what he wanted to say. Words did not come easily for him, not when it came to such private things.
She waited.
“He is not like Wei gongzi,” A-Ning shared, “Wei gongzi was like sunshine. Bright, dazzling. A-Yu is like the moon. Steady, calm.”
“And you are like a star,” Wen Qing said. She wasn’t given to romantics or fancifulness, but it seemed appropriate. “My guiding star. His too, I reckon.”
“Jiejie…”
“He’ll need someone he can trust by his side, to accomplish his goals. He trusts you.”
“This is my home.”
“And always will be,” she stated with conviction, “but you deserve to be more than my shadow, A-Ning.”
He let out a breath. “I’ll…think about it.”
She wasn’t given to physical affection either, but she still hugged him, “please do, A-Ning.”
It didn’t surprise her when A-Ning went with A-Yu to meet with old Master Mo.
She also wasn’t surprised that A-Yu’s cousin challenged the claim.
She interfered. Was it an interference though?
As she had told A-Qing, she was still a cultivator.
Second Young Lady Mo’s spirit had indeed lingered. She recognized her son. It was a teary reunion for them both before she faded away.
Wen Qing stood in the courtyard, letting the last of her spiritual power dissipate from the array she had drawn. She had almost forgotten what it was like, to exert herself in this way. It was…exhilarating.
She refused payment. She expected she’ll soon be busy enough.
And word did spread, that a rogue cultivator lived in the surrounding mountains. Young Master Mo’s position was secured not the least because he called her Qing jiejie.
She still did not have a sword, but there was still plenty that she could accomplish without it.
It was rewarding. But then, appeasing spirits, letting them share their anguish, dispelling their sorrows…all that was a form of healing too, wasn’t it?
She wondered if the spirits knew her to be a kindred spirit too. Even the ones she had to vanquish and subdue more forcefully.
Would her spirit linger, in the end? Who would she choose to haunt? What regrets would still linger?
She suspected she knew the answer to the last question. Even if that regret was as wispy as it was wistful. Faded with time and distance but still yet to disappear.
She should be annoyed, irked. But it had been a part of her for so long now that she no longer minded its existence.
Not that it mattered, anymore. There being a Jiang gongzi in the world again.
He was Sect Leader Jiang now, wasn’t he? Had been, for a while actually. Had been, since the moment she made it possible. Because that was what she believed. His parents’ deaths and the destruction of his home marked the end of his childhood, but she was the one to enable him to 
    be 
  Sect Leader Jiang. Her and Wei WuXian.
Such tangled threads of fate that still bound them. Despite the time and the distance.
A-Yuan and A-Qing both returned. They had been gone for three years. A-Yu had submitted to the tutors his grandfather had hired and had, in fact, done quite well in the exams. His grandfather’s last words were ones of praise. A-Yu was Master Mo now. A-Yu was steadily transforming the old estate into what he envisioned it could be. With A-Ning’s help, of course.
Wen Qing wondered how long it would take before A-Ning asked her to accept disciples. She was no longer so adverse to the idea. Even if it should garner the attention of a world she had left.
A world her children would be joining.
“I did not accept him.” A-Qing said.
“Not yet.” Wen Qing remarked.
A-Qing shook her head, “it’ll be a scandal.”
“The Ouyang Sect is a minor one,” Wen Qing noted, “it won’t stir too much trouble.”
A-Qing tilted her head, “do I even want to accept?”
“That is a question only you can answer.”
A-Qing played with her teacup. “He is silly, as cultivators tend to be.”
“But…” Wen Qing prompted.
“But honest, forthright, daring. Well, when he’s not trying to impress me, of course.”
Wen Qing did not resist the urge to smile.
A-Qing’s cheeks warmed becomingly, “he wouldn’t keep me from traveling more, if that was to be my wish.”
“Would he go with you?”
“I…haven’t asked. But…I think so. His father is not young, but he seemed in good health. There is time.”
“Hmm.”
A-Qing sighed, “have you ever been in love, Qing jiejie?”
A good question.
“I could have been.” Wen Qing admitted after a moment of thought.
“What happened?”
“I left. I did not wish to be tied to the world.”
“And he?”
“Moved on,” Wen Qing answered. As he should have. As she had indicated for him to do.
A-Qing examined her before nodding resolutely. “Zizhen wants to meet you.”
Ah. So her decision had been made. Wen Qing was glad. She trusted A-Qing to make this decision. “Does he?”
“Yes.”
“I am still not very fond of leaving these mountains.”
“Yu-gege would be willing to host him, if I asked.”
So he would.
“Very well then,” Wen Qing said. “I will need to measure his worth.”
A-Qing smiled as she drank her tea, “I expect nothing else, Qing jiejie.”
Wen Qing no longer had her sword. But she was not unskilled. And she’s had time to practice, in recent years. Young Master Ouyang was not expecting the attack. But he quickly regained his footing and put up a good fight.
Wen Qing did not help him up from the ground.
He smiled a bit ruefully at her before bowing.
“If A-Qing agrees, I have no objections,” she told him, before he could actually speak.
His eyes widened almost comically.
She looked at A-Qing, who had been watching quietly from the side, “I trust A-Qing’s judgement.”
A-Qing smiled at her before coming to stand at her suitor’s side and grasping his hand in hers, “thank you, Qing jiejie.”
She looked at them both solemnly, “do not fail to actually talk to one another. Do not let silence ruin so promising a start.”
“I’ll treasure her, I promise.”
And yes, he did sound and look so very earnest.
“She won’t let you do anything less.” Wen Qing noted.
“I know.” The young master turned towards his chosen bride with a look of such pride and fondness that Wen Qing felt a lump rise in her throat.
She left them. Their paths were intertwined now. It was up to them to tread it.
She wandered to the banks of the lake that belonged to the Mo estate. A puddle really, compared to what she remembered of the Lotus Lake. Still, there were a few blossoms here too. She wondered if they also had seeds.
“Jiejie.”
She turned. “He is here then?”
A-Ning nodded.
“What do you think of him?”
“He reminds me of Wei gongzi.”
Wen Qing huffed.
A-Ning smiled, “but he is polite. As a Lan ought to be.”
“I’d like to know,” Wen Qing commented, “just who thought it would be a good idea to let Wei WuXian adopt a child.”
A-Ning’s grin broadened, “Wei gongzi always had such a big heart.”
Wen Qing did not disagree.
She squared her shoulders, “how many rules do you think it breaks? For the Lan Sect heir to pick a Wen?”
“Lans believe in fated ones.” A-Ning reminded her.
She snorted. Even though it was a comforting thought.
“We’re not losing them,” she recalled A-Ning’s words, “they are just finding their place in the world.”
“Perhaps,” A-Ning said thoughtfully, “it’s not so much the right place as the right person.”
She did not reply. What could she say, anyways?
She almost declined the invitation for the wedding. She accepted, because A-Qing was her child in all the ways that mattered. She also refused to be a coward.
She did not wear red. A-Qing had that honor.
So to Baling she would go. To Cloud Recesses, too, eventually. She supposed the Lan elders will take as long as they can to deliberate, out of hopes that Lan Jingyi might change his mind. Fools. He was Wei WuXian’s son.
Baling bordered YunMeng. It was obvious, in the terrain, in the food, in the way things revolved around water.
The Ouyangs were also allied with the Jiangs. She knew this. So she expected to see them.
“Qing jie!”
People stared when Wei WuXian draped himself over her. Even more than when young master Ouyang had bowed at her as he might a Sect Leader.
She rolled her eyes but did not push him off. She reached for his wrist instead. He, in turn, let her.
“Well?” His grin was again the cheeky one she remembered from Cloud Recesses.
“Interesting.”
He laughed, a bright and happy sound. “Isn’t it just?”
“How?”
He gestured at the weapon at his side. “Nie xiong is a genius too. He’d deny it, of course, but…resentment is resentment.”
She looked. A saber. Huh.
“We’re sworn brothers.”
“We?”
“Me, him, and Jiang Cheng.”
“I see.”
“It’s been good for inter-Sect relations. Especially given…well.” He looked suddenly uncertain.
“Do I need to know?” She asked.
He pondered for a moment and then shook his head, “likely not. You’ll be going back to your mountain after this, won’t you?”
She did not answer, not that question anyways. “I’m glad to see you being well as well.”
He smiled and finally stepped back from her, “Ah, we’re going to be in-law’s, Qing jie!”
“Hmm.”
“You doubt me?”
“No, I do not.”
“But you doubt Jingyi.”
“I do not. He’s your son.”
Wei WuXian’s expression softened, “Lan Zhan’s too. Master Lan calls him the most unLan of Lans, but it’s not true. Jingyi is so full of righteousness and…and goodness. Just like Lan Zhan.”
Oh Wei WuXian. Still so blind to his own goodness.
“Where is he?”
“Ah. Supporting our son, of course.”
Wen Qing decided she didn’t want the details.
“And your nephew?”
“Ah, yes. The young scamp. He wasn’t allowed to attend.”
“Oh?”
“His punishment, for taking unnecessary risks during the last night-hunt. I really don’t know where he gets such recklessness.”
Wen Qing snorted.
Wei WuXian grinned at her again, “Jiang Cheng stayed behind too. In case A-Yong finds a way to circumvent his minders anyways. He’s quite clever. Not sure where he gets that either.”
She did not smile, but she did let her lips twitch.
He gave her a look of triumph. “He grew up without a mother, you see. Well, Shijie does her best to make up for his loss. She feels responsible, I think, for his existence.”
Wen Qing could feel her expression retreat into stoniness. But Wei WuXian continued. Because that’s just who he was.
“He had an older brother. But he died. Though it was probably for the best. It took years before she recovered enough to conceive again. There were…complications. A-Yong dislikes being the youngest. He’s always trying to prove himself. Like father, like son.”
Wen Qing did not comment.
Wei WuXian peered at her carefully. “It’s his turn to attend Cloud Recesses this year. I wonder what kind of troubles he’ll stir up there.”
“He can’t possibly break your record.”
“Says the spy.”
She raised an eyebrow at him.
He shrugged, “I’m right, aren’t I?”
“I didn’t really bother to hide it,” she admitted.
“Not a very good spy then.”
She shrugged too, “but an honest one.”
He smiled, “Ah Qing jie. How glad I am to see you again.”
It was a beautiful ceremony. A fine feast. The company wasn’t even terrible.
She was still more than happy to return to her mountain.
Even though it likely wouldn’t be long until she had to depart again.
Cloud Recesses looked as ethereal as ever. She ascended the steps and wondered if she’d be stopped at the gates, like the last time she had been there, so long ago now.
Ah. But she was an invited guest this time, wasn’t she?
They let her pass.
The ceremony was lovely this time too, if more serious and less boisterous. But there was such pure joy shining from the two boys that she doubted it mattered. No. Not boys. Young men. Challenging tradition, seeking the intent behind the mountain of rules rather than following them blindly. Because even the timeless Lans were capable of change.
She wandered the paths in the twilight, ended at the clearing where once upon a time she had watched lanterns rise into the sky and made a wish for A-Ning’s health. All the while being aware that she was being watched.
Just as she was now.
Unlike last time, however, she turned.
It was unfair, really, for him to still be so handsome. Even though there was a steadiness to him now. A certainty, a surety; he bore the mantle of leadership rather well. She wondered if he bore the responsibilities of parenthood that well too.
“Sect Leader Jiang. Did you follow me?”
“And if I did?”
“I am not a spy this time. I mean no harm.”
“You never did.”
She glanced at the purple jewel he still wore on his finger.
It came closer.
No. He walked closer.
But he paused, within a rather respectable distance. “Even though you still wrought harm.”
She kept her eyes on the ring. On the eyes of the serpent. Waiting for them to glow.
“Quite clever of you, to let me think to blame Wen Chao instead.”
Ah. So he had found out after all. She had told Wei WuXian. Such a thing could not be hidden forever.
“My son was conceived the day I found out.”
Silence.
He must be expecting her to say something.
“Was he?” She obliged him.
“Her first child was not mine. She was never really mine either.”
She should stop him. It was none of her business. She kept her silence instead.
“I married her, because she was A-jie’s friend. Because she needed saving. Because…because she had fulfilled many of the items on my list.”
The serpent was remaining silent too.
“She came to me. That day. After I had confronted Wei WuXian. After he confirmed my suspicions. She wanted another child. She wanted to show her gratitude. In my moment of weakness, in the depth of my turmoil and feelings of betrayal and conflict, I agreed.”
She looked up at him at last. He met her gaze.
“She’s not buried in Lotus Pier, though there’s a tombstone for her there, for A-Yong’s sake. She’s buried near here, actually. With the man she loved though she shouldn’t have. Her brother, even if neither of them had known. ZeWuJun was kind to allow it. But then, he understood her, better than most.”
“Why are you telling me?”
“It was just the once. It meant nothing. To either of us, I think. Nothing beyond a desperate attempt to feel something other than grief and longing and…”
“Turmoil?”
“Yes.”
“She died.”
“Yes.”
“Your fault.”
“Yes.”
She shook her head, “she wanted another child.”
“I should not have agreed.”
“You needed an heir.”
“He is too much like me.”
“Like father, like son.”
He shook his head, “I wish for more happiness for him. I hope he does not have to know the bitterness of inadequacy or neglect or rejection.”
“I doubt Wei WuXian would allow such a thing to happen.”
“And me?” He asked.
“You…”
He was waiting for an answer, but she could not find the words to say.
She breached the distance between them instead, lifted her hand and gently touched the sharp contours of his cheek.
The jewel glowed then.
She withdrew her hand. “Was this where it began?”
His eyes glowed too, though that might just be the reflection of the last burst of sunlight before it succumbed to the night. “No.”
“No?”
“But I can show you where it began.” He meant it as a question.
She nodded.
He turned and led. She followed. Even though no physical tether bound her to him this time.
A classroom. Darkened now. Empty. She still recognized it.
“I see.” She said, voice quiet, not the least because of the lump that had formed in her throat.
“It began here.” He shared, needlessly.
He turned to face her, “it has not stopped.”
Such sentimental nonsense, really.
“Even though…”
“Even though.” He confirmed.
She breached the distance between them once more, “I have never been with a man.”
His pupils were dilated. It only added to the intensity of the way he was looking at her.
“Nor a woman,” she added as she reached for his hand and placed it at her own waist.
“Wen guniang…” his voice was raspy, almost choked, “promiscuity is forbidden.”
“But we are no longer students.”
“Wen Qing.”
She closed her eyes, the better to relish in the way her name sounded.
“Wen Qing.” He repeated, with more certainty this time.
“I am still going back to my mountain,” she shared, “and you still have responsibilities to you Sect, your son.”
He did not make any sounds of agreement. She did, however, feel his lips press against her forehead, her eyelids, her cheeks.
He paused though, “Wen Qing.”
Another question.
She smiled, eyes still closed, “Jiang Cheng.”
He did not question her anymore.
His lips were unexpectedly soft, even as the kisses became more insistent. Even as she let herself be swept along all the pent up passion he possessed. Not just passion, really. Frustration and longing and turmoil. Conflict. Each unpleasant thing shed, she hoped, with each article of clothing he pulled from her body. With each piece she in turn stripped from his body.
Her eyes were opened now, the better to look at him. Her hand rested over the faint scar that still lingered, “I have marked you, haven’t I?”
He shivered.
She pressed her lips to his. An invitation. A fulfillment of a longing she had denied herself, one that she had never truly successfully buried or destroyed.
He groaned and let his instincts take over.
It was very much inappropriate, what they were doing and where they were doing it. It was not very comfortable either. But it was meaningful, she felt, to return to where it had all begun, to reset and have a new beginning be made.
They eventually rested, each catching their breaths. And then she looked up at him. “Promiscuity is forbidden.”
He stared at her a moment before the faintest smile crossed his lips. “So is being out after curfew.”
“Is it after curfew?”
“I believe so.”
“Then we’d best not be caught, particularly in such a compromising situation, no?”
His arms tightened around her, “I may be forced to take responsibility.”
She shook her head, “I am going back to my mountain.”
“Will you let me take responsibility, nonetheless?”
“There are wards,” she warned him.
“Nonlethal ones.”
She raised an eyebrow at him.
“You never intended to harm.” He reminded her.
“I still did.” Her hand rested over his heart this time.
His hand pressed over hers. “I wish to die holding hands with you.”
“Is that the wish you made, back then?”
He shook his head, “I never got to make a wish. You were too distracting.”
She pressed a kiss to his chest. “Such pretty words.”
“Even though I was with her, it was still you I thought of.”
A confession.
“That hardly seems fair.”
He sighed a little, “I doubt she was thinking of me either.”
“You were married.”
“We were two strangers. Coexisting. Isolated in our separate grieves.”
“How sad.
“I still do not want your pity. Nor your sympathy.”
“Will you choose something other than misery, this time?” She asked.
“Depends.”
“Depends?”
“Yes.”
She extricated her hand. And then extricated herself from him. She reached for the discarded pieces of fabric and started to dress herself.
He did too.
When they were both more or less respectable again, she looked him in the eyes, “your bed or mine?”
His lips parted, in disbelief perhaps.
She reached for his hand, her finger pressed against the purple jewel, “I too would like to choose again.”
He lifted her hand to his lips. “Wen Qing.”
She squeezed his hand. “Tell me about your fantasies.”
“You must have had some,” she continued when he did not yet speak.
“More than some,” he admitted, a blush dusting his cheeks. And there, he was still the shy young master who had smiled at her uncertainly and, she suspected, unconsciously. It was…endearing, she decided. Even if it was incongruous with who he must have become in the aftermath of war and heartbreak.
“I do not love you,” she shared, bluntly, because he deserved to know, “but I could have. I’d like to.”
Let this seed that had lain dormant all these years sprout at last. She’ll nourish it, this time.
He tugged and she followed again. Not because his hold on her was firm, though not bruising, but because she wanted to, because she wanted to see what possibilities would actually solidify into reality.
He whispered dreams and wishes into her skin. But that was appropriate. She was the embodiment of so much of his wants and desires. There was a greediness to him, to his touch, to his determination to wreck her. That was appropriate too. She had laid him open, in more ways than one. Made him vulnerable in a way that he must have detested. Strange, that he did not detest her.
She fell asleep, even though everything had already seemed like a dream. Cloud Recesses tended to have that effect on people.
Not just Cloud Recesses, she knew, when her eyes opened and he was still there. Still holding her, even though his arm must surely have grown numb from the weight of her body.
“Will you introduce me to him?” She asked, almost regretful that she was breaking the soft silence.
“Him?”
“Your son.”
“Would you like me to?”

“Well,” she said, “he’s A-Yuan’s cousin now, is he not? And thus, also mine.”
“Cousin.” He murmured.
She shifted so as to look up at him, “nephew? I am also his aunt, through Wei WuXian.”
“He already has a gugu.”
“Who has been more like his mother.”
He did not deny her conjecture.
“Would he like siblings, you think?”
His lips parted.
She smirked, just a little, “it’s a distinct possibility, after last night.”
“You…”
“Me.”
He leaned down and pressed his lips against hers. “I already have an heir.”
“Hmm.” She hummed, “but I do not.”
“Oh?”
“Qishan Wen is gone. But Dafan Wen survives.”
“Dormant,” he suggested.
She shifted so as to straddle him, noting as something else woke from sleep. “Not anymore.”
His hands rose to cup her curves, “if that is your wish.”
Ah. It was heady, the knowledge that she still held this much power over him.
She bit her lip as she sank down onto him. “It might be.”
“Might?”
She rocked, “it is just beginning.”
His hands fell to her hips to brace her. “Don’t stop.”
She smiled at him, “I won’t if you won’t.”
They did eventually rise and make themselves presentable for the public.
“Ah,” she commented when he showed her a particular bundle of fabric, “you came prepared.”
“Will you?”
She pecked him on the cheek, “introduce me to your son.”
He wrapped his arms around her waist to bring her closer.
“Wen Qing.”
She leaned into him. “There will be gossip.”
“I don’t care.”
She sighed, the sound muffled by his shirt. “You must.”
He made a sound of disagreement.
“You are not yet free,” she told him, “there are still things that tether you to the world. But someday…”
“Someday?” He parted from her, the better to stare into her eyes.
“Someday.”
He sighed too before releasing her.
She reached for the purple fabric, “for now, I will be your woman. You did, after all, capture me during the course of the war.”
“I also let you go.”
“You couldn’t have stopped me from going, even had you tried.”
He did not disagree, just waited until she was all dressed before showing her something else.
Her eyebrows raised, “where did you…”
“Does it matter?”
She took her sword in hand, feeling its solidness, feeling the connection snap into place once more. She hadn’t realized how much she had missed it. “You did come prepared.”
“I still would not be able to stop you from leaving, even had I been of a mind to try.”
She could feel her expression softening at the hint of forlornness in his voice. “Don’t be so melodramatic.”
He reached for his own weapon. “We should speak of logistics.”
“Mo village,” she told him. “A-Ning will send for me, if you are brave enough to ask it of him.”
“Is it a test?”
“Maybe.”
He narrowed his eyes at her, “you’re teasing me.”
“And if I am?”
“There are few brave enough to tempt the temper of Sandu ShengShou.”
“Hmm. But I knew you when you were just Jiang Cheng.”
He shivered at the sound of his name.
The temptation to drag him back to bed was great. She resisted.
“And in front of me, you will always be just Jiang Cheng.”
“Just?”
Ah. Still uncertain, despite the mantle of leadership and command. But, she really preferred him this way.
“Not just.” She said regardless.
He let out a breath. “Gossip is forbidden.”
She turned away from him to hide her grin. She slid open the door instead. “Only in Cloud Recesses. Only for Lans.”
His hand found hers, in the billowing sleeves and folds of the dress. She let him hold it.
“Let’s give them a reason to regret that rule then.”
She squeezed his hand, “yes. Let’s.”
She did not become with child. Not yet anyways.
A-Qing did though.
“Your travels will be curtailed,” Wen Qing informed her.
A-Qing laid a hand on her abdomen, “I thought I’d mind more.”
“Oh?”
“I still like YunMeng best,” A-Qing shared, “but Baling has a charm all its own.”
“Baling or a certain Ouyang?” Wen Qing teased.
A-Qing laughed, a bright and happy sound. “And you, Qing jiejie? Will we become neighbors once more?”
“No.”
“No?”
“It is his home, not mine.”
“Must the two be distinct?”
“My people destroyed his home.” Wen Qing reminded her.
“He has waited for you all these years, nonetheless.”
“He has a son.”
“Who respects you.”
“Oh?”
“Like father, like son.”
Wen Qing did not quite roll her eyes, “and your little one?”
“Will be herself.”
“Her?”
“Father-in-law wishes for a boy, but I’d like a girl first.”
“First?”
“There is a dearth of sensible ladies in the world, don’t you think?”
“What does ZiZhen say?”
“He’s still in a state of shock.”
Wen Qing raised an eyebrow, “you’re due, any day now.”
“Silly.” A-Qing reminded her.
“Hmmm but you like that about him, don’t you?”
A-Qing smiled, as impish as ever. “He’s a cultivator, he can’t help it.”
“
    I’m 
  a cultivator.”
A-Qing shook her head. “You are yourself, Qing jiejie. Sect Leader Jiang is a smart man, to recognize that fact. Recognize and appreciate it.”
Wen Qing checked her pulse.
“Stable?”
“明知故问 (míng zhī gù wèn: to ask a question already knowing the answer).” Wen Qing scolded her.
“I still feel better, hearing it from you, Qing jiejie.”
“All is well.” Wen Qing confirmed.
A-Qing placed her hand over her rounded abdomen again, “thank you for staying with me this last week.”
“You’re family, A-Qing. Just because you’ve married does not make you any less a Wei.”
“A Wei or a Wen?” A-Qing asked, insightfully.
“Your father-in-law would prefer the former.”
“Cultivators are so silly,” A-Qing sniffed.
“Such things matter not just to cultivators.”
“I still hope for a girl.”
“Me too.” Wen Qing admitted.
A-Qing smiled, but then she gave a startled sound. “Oh!”
It was time.
A-Qing really knew her curses. Wen Qing was honestly quite impressed. It was most unladylike of her, perhaps, definitely unbecoming behavior in Young Madam Ouyang. But A-Qing was herself too.
“She’ll be a beauty.” Wen Qing told her, at last, when she laid the cleaned and wrapped babe in her mother’s arms.
A-Qing was crying. In exhaustion, in exhilaration. Out of relief, out of great love.
And Wen Qing felt a lump in her own throat too.
“I’d rather that she has spirit.” A-Qing still found the wherewithal to say, even as her eyes remained glued to the tiny form of her daughter.
Wen Qing agreed, but she was suddenly overwhelmed by a sense of longing.
She let the maids fuss, even though it was rather ridiculous. Cultivators were no strangers to blood and gore. But she understood the reasons too. ZiZhen in particular had a soft heart when it came to his wife. Her yells must have caused him much distress.
Wen Qing made sure she was decent too, before she went to fetch him.
He was pacing but then froze and looked at her with wide eyes.
“Go on,” she managed to say, “A-Qing has someone she’d like to introduce to you.”
He made a strangled noise before departing, forgetting in his rush even to bow.
“A girl.” She informed Sect Leader Ouyang. “Healthy. She has her father’s eyes.”
The older man could not hide his disappointment, nor his relief.
“A-Qing is happy,” Wen Qing stated, with just a hint of warning and displeasure, “Zizhen will be too. They’ll be happy, together.”
He frowned at her, but she cared naught a wit for his opinions.
“I will not intrude on your hospitality for long,” she told him, “but A-Qing is as dear to me as if she really were my own flesh and blood. I would do much to ensure that she remains happy.”
It was not a threat, though he may interpret it as one, coming as it did from her.
She turned to leave the room.
“My son,” he spoke, causing her to pause, “has always had his own opinions about things. He idolized Wei WuXian, in his youth. I tried to discourage it. It only made it worse. And then he met her. And he became even more outspoken, disrespectful, even in front of others. Unfilial, one might even say. He threatened to elope, to abandon his duties, his responsibilities and travel the world with her. He forced my hand. I have no other sons.”
She still did not face him.
“I resented her. She knew it. It never seemed to bother her. She must have learned such irreverence from you.”
Wen Qing didn’t know if he meant to be insulting or not. She didn’t think even he knew.
“It is for the best,” he told her, “that you seem so attached to your mountain.”
She turned to face him. “Should they ever feel a desire to join me there, I’d welcome them with open arms.”
He nodded solemnly. “Of that I have no doubt.”
She did not incline her head. She technically outranked him, and not just because of her relationship with Jiang Cheng.
She left him. She had medicines to brew.
She stopped by Lotus Pier. It was as vibrant as A-Qing said. As beautiful as she remembered.
The disciple at the gate was not one she recognized, but he let her pass on spying the bell hanging from her waist. Part of the gifts Jiang Cheng had brought to the Mo estate. Her brideprice. They had bowed to her ancestors, her parents, popo, and Uncle Four. All gone now, but not forgotten.
She had started wearing red again. To match the tassel of the bell. Well, not just that, really. Though she was wearing purple on this particular day.
She wandered, in search of a particular pavilion.
He found her there, gazing over the flowers.
“What’s wrong?”
She turned to face him, “wrong?”
“You’re here.”
“Do I not have a right to be here?”
He was frowning, she ached to smooth the furrow between his brows. She ached for other things too.
“Wen Qing.”
He was worried. Why?
“I wanted to see the flowers,” she shared.
It took him a moment. “Up close?”
She nodded, “yes.”
“Very well.”
The situations felt so very familiar. But she was looking back at him this time.
Eventually he gathered the oars again and let the boat drift.
“I had a dream,” she shared with him, “the last time I was here.”
“Did you?”
She leaned forward and removed the lotus guan from his hair. She sat back and patted her lap, “Will you rest your head?”
He moved carefully, so as not to capsize the boat, and did as she bid.
She ran her fingers through his hair, massaging his scalp at key pressure points.
He sighed, almost involuntarily, but it was a content sound.
“Do I love you,” she murmured, “or am I simply impressed by your devotion?”
“It doesn’t matter,” he answered, voice just as quiet. “So long as you continue to keep me.”
“Can the fearsome Sandu ShengShou be kept?”
“I don’t know,” he admitted, “I do know, though, that Jiang Cheng can. Not only that, but Jiang Cheng wants to be kept.”
“By a Wen.”
“By you.” He argued.
No. Not argued. Clarified.
“Let’s have a child.”
“Alright.”
So easily did he assent.
“But I’m keeping her.”
“I had assumed that would be the case.”
“I’ll keep you too,” she informed him.
His eyes opened and he gazed up at her, “yes?”
She leaned down and pressed a kiss to his forehead, “yes.”
His eyes closed and he sighed again, though his lips were curled upwards, just the slightest bit.
They drifted. And it was like her dream had been.
No. It was different too. No longer wistful. No longer associated with loss and regret.
“Yes.” She murmured again. An affirmation. A sign of permission. For him, yes, to continue thinking well of her and choosing her and putting himself at her mercy. But mostly for herself.
She still did not care much for the world. The feeling was likely quite mutual, for the most part. But she would take her indulgences without apology. Because she could. Because she should. Because it was the fantasy she had chosen to make into reality.
The wind was blowing against their faces, raw and cold, moving and waggling the hair of those two boys. A wintry night illuminated by the infinite amount of shining stars and by Bokuto's smile too. Cold hands searched for the other person's warmth, chasing after a homely shelter on a winter night. They were running against the breeze, holding their hands, the trees' leaves dancing at the wind's rhythm under the sky of a December night.
The evening before, Bokuto proposed that they could go out and watch a meteor shower, observe a full moon gleaming in the dead of night, shooting stars brighten a dark sky. Akaashi couldn't refuse that. Neither that brighter smile than a bunch of meteors and stars hanging in the sky, that smile that only Bokuto could have.
Now they were together, running to the place Koutarou said, where the view was way better than in the crowded and flashy streets of Tokyo. Tiny fireflies were fluttering around. Akaashi had a yellow scarf covering his neck and nose, smelled like lavender, hints of lilies brought by the fabric softener Bokuto always used.
Warm and soft hands, marked by countless hours of volleyball practise, Keiji kept hold of them and followed only him, inseparable running through the night.
Gleaming with his usual smile, Koutarou swore to him that meteor showers, rare as they happen, are worthy of witnessing. Akaashi let himself go, trusting in the reassuring hold of his companion.
Lying there under the glow of timeless stars, lightened by meteors that started to appear in the immensity of a dark night, Akaashi thought that nothing could actually compare to the brightness of whom he has right by his side. Shooting stars falling and disappearing into darkness, gravity itself designated their mere existence as far as a glimpse of light. Thousands of them, nature was at its splendour, Bokuto and Akaashi could only witness such beauty. "His eyes are gleaming too." Akaashi thought.
Their gazes met, loving and tender sparkles enlivening Keiji's own depth blue eyes. His eyes were like those December's nights, cold and dark, but when looking in the right direction or at the right person, fondness could be found. Like these December's nights when stars painted a gloomy sky and now everything shined.
"You know, Akaashi... I think that scarf really suits you." With a joyful tone followed by Koutarou's natural smile, he then continued, "But, stealing from me again?"
"What? What do you mean?" Akaashi's face broke in confusion, but before he could make something out of it, "Well, first my heart and then my clothes? What's next?" His silly, light-hearted grin appeared.
"What about a kiss?"
"You know you don't have to ask."
That night Bokuto made a simple declaration of love, one of many more. As if he'd painted every star in the cosmos' dark canvas, making it brighter and warmer, a place to be called home. Stars that would irradiate warmth, filling up a dull sky, shining only for them.
Carefree as he always had been, loving Akaashi became something effortless to him. It was natural as meteors falling down to earth, driven purely by force of gravity, and consuming themselves to ashes. Fleeting stars became ashes, and now two boys in a December night watched them fall. A declaration of love between a joke, one that Akaashi never forgot.

The kettle was boiling, and Akaashi heard his boyfriend in the kitchen making coffee for them, as the weather called for. Tokyo had always been a noisy, crowded place to live. Where stars are barely visible, and people are always busy. In such a restless city, Keiji appreciated brief moments of silence, bits of peace. Those he could spend reading, especially those he could share with Bokuto in their apartment, within the walls of their own home.
He now found himself in the last few pages of Hawksmoor, where time breaks forever, the main characters falling apart and irremediable melancholy and despair remain, the unique feeling of finishing a book. The story is now concluded, attaching words like strings building with them an end, connecting metaphors together the narrative decisively ceased, and Akaashi could only wonder what could happen afterwards.
With unanswered questions and concerns about the finished book, Keiji made a place for Koutarou on the couch, closed the book and opened his arms to his boyfriend.
Tokyo had always been their place, where they could feel comfortable and familiar with but, Keiji had always thought it was a despairing city filled with burdens, breathing people's distress and moving at the rhythm of their nonstopping pace. Tokyo never lets them see shining stars and shimmering nights because the skies are gloomy and weighed down by artificial lights. But sometimes, he had the chance to see them.
Keiji had the opportunity to appreciate them as they naturally are. He sees meteor showers in front of him, stars as Koutarou place them by himself and makes their home in the universe a starry night. Every time Keiji meets Koutarou's gaze, he saw the shinier stars amongst them all. Hues of yellow similar to the sun, sparkling and shining as he always has. Eyes like these sunny noons, where they found themselves in the warmth of each other's arms, where Koutarou was lying beside him on their couch.
Bokuto and Akaashi, as if it were a sentence of only one meaning, it has always been like that. May be love. If Keiji would've to choose colours for painting an empty canvas, illustrate it and depict what they've always had, he'd pick only yellow. Like in his partner's eyes, because his favourites days are in yellows. After all, it's the colour of the stars.
Looking at each other, Keiji thought that Koutarou would ask him about the book but, before forming a sentence, "Stealing from me again?" Akaashi was left confused.
"What? What do you mean, Kou?" With a playful smile, "First my heart, then my clothes. I won't forget that one, and you keep stealing from me! What's next? My last name?".
"Well, if you want to Koutarou," Keiji said with a smile, pure and honest equal to Bokuto's squinted and happy eyes, their smiles melted among their laughs.
Alongside Bokuto's flirting attempts, there was a shred of honesty since that question could become words of affirmation. They'll still have a future waiting for them, for both and together.
It was meant to be long before they'd even notice it, like watching meteors fall on a December night, driven by gravity, expecting them to disappear into the darkness and become ashes. Natural as that, their love was too written in the stars.
Years ago, under a starry night, Bokuto and Akaashi found somewhere to belong to, in the universe's vastness, surrounded by restless and crowded cities, they've built their own world. As if the meteor shower never stopped, stars appearing in the night sky and falling apart in an endless and infinite night as their love, that's where they have always belonged.
Their home under a chilly December night, even when they were just two high school sweethearts, now everything with time changed included themselves but, both of them appreciated the unique nature of such a place. Silent, as Keiji had always liked.
Silence is honest, honest in feelings, demonstrating the pure essence of things, their soul and unique being. Because that night, without a word as they weren't needed, they kept holding hands. Koutarou searched for Keiji's warm cheeks with his free hand and chased after every sweet peck and kiss.
Silences are also interrupted when needed, as teasing phrases like "What's next? My last name?" or when later proposed with a ring shining like stars and starry nights, like Bokuto's eyes and now the city' lights, "Will you marry me?".
There is a saying that says that every person in love is dumb.
When people are in love, they become so entranced with the other person that it doesn’t matter if the world is burning down, they will only have eyes for the other.
It was almost summer. Spring passed so quickly, between midterms and soccer practice, that now the team was resting for a couple of days before training again. Shindou said the orders, and the others complied. Tenma showed a frown but didn’t say anything. He knew they needed to rest, but he was going to be bored without training with the team for a few days.
So currently, he was in his room, laying on his bed and looking at the ceiling, while holding his soccer ball. His window was open, trying to make some fresh air enter the room before he had a heat stroke. His aunt went to buy some groceries, and before leaving asked him if he wanted some ice cream, as a reward for doing well in his exams. So he was alone and bored.
After being in his bed for what seemed like hours, he woke up and decided to at least go to his backyard, so he could lay in the shade (and if it wasn’t so hot, maybe he could do some training, too.)
While he was putting down a towel on the grass, a couple of steps made him look in their direction.
There was Tsurugi, going towards him, cool as ever. He was wearing a black tank top, sunglasses, and a little smile on his face.
‘’Tsurugi!’’ Tenma screamed, going to hug him. He collapsed against Tsurugi’s chest.
‘’Hi, Tenma.’’
Tenma looked at him from his chest, still hugging him.
‘’What are you doing here?’’
‘’I’ve brought you some ice cream.’’ Tsurugi said. ‘’I thought you might be bored.’’
Tenma separated then, to smile at him brightly.
‘’You are the best!’’
‘’What were you doing?’’ Tsurugi asked, looking at the towel on the grass.
‘’You can’t imagine how bored I am without soccer!’’ Tenma said, taking the ice cream from the bag. ‘’I was going to lay on the shade for a little because it’s too hot to play.’’ Tenma pouted.
Tsurugi nodded, understanding.
‘’Tsurugi, do you want to keep me company for a bit?’’
‘’Yeah, okay. But put first the ice cream on the freezer so it doesn’t melt.’’
Tenma ran, put away the ice cream, and came back to Tsurugi lying on the towel. He had removed his sunglasses, his eyes were closed and his face looked relaxed, for once. Tenma blushed. Although he had seen his best friend like this before, that didn’t end to amaze him, how pretty Tsurugi was. He usually also wore pretty makeup, although today he wasn’t wearing any, probably because of the heat. Then, Tsurugi opened his eyes.
‘’Aren’t you going to lay down?’’
‘’Yes, yes!’’ Tenma said, afraid that he had been caught staring. He laid down, leaving some separation between him and Tsurugi, who had closed his eyes again.
They stayed still in silence for a little bit, but being Tenma, he couldn’t stay still for a long time.
‘’Tsurugi, do you want to put on some music?’’
‘’...Okay, but I don’t know what to put on.’’
‘’Lend me your phone.’’
Tsurugi gave Tenma his phone, and Tenma started browsing through his songs.
‘Woah Tsurugi, I’ve never expected you to listen to Coldplay!’’
‘’Stop being so noisy, damn.’’ Tsurugi said but without a bite. He trusted Tenma, and he was pretty sure he wouldn’t judge him for his music taste.
‘’Oh, what does this mean?’’ Tenma said, putting on a song.
Cariño  started to play. And although Tenma didn’t understand Spanish, he guessed that it was a love song. He blushed.
Tsurugi snorted.
‘’What? Are you surprised?’’
Tenma looked up at him. Tsurugi had his head in his hand, his body in Tenma’s direction. He was smiling (and probably laughing at Tenma’s blush, internally).
They were closer than before, and Tenma still had Tsurugi’s phone in his hand.
‘’Do you know what this song says?’’ Tenma asked, bringing the phone closer to his chest.
‘’Yeah, kind of. I looked over some translations.’’
‘’And what does it say?’’
This time, it was Tsurugi who blushed. Damn, he didn’t expect Tenma to be that curious about a song. But he asked, so he can’t say no.
‘’It says something like  You’re a masterpiece, just by only looking at you, it’s something that gives me peace .’’
Tenma looked at Tsurugi, fascinated.
‘’It is a love song, isn’t it?’’ Tenma asked, blushing a little.
‘’...Yeah.’’
‘’How come you listen to this type of music? I thought you listened to punk or something.’’
Tsurugi looked at him, confused.
‘’I like softer songs, too.’’
‘’Oh .’’
They stared at each other for a little bit, before Tenma broke his gaze towards the taller boy.
He didn’t think that Tsurugi would listen to music that soft. He expected him to listen to more rough music, but he couldn’t say that he didn’t enjoy the song playing, though.
‘’Tell me what more does the song say.’’
So, Tsurugi told the whole song to Tenma in English, Tenma looking and listening to him in awe, blushing but doing nothing to hide it.
Tsurugi could tell that the atmosphere around them changed. Although the sun was still up, the light was slowly changing to an orange color. The cicadas were starting to make less noise, and a gentle breeze awoke around them as if it was trying to accompany their mood.
Tenma came closer, the song was playing on repeat now and both boys couldn’t stop staring at each other’s faces.
‘’Now that I look into your eyes, they are grey.’’ Tsurugi commented, casually putting his hands on Tenma’s cheeks.
‘’...Yeah.’’
‘’But it isn’t grey, it’s kind of blueish too.’’
‘’...Yeah. Whatever you say.’’

I can be your babe if you won't let go
If you talk to me, but you already know
I can be your babe if you won't let go

The song went on, again, but they weren’t paying attention to it. It was more of background noise because they were too busy staring at each other, in their world.
Tenma’s hands went to rest on top of Tsurugi’s, who was slowly caressing his cheek.
Tenma was smiling fondly, admiring how beautiful his best friend was.
Ah, Tsurugi is really pretty. He looks so good without make-up, his skin looks very soft.
The dusk came to them, bathing the boys in the warm sunlight. The moon was slowly making its way to the sky.
Tenma was the first to come to his senses. He approached Tsurugi and put his head on his chest, without asking. Tsurugi complied and didn’t say anything. Tenma’s weight on him was comforting and warm, and it didn’t overwhelm him even if it was hot. Tenma looked up from Tsurugi’s chest and smiled sweetly at him.
‘’I like this song, thank you for putting it on.’’
Tsurugi didn’t have the heart to remind him that it was himself who put the song on because he was looking at Tenma’s accentuated freckles, his eyes, and his mouth.
Tenma was again the first to break this, as he kissed Tsurugi.

I want to devour you so much
This time, kiss you
That’s if I could

They both fell into each other’s presence, grounding themselves with the weight of the other. The kiss was nothing but warm and soft, matching nicely to the dusk. Tenma kissed him wanting to tell him a lot of things with his kiss, and Tsurugi accepted everything because he trusted Tenma blindly.
Maybe this wasn’t how Tenma was planning the afternoon to go, but he didn’t have any complaints. Tsurugi was pretty, he was always supporting him and he was the best teammate he could ask for, in soccer and as a friend.
Tsurugi didn’t expect the afternoon to go like this either, but he also didn’t have any complaints.
When they separated, they stayed still, looking at each other closely. They both radiated warmth, their hands holding each other’s, a smile on their faces. Neither of them wanted to break the moment, the song still on repeat.
The night surprised the boys asleep in the backyard, hands loosely intertwined, their bodies together, faces relaxed. Aki found them like this, and she smiled for herself.
Young love  , she thought.  It reminds me of someone.
She left them there, enjoying each other’s presence.

When Tenma woke up after Aki called for them, he took a moment to look at Tsurugi, who was waking up, yawning a little. Tenma’s breath got caught in his chest. Tsurugi’s face looked relaxed, his eyes starting to open and he smiled as soon as he saw Tenma.
‘’Shall we go get dinner?’’ Tenma said, voice not much more than a whisper.
‘’Yeah.’’ Tsurugi said, his voice as low as him.
The boys end the night on Tenma’s porch, they were both too shy to say something, but their hands were itching to grab the other’s hand.
‘’Let’s have a date tomorrow, Tsurugi!’’ Tenma said, after a while without them talking.
‘’Okay, where do you want to go?’’
‘’Let’s go to this new amusement park! And then we’ll have some ice cream and we’ll take pretty pictures!’’
Tenma looked so excited and cute that Tsurugi couldn’t say no, so he agreed to everything.
In the end, Tsurugi gave Tsuurugi a kiss on Tenma’s cheek and the promise to have a date the next day.
When Tsurugi was going home, he couldn’t stop thinking about this afternoon. The feeling of peace and calm he felt with Tenma in his arms, even if it was hot.
He never had loved this much a summer afternoon like this one.
"Please," Blaise stared at Headmaster Dumbledore with wide, shocked eyes.  She shook her head in dismay and then stiffened her spine, hiding her shock and dismay with a Slytherin's carefully practiced hauteur.  "Sir, may I ask you to repeat that?"
"Miss Zabini, your father died during a Death Eater raid," Dumbledore explained gently, his pale eyes sad.  He gave her a brief smile before continuing, "Your mother has vanished.  The Ministry has decided it is in you and your younger sibling's best interest to place you with a wizarding family of impeccable reputation."
Glancing at her much younger half brother and sister, Blaise arched her eyebrow.  "Someone is not afraid to take us in?" she asked in surprise.  She had almost expected to be remanded to Azkaban due to her parents indiscretions.  "Who?"
"Arthur and Molly Weasley."
Closing her eyes, Blaise bowed her head as her brother and sister crowded close.  They were going to be given to Gryffindors.
It had been a long time since Tsunade got so drunk during the daytime, but she had warned the elders that she wasn't going to be available that day—that day was for visiting ghosts and getting drunk—but they insisted that the budget meeting was too important to postpone. If they had known how creative a drunken budget-conscious Hokage would be, they most certainly would have humored her and waited until later in the week—but alas. She sat through the meeting bitterly, then stormed up to her office and began proposing solutions. The Academy teachers could make clones of themselves to teach extra classes. They could charge a 10% mission fee for anything beyond 25 km of the village. Chuunin could be in charge of mending their own uniforms for any non-mission-related wear-and-tear from now on. She signed and stamped and sent them out with runners all over the village, and, being orders directly from the Hokage, they went into effect immediately and with very little question.
And so came to be The Calendar. A very creative, if unorthodox method of fundraising, the ANBU captains took it as seriously as they did every mission, even if they snickered at what a horny old cougar their Hokage was. Every member of ANBU over the age of 18 dutifully disrobed, slicked up, and posed for The Calendar. Red-faced calendar printers, whose usual fare was scenery and cute ninja animals made enough copies for every adult in Konoha to own one, and within a few weeks The Calendar was available for purchase in stores everywhere—all proceeds to be donated to ANBU for new gear, updated dormitories, and healthcare costs of course.

*

“What is this?” Tsunade blinked at Shizune, when, red-faced, her apprentice handed her a shiny printed bi-fold booklet slightly larger than a hardback book. The cover was black, with the words “ANBU's MOST WANTED” in red on the front. She opened it to the first page, turning it to see the photo clearly, and then slammed it closed.
“WHAT IS THIS?” Tsunade's face was bright red. Slowly, with a deep breath, she peeked at first photo of what she realized now was a calendar. The photo was...incredible. And totally inappropriate. It featured a man clad only in an ANBU mask and...a few strategically placed bandages low on his hips. His arms were over his head, showing off...well...everything. Bulging biceps, shining smooth pectorals, sculpted abs, that little jut of hip just above the groin...She cleared her throat and looked at the next photo, and the next, and the next. All were in a similar theme, but with different members of ANBU in various stages of undress. She paused for a long time on the August photo, which featured the entirely naked backside of an extremely attractive man with short, shaggy brown hair. His head was turned in profile and he was reaching as if to remove the mask, revealing a strong square jaw. But the most incredible thing about the photo was...that ass. Tsunade wished she were 40 years younger. She would sink her teeth into a firm round thing like that, and wrap her arms around those broad shoulders...she got ahold of herself suddenly, realizing that her flush had turned from embarrassment to something more.
“Who is this!?” Tsunade asked Shizune, who nearly passed out when Tsunade flipped the calendar around to show her the August photo. “And who authorized this!?”
“Y-you did, Tsunade-sama.” Shizune said, her face pale. “I don't know who the models are in particular, but they are all active-duty ANBU. Your order specifically said that they were to wear their masks in the photos.”
“My...orders?” Tsunade looked cluelessly at Shizune for a long moment, and then she groaned. “Oh god. The budget meeting. You didn't actually let met send out any of those insane ideas, did you!?”
“You insisted, Tsunade-sama!” Shizune said in a panic. “You had messengers deliver the orders personally!”
Tsunade groaned again, and flipped through the rest of the pictures. They were all...intense...but the August photo stuck in her mind as if it were printed on the back of her eyelids.
“Well I hope they raise a lot of money selling these,” she muttered. “And if you find out who Mr. August is, please let me know and have him report to me for...um...something as soon as possible.
“Yes, Hokage-sama!” Shizune moved to take the calendar back from Tsunade's desk, but the Hokage stopped her.
“I'll keep this copy, thank you!” Tsunade said hurriedly.
“Of course, Hokage-sama,” Shizune said primly. “Please hang it up somewhere we can all enjoy it.”

*

Tenzo was blissfully unaware of how many people had seen his naked derriere until he sat down beside Kakashi for lunch at the dumpling shop.
“Hello, Mr. August,” Kakashi said casually, smiling at his old friend with a face that, even under the mask, Tenzo could tell was just bursting with glee, like a kid who had found a hidden stash of candy.
“Who is Mr. August?” Tenzo asked, puzzled. He ordered some tea, ready to humor Kakashi and listen whatever strange tale he was about to tell.
“You are, of course. I would recognize your firm ass anywhere,” Kakashi said lightly.
“My what!?” Tenzo was glad that he hadn't taken a sip of tea, or he definitely would have spewed it all over Kakashi. Sure they had showered together in the locker rooms, and visited the onsen together, but Kakashi had never talked about his body like that before.
“In the calendar. You made the August slot, and...wow. I'm glad you haven't slacked on your training since I retired from ANBU.”
Understanding and relief dawned on Tenzo's face as a memory sparked in his mind. “The fundraiser calendar. So you've seen it? I did pose for that a few weeks ago. I hope it turned out alright.”
“Oh, it most definitely came out alright. Your photo was quite fine if you know what I mean.”
Tenzo blushed. “Oh, it was nothing. The photographer was very nice, actually, though I was sure I wouldn't be in the top 12 at all. I assumed my photo wouldn't make the cut.”
“So you haven't seen it?” Kakashi's voice went up expectantly. The server brought their tea, and Tenzo took a sip.
“No, not yet. I've been away on a mission for a week, just got back last night. Did it turn out good?”
Kakashi pulled something out of his pouch and handed it to Tenzo, watching carefully as his friend opened it up, cheerful and interested. When he saw the first photo, however, the blood drained from Tenzo's face. Then the second photo. Then the third. His panic rose with each subsequent page, until he finally made it to August. His very own naked backside greeted him in full color.
“These are...these are porn!” he hissed at Kakashi. He snapped it closed and shoved it back at his friend.
“Tenzo, what did you think posing naked meant? When the photographer told you to take off all your clothes, did you think that this calendar was going to be displayed at the Academy or something?”
“I thought—I mean—it was an order from the Hokage! I thought it was for anatomy or something! This is...this is...that's my BUTT!”
The rest of the patrons of the dumpling shop paused and shot curious glances at Tenzo and Kakashi.
“It sure is,” Kakashi said. Tenzo was not charmed by his smile. He had posed for the photos for the fundraiser just like all the other 18 and up ANBU members. It wasn't that he was ashamed of his body—of course he wasn't—but posing for photos and then seeing them in a glossy calendar alongside so many other suggestive photos was...something else. And sure, a lot of his friends besides Kakashi had seen his naked ass before, but never in a pose that was so blatantly sexual.
“Excuse me,” A pretty young woman sidled up to where Kakashi and Tenzo were sitting. “Did he say...that you're Mr. August?” Her cheeks were flush pinked, and the way her eyes ran up and down Tenzo's form made him squirm. He opened his mouth, but he couldn't make any words come out.
“My friend Tenzo is indeed Mr. August,” Kakashi said smoothly, still smiling.
Tenzo jumped to his feet in a fluster, surprised by the attention and caught between his dignity and his friend's teasing. “Why would you tell her that!”
The woman's eyes grew wide when he stood, her gaze lingering on Tenzo's backside. “Ooh yes, it must be him.”

*

“Hello, I'd like to buy all the calendars,” Tenzo told the shopkeeper. He was sweating, and panicky, and he had enough in his savings to fund the entire ANBU for a year if he needed to. Anything to keep these calendars from circulating rampantly through the village.
“Of course...I have 'sea life' and 'cartoon sushi' and 'ninja cats.'” He held up the selection for Tenzo cheerfully.
“No, I need the...the fundraiser one.” His face reddened as if he'd been caught with a boner at a mission briefing. He really didn't want to have to say it... “The ANBU's Most Wanted.”
“Ah, sorry. We sold out already. In fact, I think all the shops are sold out. They went fast!” he chuckled. “Mostly the women bought them, of course, but there were a fair few curious men too. Who knew that our Konoha shinobi were all so attractive? There should be a Most Wanted Jounin edition too!”
“Sold out?” Tenzo echoed faintly. “But...”
“Maybe they'll sell more next year,” the shopkeeper said sympathetically. Tenzo turned to go, but the shopkeeper stopped him.
“Say...you're not one of those ANBU from the calendar, are you?”
Tenzo froze. “Why...do you ask?” he said, his voice shaky.
The shopkeeper put a hand on his chin. “I don't know, just something about you when you turned around...”

*

Tenzo's next stop was the ANBU headquarters, where, upon entering, he saw that The Calendar was displayed prominently right on the entrance, along with a banner that said “GOAL ACHIEVED!10,000 COPIES SOLD! THANK YOU!” Tenzo stopped and stared at it for a long moment, before Yugao and Kanoto appeared silently beside him. Yugao's face lit up when she saw him looking at the banner.
“Way to go Mr. August! Did you hear we met our fundraising goal?”
“I just...saw.” Tenzo said, still staring up at the banner. “I hadn't realized I was in it until...today.”
“Your photo was incredible! If you ever want to get together, just let me know.”Tenzo stared at her. “We go on missions together all the time,” he said bleakly.
Her smile widened. “I know. I just mean, if you ever want to pose for me, privately, I'd like that. And maybe I could pose for you.”
“I don't really have an interest in photography,” Tenzo said. “Sorry.”
“She's hitting on you, Mr. August,” Kanoto said gruffly.
“Oh. Sorry Yugao. I'm not used to...this sort of thing.”
She put her hand on his arm, still smiling that cheerful, alien smile. She had never smiled at him like that, but then, they usually only saw each other on missions, their faces both hidden by their masks.“Well if you ever decide to retire from ANBU you could definitely have a career as a model.” She winked and headed further into headquarters with Kanoto, who nodded. Tenzo repressed the urge to look through the calendar to see if Kanoto's photo was in there, and instead headed out. He wasn't sure he could face the rest of his squad today.

*

Tenzo hid himself away in his apartment, and was prepared to stay there for the rest of his life. He poured himself a beer; perhaps he could drink his way into figuring out how to deal with the fallout of The Calendar. But once he had the glass on the table in front of him, he found he didn't really want it.
A knock at the door interrupted his mental battle. If it was Yugao, he was going to jump out the window and live alone as a missing-nin for the rest of his life. But no, when he answered it, it was Kakashi.
“Are you here to laugh at me again?” Tenzo asked. He wasn't sure he could handle that either. He started to close the door, but Kakashi's hand, quick as a flash of chidori, stopped it.
“No one is laughing at you, Tenzo.”
“You were today!”
“Well...a little. But mostly I was laughing at your reaction. Anatomy? Really Tenzo? You're not some dumb 15 year old anymore.” There was more heat in Kakashi's voice than Tenzo was used to hearing, and something else he couldn't identify.
“Obviously, or they wouldn't have put my picture in there,” Tenzo said. He sounded petulant, like the dumb 15 year old that he had been when he and Kakashi were young. Back then, Kakashi had been the wise older boy, so sophisticated and mysterious and out of reach. Now they were men, an ANBU captain and a Jounin-sensei, and friends. But only one of them had a photo of his ass in thousands of calendars throughout the village.
“Fine, come in,” Tenzo relented. Kakashi nodded and followed Tenzo into the small apartment, his hands in his pockets. They settled at the low table, where Tenzo's half-finished beer was getting warm. Kakashi spread his long legs out from the cushion and looked seriously at his friend.
“I know you're embarrassed, and I knew you would be when you saw the calendar, and I'm sorry for making fun. ButI came here to tell you that there's nothing to be embarrassed about.”
“How can you say that?” Tenzo clutched his head. “Everyone in the village has seen my sexy butt!”
“Tenzo,” Kakashi's voice was firm and warm, and his single visible eye was focused and intense. “You're sexy. There is nothing wrong with other people finally acknowledging that. Plus, if you consider it a part of a mission, then it was a success. I heard that ANBU has enough money now for all the things that were needed. That's partly thanks to you.”
“I do have an almost flawless ANBU record,” Tenzo said. He crossed his arms and sighed. Could he sacrifice his dignity, his modesty, and privacy for the sake of a mission? Yes, Tenzo found that he could. He had certainly sacrificed other parts of his life and body in the past. In the scheme of things, it wasn't the worst he'd been through.
“A flawless record and a fantastic ass,” Kakashi said. “What more could anyone want?”
Tenzo chuckled. “I'm sure if you were still in ANBU everyone would be talking about your ass, sempai.” His face heated up at that thought. What would Kakashi's photo have looked like? Incredible, probably.
“Nah, mine's too pale,” Kakashi said. “And I have too many scars.”
“No way!” Tenzo was scandalized, but at least he was laughing instead of wallowing. “You have a very fine backside, if I may say so.”
“I didn't know you cared,” Kakashi said.
“I...” Tenzo trailed off. He cared. Kakashi had to know he cared. “I care very much Kakashi.”
“About me or about my ass?”They both laughed at that, the tension broken. Kakashi got up to go, and Tenzo almost stopped him. He almost went to him and put an arm on his shoulder. He almost asked him to stay and have a drink. But he cared too much, so he didn't.

*
The attention mostly died down after a few weeks. Tenzo wished he were the sort of man who could flirt back when people recognized him, or have a quick comeback to the good-natured teasing of his fellow ANBU. It was all he had in him to politely decline the numerous propositions. “Thank you, but I'm seeing someone,” he told the tittering chuunin who complimented him at the laundromat.
Two back-to-back spying missions on the southern border with his team did wonders as well, until he nearly choked and gave their position away when he noticed The Calendar displayed on the wall of the mob boss' office as he and Kinoto rifled through the desk looking for the stolen artifact.
When he got back, he presented the recovered artifact to the Hokage, removing his mask and bowing low. She nodded attentively through his report while Shizune took notes.
“Very good, you're dismissed.” Tsunade said. But when he turned to go, Shizune gasped.
“August!” she said, her eyes flickering from Tenzo's body to his face, cheeks glowing.
At her desk, Tsunade stood up, more excited about this than the successfully completed mission. Tenzo felt like there was a target on his back and that any second he would be struck full of shuriken.
“Spin around!” The Hokage demanded. Tenzo did, cringing as the leader of his village murmured appreciatively. When Tenzo turned back to face her, she had her hands on her hips and she was smiling. “Very impressive. I want to award you a commendation for your work.”
“For recovering the artifact?” Tenzo asked, hopefully.
“No, for your fundraising success. Do you know how tight our budget has been lately in the village? I was at my wit's end trying to figure out how to pay all the new medical staff that I've been training. Our survival rate for the ANBU division is up significantly since I revamped the hospital, but the council has been bugging me about the money.”Tenzo's eyebrows rose. He had known that The Calendar was a fundraiser, but he hadn't known the specifics. Heck, he'd been treated by several of Tsunade-sama's new medical nin in the past two years since she'd taken over as Hokage. They did good, efficient work.
“Of course,” Tsunade continued with a sigh, “I was drunk off my ass when I came up with The Calendar initiative, but thankfully it worked out. Thanks in part to you, Tenzo. I'm offering bonuses and commendations to all of the ANBU whose photos were used.”
“I'm honored, Hokage-sama,” Tenzo said with a bow.
“Shizune will arrange your bonus pay. Dismissed.”Tenzo nodded, and then he and Shizune left to fill out the paperwork. Her face was still pink, even after he replaced his ANBU mask. “So, Tenzo-kun...are you free to get a drink later?” He gave her his usual excuse, and she very kindly didn't push it beyond that.

*

“So who are you seeing?” Kakashi was leaning against the doorway of the payroll office in Hokage Tower when Tenzo emerged. His friend looked as casual as ever, tall and cool and calm. He fell into step beside Tenzo as they emerged from the corridors of the tower to the busy bustle of the sunlit village. He was heading to pick up some lunch and then home to shower, regardless of what Kakashi decided to do.
“What do you mean?” Tenzo pretended that he didn't care that Kakashi had been spying on him.
“You told Shizune that you're seeing someone,” Kakashi said.
“Don't you have something else to do?” Kakashi was so nosy, and he had never cared about who Tenzo did or didn't see before. Tenzo braced himself for Kakashi to tease him, to encourage him to take up one of those offers because Kakashi knew, of course, that Tenzo wasn't seeing anyone. That he hadn't ever really seen anyone. Not since he was 19 and desperately trying to get the thought of his mysterious and reliable and beautiful sempai out of his head.
“No. I'm free all day and all night. I thought you might want to get a drink,” ” Kakashi said, instead of any of the things Tenzo had anticipated.Tenzo's heart felt as if it had jumped from the high branches of a tree without him. When he finally caught up with it, he didn't know what to say. All those propositions, all those offers of drinks and favors and more, and now Kakashi of all people...Tenzo's mind flashed back to the pep talk Kakashi had given him after The Calendar's debut. He'd told Tenzo he was sexy. Had he meant it personally?“Unless you're seeing someone,” Kakashi said, giving him a way out. The other man looked as casual as ever—that slouched posture, the hands in his pockets, his Sharingan eye and lower face obscured—but his visible eye shifted from Tenzo to the sky and back, dark and nervous. There was tension in his shoulders that only someone who knew him as well as Tenzo did would notice.
“You're the only person I want to see,” Tenzo said. He smiled when the tension released from Kakashi's shoulders. How much effort had it taken him to ask Tenzo out? They were almost in the doorway of the tower, on the very edge of stepping out into the busy, bustling village. Tenzo felt his breath catch, and he stepped closer to Kakashi. Closer than was normal for two friends discussing getting drinks. Closer than they had ever been except for sparring, or wrapping bandages. This close, Tenzo could see the lighter gray flecks in Kakashi's dark eye, hear his deep and steady breathing.
“I wish I'd asked you out before the stupid calendar,” Kakashi said. His voice dripped with regret, the same way it had when his mistakes had caused Tenzo to get injured on a mission. Then in a quick, deliberate motion, he pulled his mask down and kissed Tenzo, sharply, deeply, urgently.
Tenzo thought he might be dreaming, but the warm feel of Kakashi's body against him, and the wet thrusting of his friend's tongue into his mouth were better than any dream he'd ever had. He was instantly half-hard there at the entrance to the Hokage Tower.
“Oh!” Shizune cleared her throat from a few steps away.
Kakashi and Tenzo jumped apart, as surprised as two Genin caught cheating on an exam instead of two elite Hidden Leaf shinobi.“I see that you're...seeing someone,” the woman said awkwardly, but also with a sheen of relief. “I thought you were just politely brushing me off.”“Oh,” Tenzo laughed. “Yes, I mean, no...”
Shizune looked curiously from Kakashi to Tenzo. “You're a lucky man, Kakashi-san,” she said. Then she winked at Tenzo and pushed past them into the busy street.
“My apartment, 8 p.m.,” Kakashi said shortly, and then he was gone in a puff of smoke.

*

Every time Tenzo thought about that kiss, his heart pounded and his dick got hard, which made it very difficult to get some much-needed sleep after his mission and before his...date. But it just kept replaying in his mind over and over. He imagined Kakashi admiring the August Calendar photo and touching himself. He imagined that in a few hours he might be laying in Kakashi's bed instead. It was useless, so he eventually resorted to deep cleaning his apartment, scrubbing the floors and shower and kitchen sink until they were cleaner than they had been when he moved in.
He arrived on time—Tenzo was always on time—and Kakashi answered the door. He wasn't in uniform. Pale silvery hair hung into his eyes, and that long scar that dragged from above his brow, through his eye, and almost to his lip shone white and sharp on his already pale face. He wasn't wearing a mask.
Tenzo stepped into the apartment, not taking his eyes from Kakashi at all. As soon as they door closed, they were kissing again. Tenzo couldn't believe that it was finally happening, that his friend wasn't just on his couch or at his table, but in his arms.
“Do you want a drink?” Kakashi asked, breathless, his arms wrapped around Tenzo's shoulders, his face buried in the other man's neck.
“No, I just want you,” Tenzo said.
Kakashi's hands migrated down Tenzo's back until they were squeezing Tenzo's firm, toned, famous ass.
"And I just want to touch your butt," Kakashi murmured.
They laughed all the way to the bed.

*

THE END



Quackity liked to think he was a strong willed man. He didn’t crack easily under pressure, he could adapt to any situation with ease, and he never backed down from a fight. He could roll with the best of them, he had stood up in the face of adversity and come out the other side stronger, albeit beaten and bloody, but he’d done it. He held his head high when he walked, he wore his scars with pride, and he stood up for what he believed in. It took quite a big blow to knock him down, really.
So, why did this hurt so fucking badly?
He knew it shouldn’t have shaken him as much as it had. He’d been arguing with Wilbur, as per usual, when it started getting more heated than it should. Maybe Quackity had taken it too far, insulting Phil and the man’s ability to raise a son, but Wilbur had been quick to bite back – had dished back just as low a blow.
“Silly of you of all people to question one’s family life, Quackity. How are your fiances? Haven’t seen them in a while.”
He’d said it so coyly, and it had been enough to make Quackity’s breath catch in his throat. His stomach twisted, chest stinging uncomfortably, and Wilbur had simply flashed him that sickening, charismatic grin that the duck despised.
That was how Quackity had found himself holed back up in his office, gritting his teeth, a vice like grip on his pen as he tried (failed) to complete the paperwork he so desperately needed to. He couldn’t seem to focus, his mind running a million miles a minute as he replayed the argument over and over in the back of his head. The mention of Sapnap and Karl were always a sore subject, one that he tried to avoid like the plague – and yet there they were.
Something tugged greedily in the back of his mind, a familiar fuzz telling him to slip, to let go of his worries for a couple of hours. He couldn’t, not without them. Not without Sapnap holding him in his arms, murmuring quiet words of praise as he peppered his cheeks with kisses. Not without Karl filling his favourite sippy cup with juice, singing soft lullabies to help him sleep.
He couldn’t regress, not without them.
The words seemed jumbled on the page in front of him, and before he knew it they were being blurred – why couldn’t he see?
A teardrop fell onto the paper, soaking in and smudging at the ink. Oh, he was crying.
He let the pen fall from his hand onto the desk, burying his face in his hands as the tears began to fall. It had been months since they’d left, since they abandoned him, why was he still so shaken up about this? He didn’t know why he’d ever expected it to work out in the long run. It had always been Karl and Sapnap against the world, Quackity had always been aware that he had always been the least valued member of their trio. If anyone was going to get left behind, it was him.
The duck hybrid vaguely heard the sound of his intercom going off and someone speaking, though he didn’t tune in enough to recognize the voice. He couldn’t bring himself to respond, or even really acknowledge it – he curled in on himself in his chair that suddenly felt far too big for a little boy like him, doing his best to suppress the sobs that so desperately wanted to make themselves heard.
He knew he was regressing against his own will. No matter how much he didn’t want to, no matter how much he told himself that he was a big boy who could take care of himself and that he shouldn’t have to regress, there was nothing he could do to stop it. Daddy and Dada weren’t around anymore, and all little Q wanted in that moment was a hug.
Quackity was too deep in his own cycle of self loathing to realize that the person who’d buzzed over the intercom was now making their way up to his office.
“Quackity from Las Nevadas!” Charlie, who still hadn’t fully grasped the concept of knocking, opened the door with that wide, signature smile of his. That smile faded upon seeing the sorry state the man was in, a look of sympathy crossing his goopy features. “You’re leaking! Why are you leaking?”
He approached the desk, coming around to stand beside Quackity’s chair instead of settling down in his usual place in the empty visitors seats. Slime had always been very touchy. He didn’t really understand personal space yet, which in that moment came as both a curse and a blessing. A hand settled on Quackity’s back, and the boy broke.
A harsh sob tore itself from his throat, turning to look up at the other with wide, tear-filled eyes.
“D-Dada and Daddy don’ wa-wan’ me nu mowe.” He hiccuped, reaching up with balled fists to rub at the moisture on his cheeks. He’d fully slipped without realizing it or meaning to, though when he wasn’t sure. He couldn’t even pinpoint how old he felt, everything was just too much to process.
“Ohh, well that’s not very nice of them! Who wouldn’t want you?” Charlie’s hand had begun to rub gentle shapes in between his shoulder blades, his voice raising a few octaves as if he were talking to a puppy. It only helped to make Quackity slip further, instinctively shifting himself closer to the slime.
“I-I ba-bad!” Quackity was practically wailing now, gasping for breath in between chokes cries. Charlie tutted at him, the hand that wasn’t rubbing his back reaching up to cup his cheek.
“Now Quackity from Las Nevadas, that’s not true. You’re just a little boy, how can you be bad?”
Quackity stared up at him for a moment, leaning into his touch like it was the only thing keeping him alive. His breath still stuttered, shoulders shuddering with each sob, but his thoughts were becoming slightly clearer – Charlie knew he was little. The only ones who knew had either abandoned him or were dead, so how could he know?
Then again, that didn’t really matter now. Charlie knew somehow.
“How about we get you into something cozier, Ducky,” the sweet sounding nickname slipped from Slime’s mouth so smoothly, and he found himself nodding almost immediately as the other continued, “are you hungry? I’m not allowed to use the kitchen, but Awesamdude from What-Does-It-Matter left some pasta downstairs!”
Quackity had never been more grateful that Charlie lived in the same tower as him. All the other citizens lived separately, but Charlie, being a little more naive than the others, opted to stay in the tower. They slept in separate rooms on separate floors, but Charlie was always close.
Quackity gave a shaky nod at the suggestion, reaching his arms up towards the blond. A grin split across Charlie’s face, bending down to lift the little into his arms. Quackity buried his face in the crook of his neck, legs around his waist. One of Charlie’s hands rested on his back, the other under his bottom to steady him, and all Quackity could process was just how safe it made him feel. His wings fluttered happily against his back, yelling feathers ruffling.
“I’ll carry you whenever you want, Quackity from Las Nevadas.”
Charlie carried the boy out of the office, continuing to hold him and coo quiet words of praise on their way down to Quackity’s floor.
“I used to have a little guy like you, y’know!” Charlie announced as the elevator doors opened, stepping out into Quackity’s living room. “We lived in a mountain together! It was called the Palcove. I hope Ted from the Palcove is okay, I haven’t seen him in a while. He liked to fish! Maybe he’s fishing.”
One of the curses of being thousands of years old was a fading memory. Charlie vaguely knew he had a life before migrating to the SMP – he remembered a cave and a man with a bright smile, he remembered a factory, he remembered a man with large, pointed horns that sold hamburgers.
He remembered the day everything fell apart, the entirety of the server sucked into the hole he kept trying to tell himself wasn’t there.
He’d been watching Quackity from Las Nevadas long before they’d actually met. He saw the way that the man with the flames and the man with the wrist clocks treated him when he behaved the same way as his own little Teddy.
Charlie carried Quackity into the bedroom, surveying the room for wherever the duck might hide his little supplies. There had to be something, right? What did he used to do with Ted?
“Do you have any stuff, bubby?” Charlie bounced the little one on his hip, watching with a fading smile as he shrugged. “Okay, let’s start with jammies. Do you have jammies?”
Quackity nodded, finally, pointing towards his closet. When Charlie opened it he found the man’s usual suits, button ups, ties, but pushed in the very back was a simple long sleeved blue oneise. He took it off the hook, showing it to the regressor with a smile.
“You wanna wear this, Ducky?”
“Mhm!” Quackity gave a hurried nod, reaching out to touch the soft fabric.
“Can you do it or do you need help?”
“I do!” He announced proudly. “’m a big boy, I do.”
Charlie set him down on the edge of the bed, pressing a kiss to his cheek. He disappeared from the room as Quackity got himself changed, planning on hunting down some sort of a sippy cup to put water into. All that crying must have drained him of eye-juice, right? That was how humans worked?
Quackity, meanwhile, had gotten distracted with the task of getting himself changed. Once he had his onesie on he lifted his head to proudly tell Charlie, only to find himself alone in his bedroom. The same fears and reminders from earlier came rushing back – had Charlie left him, too? Had Quackity been bad? The tears from before resurfaced with a vengeance, spilling down his cheeks and into his lap.
He crawled over towards his pillows, grabbing the well loved, plush panda that had been buried under the covers. It had been given to him by Sapnap years prior, and though seeing it now made his heart hurt, he wanted the comfort the stuffie brought. He held it tightly in his arms, burying his face in it’s fur.
It was in that moment that Charlie rushed back into the bedroom, now filled sippy cup in hand.
“Quackity from Las Nevadas, I got you-” his brow furrowed upon seeing Quackity crying for the second time that day, setting the cup on the nightstand as he rushed over. “No, no, don’t leak again! What happened, Ducky?”
“Weft me! Don’ wan’ chu to weave! Swime!” Quackity sniffled as Charlie scooped him back into his hold, curling up on the slime’s lap. The blond shook his head, swiping trails of salt away with his thumbs as he pulled him close.
“I’m so sorry, bubba. Slime isn’t going anywhere. I can’t die! We’re together forever.” He rubbed their noses together, grinning at the giggle the little emitted.
“Foweva?”
“Mhm! Forever and ever.” Charlie leaned back against the headboard, reaching over to grab the abandoned sippy cup. Quackity snuggled into his chest, panda still in his arms. “Drink this for me, little guy. It’ll make your inside neck feel better!”
It really was amazing how easygoing Quackity was when he was little. The boy did what was told with an eager-to-please nod, grasping the sippy cup and drinking from it. The cold liquid really did do wonders for his throat, he hadn’t realized how sore and scratchy it actually felt.
The last few strands of tension vanished from the little’s body when Charlie began to pet the soft feathers that adorned his wings. He would have purred if he could, instead opting to make a soft chirping noise around the spout of his sippy.
It didn’t take long for Quackity’s eyes to droop shut once he’d finished his drink. It was funny how much crying could tucker you out. He let Charlie take the now empty cup from him and place it back on the nightstand, pressing a kiss to the crown of his head. He trusted the slime in that moment, knowing deep down that when he eventually woke up, probably big again, he’d still be there. Charlie grabbed a blanket from nearby and bundled Quackity up in his arms, letting his own eyes slide shut. Yeah, a nap sounded good.
“Sweet dreams, Quackity from Las Nevadas.”
There is a saying that says that every person in love is dumb.
When people are in love, they become so entranced with the other person that it doesn’t matter if the world is burning down, they will only have eyes for the other.
It was almost summer. Spring passed so quickly, between midterms and soccer practice, that now the team was resting for a couple of days before training again. Shindou said the orders, and the others complied. Tenma showed a frown but didn’t say anything. He knew they needed to rest, but he was going to be bored without training with the team for a few days.
So currently, he was in his room, laying on his bed and looking at the ceiling, while holding his soccer ball. His window was open, trying to make some fresh air enter the room before he had a heat stroke. His aunt went to buy some groceries, and before leaving asked him if he wanted some ice cream, as a reward for doing well in his exams. So he was alone and bored.
After being in his bed for what seemed like hours, he woke up and decided to at least go to his backyard, so he could lay in the shade (and if it wasn’t so hot, maybe he could do some training, too.)
While he was putting down a towel on the grass, a couple of steps made him look in their direction.
There was Tsurugi, going towards him, cool as ever. He was wearing a black tank top, sunglasses, and a little smile on his face.
‘’Tsurugi!’’ Tenma screamed, going to hug him. He collapsed against Tsurugi’s chest.
‘’Hi, Tenma.’’
Tenma looked at him from his chest, still hugging him.
‘’What are you doing here?’’
‘’I’ve brought you some ice cream.’’ Tsurugi said. ‘’I thought you might be bored.’’
Tenma separated then, to smile at him brightly.
‘’You are the best!’’
‘’What were you doing?’’ Tsurugi asked, looking at the towel on the grass.
‘’You can’t imagine how bored I am without soccer!’’ Tenma said, taking the ice cream from the bag. ‘’I was going to lay on the shade for a little because it’s too hot to play.’’ Tenma pouted.
Tsurugi nodded, understanding.
‘’Tsurugi, do you want to keep me company for a bit?’’
‘’Yeah, okay. But put first the ice cream on the freezer so it doesn’t melt.’’
Tenma ran, put away the ice cream, and came back to Tsurugi lying on the towel. He had removed his sunglasses, his eyes were closed and his face looked relaxed, for once. Tenma blushed. Although he had seen his best friend like this before, that didn’t end to amaze him, how pretty Tsurugi was. He usually also wore pretty makeup, although today he wasn’t wearing any, probably because of the heat. Then, Tsurugi opened his eyes.
‘’Aren’t you going to lay down?’’
‘’Yes, yes!’’ Tenma said, afraid that he had been caught staring. He laid down, leaving some separation between him and Tsurugi, who had closed his eyes again.
They stayed still in silence for a little bit, but being Tenma, he couldn’t stay still for a long time.
‘’Tsurugi, do you want to put on some music?’’
‘’...Okay, but I don’t know what to put on.’’
‘’Lend me your phone.’’
Tsurugi gave Tenma his phone, and Tenma started browsing through his songs.
‘Woah Tsurugi, I’ve never expected you to listen to Coldplay!’’
‘’Stop being so noisy, damn.’’ Tsurugi said but without a bite. He trusted Tenma, and he was pretty sure he wouldn’t judge him for his music taste.
‘’Oh, what does this mean?’’ Tenma said, putting on a song.
Cariño started to play. And although Tenma didn’t understand Spanish, he guessed that it was a love song. He blushed.
Tsurugi snorted.
‘’What? Are you surprised?’’
Tenma looked up at him. Tsurugi had his head in his hand, his body in Tenma’s direction. He was smiling (and probably laughing at Tenma’s blush, internally).
They were closer than before, and Tenma still had Tsurugi’s phone in his hand.
‘’Do you know what this song says?’’ Tenma asked, bringing the phone closer to his chest.
‘’Yeah, kind of. I looked over some translations.’’
‘’And what does it say?’’
This time, it was Tsurugi who blushed. Damn, he didn’t expect Tenma to be that curious about a song. But he asked, so he can’t say no.
‘’It says something like You’re a masterpiece, just by only looking at you, it’s something that gives me peace.’’
Tenma looked at Tsurugi, fascinated.
‘’It is a love song, isn’t it?’’ Tenma asked, blushing a little.
‘’...Yeah.’’
‘’How come you listen to this type of music? I thought you listened to punk or something.’’
Tsurugi looked at him, confused.
‘’I like softer songs, too.’’
‘’Oh.’’
They stared at each other for a little bit, before Tenma broke his gaze towards the taller boy.
He didn’t think that Tsurugi would listen to music that soft. He expected him to listen to more rough music, but he couldn’t say that he didn’t enjoy the song playing, though.
‘’Tell me what more does the song say.’’
So, Tsurugi told the whole song to Tenma in English, Tenma looking and listening to him in awe, blushing but doing nothing to hide it.
Tsurugi could tell that the atmosphere around them changed. Although the sun was still up, the light was slowly changing to an orange color. The cicadas were starting to make less noise, and a gentle breeze awoke around them as if it was trying to accompany their mood.
Tenma came closer, the song was playing on repeat now and both boys couldn’t stop staring at each other’s faces.
‘’Now that I look into your eyes, they are grey.’’ Tsurugi commented, casually putting his hands on Tenma’s cheeks.
‘’...Yeah.’’
‘’But it isn’t grey, it’s kind of blueish too.’’
‘’...Yeah. Whatever you say.’’
I can be your babe if you won't let goIf you talk to me, but you already knowI can be your babe if you won't let go
The song went on, again, but they weren’t paying attention to it. It was more of background noise because they were too busy staring at each other, in their world.
Tenma’s hands went to rest on top of Tsurugi’s, who was slowly caressing his cheek.
Tenma was smiling fondly, admiring how beautiful his best friend was.
Ah, Tsurugi is really pretty. He looks so good without make-up, his skin looks very soft.
The dusk came to them, bathing the boys in the warm sunlight. The moon was slowly making its way to the sky.
Tenma was the first to come to his senses. He approached Tsurugi and put his head on his chest, without asking. Tsurugi complied and didn’t say anything. Tenma’s weight on him was comforting and warm, and it didn’t overwhelm him even if it was hot. Tenma looked up from Tsurugi’s chest and smiled sweetly at him.
‘’I like this song, thank you for putting it on.’’
Tsurugi didn’t have the heart to remind him that it was himself who put the song on because he was looking at Tenma’s accentuated freckles, his eyes, and his mouth.
Tenma was again the first to break this, as he kissed Tsurugi.
I want to devour you so muchThis time, kiss youThat’s if I could
They both fell into each other’s presence, grounding themselves with the weight of the other. The kiss was nothing but warm and soft, matching nicely to the dusk. Tenma kissed him wanting to tell him a lot of things with his kiss, and Tsurugi accepted everything because he trusted Tenma blindly.
Maybe this wasn’t how Tenma was planning the afternoon to go, but he didn’t have any complaints. Tsurugi was pretty, he was always supporting him and he was the best teammate he could ask for, in soccer and as a friend.
Tsurugi didn’t expect the afternoon to go like this either, but he also didn’t have any complaints.
When they separated, they stayed still, looking at each other closely. They both radiated warmth, their hands holding each other’s, a smile on their faces. Neither of them wanted to break the moment, the song still on repeat.
The night surprised the boys asleep in the backyard, hands loosely intertwined, their bodies together, faces relaxed. Aki found them like this, and she smiled for herself.
Young love, she thought. It reminds me of someone.
She left them there, enjoying each other’s presence.
When Tenma woke up after Aki called for them, he took a moment to look at Tsurugi, who was waking up, yawning a little. Tenma’s breath got caught in his chest. Tsurugi’s face looked relaxed, his eyes starting to open and he smiled as soon as he saw Tenma.
‘’Shall we go get dinner?’’ Tenma said, voice not much more than a whisper.
‘’Yeah.’’ Tsurugi said, his voice as low as him.
The boys end the night on Tenma’s porch, they were both too shy to say something, but their hands were itching to grab the other’s hand.
‘’Let’s have a date tomorrow, Tsurugi!’’ Tenma said, after a while without them talking.
‘’Okay, where do you want to go?’’
‘’Let’s go to this new amusement park! And then we’ll have some ice cream and we’ll take pretty pictures!’’
Tenma looked so excited and cute that Tsurugi couldn’t say no, so he agreed to everything.
In the end, Tsurugi gave Tsuurugi a kiss on Tenma’s cheek and the promise to have a date the next day.
When Tsurugi was going home, he couldn’t stop thinking about this afternoon. The feeling of peace and calm he felt with Tenma in his arms, even if it was hot.
He never had loved this much a summer afternoon like this one.
Some time ago, Lee Soo Hyuk and Choi Jung Soo kept bothering Kim Rook Soo into making a feast for them. From the three of them, he was the one who cooked the best.
Well, that didn't mean much considering that Choi Jung Soo was always banned from any kitchen, while Lee Soo Hyuk had cooking abilities barely enough to survive.
However, Kim Rook Soo just had an insanely good seasoning that made his dishes be special. He wasn't at the level of a professional chef or a grandmother cooking for the holidays, of course, but his skills were something to be proud of.
Both hyungs greatly cherished the times in which their dongsaeng cooked something for them. Even the simplest of the dishes was enough to please them.
Kim Rook Soo wasn't very confident in his cooking skills. He thought it was on the level of a university student who just moved out and learnt the bad way that you shouldn't mix hot oil with water because they didn't listen to their mother telling them how to cook.
He thought all the compliments Jung Soo and Soo Hyuk gave him were just empty flattery to make him feel better.
Still, after some thought, he decided to make a feast in his birthday. He would cook everything his family liked to thank them for all the things they gave him.
Giving food was sure a weird way of showing affection, but he clearly understood way it was significant.
Food was precious, after all.
It was surprisingly common as well. The amount of people who showed their fondness that way was absurdly high.
The percentage of tsundere people on the world was so high that it was funny. Such a shame that most of them only showed their dere side once every blue moon.

After making the decision, he moved fast. He saved money for three months, only buying the necessary. He even offered to work extra hours, demanding of course to be well payed. The extraordinary event startled not only his department, but the whole company.
The same man that always refused to work more than necessary, almost of the point of threatening whoever caused the increase of work, but always ended working more than necessary, willingly accepted to work extra hours?
If it weren't for the fact that he managed to get a huge payment for it, they would have thought he was replaced by someone else.
His hyungs, who accidentally discovered his plans, got worried of the health of his dongsaeng. Kim Rook Soo tended to overwork himself so much. They couldn't stop him at all, but they did everything that were on their hands to help him.
His parents were worried as well. How could they not when their child was such a fool at times. They couldn't do anything to correct him on taking care of himself at this point. The only thing they could do was taking care of him themselves, even if it was on a limited way.
Three months went on the blink of an eye and November arrived. The weather, windy and cold, screamed autumn in it's fullest.
Kim Rook Soo supplied with everything he needed on the following days, leaving the things that needed to be fresh at the end of the list to buy them on the same day.
He selected spices and aromatic herbs the first day, canned food that he wouldn't find otherwise the next day, long lasting vegetables the next and so on.
Finally, it was November 8th.
He got up early to buy the last things he needed. Walking on a cold morning was refreshing, even if he knew it would soon become hell as he had to carry a lot of things back home.
He kept visiting grocery stores, one after another as some didn't have this or that thing he needed. It was tiring, but he kept moving.
When everything was ready, he started to cook.
Washing ingredients, cutting vegetables, frying ingredients. No matter what he did, his moves were swift and skilled. He didn't practice with his mother's recipe book in the last three months for nothing.
He didn't slow down even when the cursed onions made his eyes sting so much. He did when he almost cut himself, though.
Lee Soo Hyuk was waiting on the living room alongside Choi Jung Soo and Kim Rook Soo's parents. The smell spreading from the kitchen was making them hungry. Their youngest sure was giving his all.
Kim Rook Soo's mother looked down. She stared at her bandaged arm. Her husband catched what was on her mind almost instantly.
"You know we can only wait, honey."
"I know. Even if I could help, I don't think Rook Soo-ya would even let me help."
"Hahaha, don't worry auntie, the last time I tried helping him, he kicked me out after just two seconds.
"You have a record of burning plain water, of course you'll be denied entrance for the kitchen. I'm sure our dongsaeng would love to cook with you, ma'am."
The lady smiled warmly.
"I hope so, but our kid can be so stubborn at times. I wonder who did he toke it from."
The conversation kept moving, but never having a topic unrelated to Kim Rook Soo. Discussions about who knew him the best, what was his cutest feature or anecdotes from their time together were warmly talked. Laughs filled the room at times, while other silent sobs due to teary memories were the loudest sound. Some times bitter times were the main focus, impregnating the room in silence.
But no matter what, their love for their cherished kid never left the room.


It was evening when Kim Rook Soo finished. Different dishes were displayed on the table.
He took some plates and served the food.
With care and delicacy, he placed the dishes in the altar.
Photos of four people were the only things that could welcome the act.
When he thought it was fine, he took a chair and sat there for a while. He didn't have much photos of them, but the ones he had were full of warmth, similar to that they had. That may be the reason the room felt cold in comparison.
He grabbed the recipe book his late mother had. It was one of the few things he managed to stop his relatives from selling or throwing away.
Fingers passed page after page. All their favorite dishes were marked with stars. All the recipes had notes of how he and his father preferred it.
He found funny how his dislike to spicy food changed so quickly, while his hate for sour things remained the same after all those years.
After closing the book, he saw the cover. It was drawn by his father. A little child was hugged by a couple. His mother was the one who asked his father to draw them.
‘These are the recipes for the family’ is what she said.
He got up and placed the book in the drawer of his parents things. It had all sort of odd things, each with its own story. It took a long time for him to unbox them.
It was so painful just to see them, but he still kept them with him.
As the time passed, the pain subdued little by little. It was no longer painful when he met Lee Soo Hyuk and Choi Jung Soo.
And that was the very same reason he couldn't open their drawer. It hasn't been even a year since they left. It wasn't even three seasons since their laughs, their teasing and their warmth faded away.
He wasn't ready.
Not to open that drawer, nor to open his heart.

He sat on the empty room. He was surprised to find that it wasn't cold. The heat of the kitchen must have spread to that room. They were next each other, after all.
He saw all the food he just made.
... Maybe he went a bit overboard. 
Tomorrow he'll go to that refuge near the station to give them all this food. Even if he freezed some, it was still too much for only one person.
He also needed to wash the dishes, finish those papers for tomorrow...
But first, he'll eat.
He served himself some soup. Just with one spoon, he felt all the warmth embrace his body, as if someone were hugging him.
He was surprised to find that one tear fell on his hand.
Shit, maybe he still felt something while watching his parents belongings.
He kept eating. The warmth embracing him made it so easy for his tears to fall, but his face remained stoic.
What was the point of crying now when he didn't eight months ago? He didn't understand why he was crying, but he couldn't stop.
He didn't try to stop.
He ate there, silent, in the empty room.
But for some reason, he felt full.













"Dad, what do you want as present?"
"We'll buy it, nya!"
"We saved lots of money to buy anything, nya!"
Kim Rook Soo putted down his book.
These kids weren't indifferent to money. They knew very well what was a huge amount of money, so they were serious when they said that.
But no matter how much he gave them as allowance, it wasn't enough to get to those amounts. He only had the payment of a normal employee, after all.
Even if his line of work was better rewarded, it wasn't that much.
Where did they got the money from?
"I gave them it."
Kim Rook Soo now had an idea of what happened. A very clear and detailed idea.
"I payed them for working with me."
"We scammed some bad guys!"
"We got money from them as well, nya!"
Cale Henituse, the chabeol that stuck with him for some reason after saving him from a monster, had the same expression as the kids that he started to take care of after finding out they were being used in a guild.
On, the older one, gave a reassuring smile to him.
"It wasn't anything dangerous. Choi Han and the prince helped us as well."
Now Kim Rook Soo had someone to nag. He was happy the kids were getting fun using the things they learned from him, but it was still too early for them to be that exposed to that ambient.
"Also, Rosalyn noona was there."
Now that was reassuring. He needed to thank her next time.
Raon, the youngest if the group, got near him, asking to be carried on his legs.
"Hyung was the one who did the most! He really paid attention to all the things you taught us, human."
The little kid said while Kim Rook Soo put him on his legs.
The older glanced towards Cale. He was using a book to hide his face, but the tips of his ears were clearly red.
Sigh.
"At least you're all fine. But let me know the next time you want money, I'll give it to you. Children shouldn't work."
The kids pouted a little, but soon enough On and Hong, the middle one, went to sit besides him to hug him like Raon was doing already.
"Okay!"
He pat their heads. He then directed his gaze to the red haired kid.
Noticing it, Cale returned the stare and said with a calmed voice.
"I'm not a kid."
"You're only 15, of course you are a kid. Just promise that you won't do anything dangerous. I can help if you want to scam someone."
"I can do it myself. I'm pretty much an adult."
Cale mumbled the last part, but it was loud enough for the rest to hear. Kim Rook Soo was going to say something but Raon was faster.
"Do you want to stop being a kid? But if you're an adult you won't get pat on the head nor bedtime stories!"
"You won't get to know the adventures of Soo's squad!"
Hong was quick to add at the realization of such a horror.
Kim Rook Soo have told them some stories of his hyungs and for some reason they called them with that name.
Big worried eyes stared at Cale, who couldn't go against his dongsaengs.
"D-Don't worry, I'm still a kid- Aaahhg, fine. I promise, uncle."
"Good."
Kim Rook Soo sighed. Just how did he got surrounded by kids?
It's been almost six years since his hyungs passed away, but just two years since he met these rascals.
Not even once in those three years before their meeting did he thought his days would become like this.
"A diamond ring?"
"A gold necklace!"
"We gave him that last year."
"Cookies!"
"Maybe some bracelets? I saw some really cool ones while shopping with Ron."
"The one we went to last time?"
"Oh! There were some good desserts in there."
Kim Rook Soo was feeling odd. What kind of image did the kids have from him? They were suggesting jewelry and desserts only. They weren't completely wrong, but still...
"Why don't you help me cook something for everyone?"
Four heads focused on him. They had sparks on their eyes.
"We'll buy the ingredients together and make everything from scratch. You can help me make Alberu pay for them and later on we cook whatever we want. How does it sound?"
"Yesyesyeayesyes!"
The agreement didn't take any long to appear. The kids were completely delighted. He had to cover his eyes as they were shining on happiness.
Kim Rook Soo sighed, but he couldn't help the small smile growing in his face. How could he not seeing them like this?
He wondered what would be their reaction when he showed them the recipe book he was making full of their favorite dishes.
There were a lot of things he had to prepare for this year, huh?
Lot of things happened in just five years, lots of changes have come to his life. He may as well open both drawers this year.
"Lock hyung and the rest like meat a lot. So that is a must!"
"We also need to add lots of vegetables! Grandpa Ron said that a balanced diet is important."
"Let's decide what we'll do as main dish and then see the rest. We need a cake as well."
"I'll ask Beacrox to make a huge cake."
The kids were cheerfully deciding what to do. He need to intervene before they added something weird to the menu.
It seems this year the room will be at its fullest. How much food would they need to make?
He was busy dealing with the children, not noticing the same warmth that was there for the longest time leaving the room. They could leave without worries as their kid was in good hands.
He had enough people at his side to warmth the room.



